<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1547546_0001628280-23-009060.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10624369</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>439054</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1794079</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3844341</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2359757</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1990847</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-009060.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323164129
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-009060
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lument Finance Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001547546
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				454966519
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35845
		FILM NUMBER:		23756784

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		230 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		23RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10169
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 588-2051

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		230 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		23RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10169

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180525

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Five Oaks Investment Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120417

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-009060.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 hcft-20221231.htm
 10-K

hcft-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____ to____ 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, including area code ) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered: 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes or 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes or 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. or No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). or No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes or No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter) based on the closing sale price on the New York Stock Exchange on that date. 
 As of March 21, 2023, there were outstanding shares of common stock, 0.01 par value. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2. Properties 
 30 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 46 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 46 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 47 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 48 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 48 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Schedules 
 49 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 49 

i 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial conditions, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. In addition, our management may from time to time make oral forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by use of words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "project," "plan," "continue," "intend," "should," "may," "will," "seek," "would," "could" or similar expressions or other comparable terms, or by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all information currently available to us. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations are subject to risks and uncertainties and change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operation may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to vary from our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 the risks, uncertainties and factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; 
 the general political, economic and competitive conditions in the markets in which we invest; 
 the level and volatility of prevailing interest rates and credit spreads; 
 adverse changes in the real estate and real estate capital markets; 
 difficulty in obtaining financing or raising capital; 
 reductions in the yield on our investments and an increase in the cost of our financing; 
 defaults by borrowers in paying debt service on outstanding indebtedness; 
 adverse legislative or regulatory developments; 
 changes in our business, investment strategies or target assets; 
 increased competition from entities engaged in mortgage lending or investing in our target assets; 
 acts of God such as hurricanes, earthquakes, pandemics such as COVID-19 and other natural disasters, acts of war and/or terrorism and other events that may cause unanticipated and uninsured performance declines and/or losses to us or to the owners and operators of the real estate securing our investments; 
 deterioration in the performance of the property securing our investments that may cause deterioration in the performance of our investments and, potentially, principal losses to us; 
 difficulty in redeploying the proceeds from repayment of our existing investments; 
 difficulty in successfully managing our growth, including integrating new assets into our existing systems; 
 authoritative generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, or policy changes from such standard-setting bodies as the Financial Accounting Board, or FASB, the Securities Exchange Commission, or SEC, the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, or other authorities that we are subject to; 
 the potential unavailability of the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") after December 31, 2022; and 
 our qualification as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("the Code"), and our exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"). 
 These and other risks, uncertainties and factors, including the risk factors described in Part 1, Item 1A - "Risk Factors" and Part 2, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements that we make, or that are attributable to us, are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 References herein to "Lument Finance Trust," "Company," "LFT," "we," "us," or "our" refer to Lument Finance Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 
 Our Company 
 
 We are a real estate investment trust ("REIT") focused on investing in, originating, financing and managing a portfolio of commercial real estate ("CRE") debt investments. We primarily invest or originate in transitional floating rate CRE mortgage loans with an emphasis on middle-market multifamily assets. We may also invest in other CRE-related investments including mezzanine loans, preferred equity, commercial mortgage-backed securities, fixed rate loans, construction loans and other CRE debt instruments. 
 
 We are externally managed by our manager, Lument Investment Management (the "Manager" or "Lument IM") pursuant to the terms of our management agreement. Our Manager is a subsidiary of Lument Real Estate Capital Holdings, LLC ("Lument"). Lument is a subsidiary of ORIX Corporation USA ("ORIX USA"), a diversified financial company and a subsidiary of ORIX Corporation ("ORIX"). ORIX is a publicly traded, Tokyo-based international financial services company with assets in excess of 102 billion as of September 2022 and was ranked number 345 on Forbes 2021 Global 2000: World's Biggest Public Companies. 
 
 We are a Maryland corporation that was formed in March 2012 and commenced operations in May 2012. We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "LFT" and our 7.875 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ("Series A Preferred Stock") is traded on the NYSE under the symbol "LFTPrA." 
 
 Our Manager and Lument 
 
 We are externally managed and advised by our Manager, a subsidiary of Lument. At December 31, 2022, Lument had approximately 600 employees located in over 30 offices throughout the United States. We have access to an extensive loan origination platform through our affiliation with Lument, which is a premier national mortgage originator and asset manager. Lument's origination teams employ a relationship-focused approach to lending opportunities and focus on speed and certainty of execution for its borrower clients, thereby strengthening Lument's reputation as a reliable counterparty and encouraging repeat business. 
 
 Our Manager implements our business strategy, performs investment advisory services with respect to our assets, and is responsible for performing all of our day-to-day operations. Our Manager is an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and is subject to the supervision and oversight of our board of directors and has only such functions and authority as our board of directors delegates to it. Pursuant to a management agreement between our Manager and us, our Manager is entitled to receive a base management fee, an incentive fee, and certain expense reimbursements. 
 
 Our Investment Strategy 
 
 We invest primarily in transitional floating rate CRE mortgage loans with an emphasis on middle-market multifamily assets. We may also invest in other CRE-related investments including mezzanine loans, preferred equity, commercial mortgage-backed securities, fixed rate loans, construction loans and other CRE debt instruments. We finance our current investments in transitional multifamily and other CRE loans primarily through match term non-recourse CRE collateralized loan obligations ("CLO"). We may utilize warehouse repurchase agreements or other forms of financing in the future. Our primary sources of income are net interest from our investment portfolio and non-interest income from our mortgage loan-related activities. Net interest income represents the interest we earn on investments less the expense of funding these investments. 
 
 Our investments typically have the following characteristics: 
 
 Sponsors with experience in particular real estate sectors and geographic markets; 
 Located in U.S. markets with multiple demand drivers, such as growth in employment and household formation; 
 Fully funded principal balance greater than 5 million and generally less than 75 million; 
 Loan to Value ratio up to 85 of as-is value and up to 75 of as-stabilized value; 
 Floating rate loans historically tied to one-month U.S. denominated LIBOR, more recently to one-month term SOFR, and/or in the future, potentially other index replacement; and 
 Three-year term with two one-year extension options. 
 
 We believe that our current investment strategy provides significant opportunities to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders over time. However, to capitalize on the investment opportunities at different points in the economic and real estate investment cycle, we may modify or expand our investment strategy. We believe that the flexibility of our strategy, which is supported by the significant CRE experience of Lument's investment team, and the extensive resources of ORIX USA, will allow us to take advantage of changing market conditions to maximize risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders. 
 
 Our Target Assets 
 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans. We intend to continue to focus on selectively acquiring first mortgage loans sourced by our Manager and its affiliates and through directly originating first mortgage loans on our balance sheet. These loans are secured by a first mortgage lien on a commercial property, may vary in duration, predominantly bear interest at a floating rate, may provide for regularly scheduled principal amortization and typically require a balloon payment of principal at maturity. These investments may encompass a whole commercial mortgage loan or may include a participation in a portion of a commercial mortgage loan. 
 
 Other Commercial Real-Estate-Related Debt Instruments. We also expect to opportunistically originate and selectively acquire other CRE-related debt instruments, subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and our exclusion or exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act, as amended (the 'Investment Company Act"), including, but not limited to, the following: 
 1 

Mezzanine Loans. These are loans made to the owner of a mortgage borrower and secured by a pledge of the equity interests in the mortgage borrower. These loans are subordinate to a first mortgage loan but senior to the borrower s equity. These loans may be tranched into senior and junior mezzanine loans, with the junior mezzanine lenders secured by a pledge of the equity in the senior mezzanine borrower. Following a default on a mezzanine loan, and subject to the negotiated terms with the mortgage lender or other senior lenders, the mezzanine lender generally has the right to foreclose on its equity interest in the mortgage borrower and become the owner of the property, directly or indirectly, subject to the lien of the first mortgage loan and any debt senior to it, including any outstanding senior mezzanine debt. In addition, the mezzanine lender typically has additional rights relative to the more senior lenders, including the right to cure defaults under the mortgage loan and any senior mezzanine loan and purchase the mortgage loan and any senior mezzanine loan, in each case under certain circumstances following a default on the mortgage loan. Unlike a B Note holder, the mezzanine lender typically has the authority to administer its own loan, independent from the administration of the mortgage loan. 
 Preferred Equity. These are investments subordinate to any mezzanine loan, but senior to the owners common equity. Preferred equity investments typically pay a dividend, rather than interest payments, and often provide for the accrual of such dividends if cash flow is insufficient to pay such amounts on a current basis. Preferred equity interests are not secured by the underlying real estate, but upon the occurrence of an issuer s failure to make payments required by the terms of the preferred equity instrument or certain other specified events of default, the preferred equity holder typically has the right to effectuate a change of control with respect to the ownership of the property, which would include the ability of the preferred equity holder to sell the property to realize its investment. Preferred equity is generally subject to mandatory redemption by the issuer at the end of a specified term. 
 Secured Real Estate Securities. These are securities, which may take the form of CMBS or CLOs that are collateralized by pools of CRE debt instruments, often first mortgage loans. The underlying loans are aggregated into a pool and sold as securities to investors. Under the pooling and servicing agreements that govern these pools, the loans are administered by a trustee and servicers, which act on behalf of all investors and distribute the underlying cash flows from the pools of debt instruments to the different classes of securities in accordance with their seniority and ratings. 
 Miscellaneous Debt Instruments. This would encompass any other CRE-related debt instruments, if necessary, to maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes or our exclusion or exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 The allocation of our capital among our target assets will depend on prevailing market conditions at the time we invest and may change over time in response to different prevailing market conditions. In the future, we may invest in assets other than our target assets or change our target assets, in each case subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and our exclusion or exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 Our Portfolio 
 
 Transitional Multifamily and Commercial Real Estate Loans 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our mortgage loan investment portfolio consisted of 71 senior secured floating rate loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of 1.1 billion, collectively having a weighted average coupon of 7.6 and a weighted average term to maturity of 3.5 years. As of December 31, 2022, 89.5 of the portfolio was supported by multifamily assets. 
 
 During 2022, the Company originated or acquired 345.9 million in loans and realized 270.9 million of loan repayments. This activity resulted in net investments of 75.0 million. The following table details the overall statistics of our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Weighted Average Loan Type Unpaid Principal Balance Carrying Value Loan Count Floating Rate Loan Coupon (1) 
 Term (Years) (2) 
 LTV (3) 
 December 31, 2022 Loans held-for-investment Senior secured loans (4) 
 1,076,865,099 1,076,148,186 71 100.0 7.6 3.5 71.5 Allowance for loan losses N/A (4,258,668) 1,076,865,099 1,071,889,518 71 100.0 7.6 3.5 71.5 
 
 (1) Weighted average coupon assumes applicable one-month LIBOR of 4.18 and 30-day Term SOFR of 4.19 as of December 31, 2022 and inclusive of weighted average interest rate floors of 0.27 . As of December 31, 2022, 77.4 of the investments by total exposure earned a floating rate indexed to one-month LIBOR and 22.6 of the investments by total investment exposure earned a floating rate indexed to 30-day Term SOFR. 
 (2) Weighted average term assumes all extension options are exercised by the borrower; provided, however, that our loans may be repaid prior to such date. 
 (3) LTV as of the date the loan was originated and is calculated after giving effect to capex and earnout reserves, if applicable. LTV has not been updated for any subsequent draws or loan modifications and is not reflective of any changes in value which may have occurred subsequent to origination date. 
 (4) As of December 31, 2022, 996,511,403 of the outstanding senior secured loans were held in variable interest entities ("VIEs") and 75,378,115 of the outstanding senior secured loans were held outside VIEs. 
 
 The charts below present the geographic dispersion of our loan portfolio and the property types securing our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 2 

MSRs 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company retained the servicing rights associated with residential mortgage loans having an aggregate unpaid principal balance of approximately 74.8 million that we had previously transferred to three residential mortgage loan securitization trusts. The carrying value of these MSRs at December 31, 2022 was approximately 0.8 million. The Company ceased the aggregation of residential mortgage loans in 2016 and other than servicing our existing portfolio, we do not anticipate any residential loan activity going forward. 
 
 Our Financing Strategy 
 
 We seek to use leverage to increase potential returns to our stockholders. We may use on-recourse CRE CLOs, secured revolving repurchase agreements, term loan facilities, warehouse facilities, asset-specific financing structures and other forms of leverage. As of December 31, 2022, our assets were financed with a match term, non-recourse CRE CLO and one senior corporate credit facility. 
 
 The goal of our leverage strategy is to ensure that, at all times, our leverage ratio is appropriate for the level of risk inherent in the investment portfolio and that each asset class has individual leverage targets that we believe are appropriate. We generally seek, to the extent possible, to match-fund and match-index our investments by minimizing the differences between the duration and indices of our investments and those of our liabilities. We also seek to minimize our exposure to mark-to-market risk. 
 
 While our organizational documents and our investment guidelines do not place any limits on the maximum amount of leverage that we may use, our financing facilities require us to maintain particular debt-to-equity leverage ratios. We may change our financing strategy and leverage without the consent of our stockholders. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We are engaged in a competitive business. In our investing activities, we compete for opportunities with a variety of institutional investors, including other REITs, specialty finance companies, public and private funds, commercial and investment banks, commercial finance and insurance companies and other financial institutions. Several other REITs and other investment vehicles have raised significant amounts of capital and may have investment objectives that overlap with ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and broader access to funding sources, such as the U.S. Government, that are not available to us. Many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REIT compliance or maintenance of an exclusion from regulation under the Investment Company Act. We could face increased competition from banks due to future legislative developments, such as amendments to key provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act including, provisions setting forth capital and risk retention requirements. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of loans and investments and offer more attractive pricing or other terms than we would. Furthermore, competition for investments we target may lead to decreasing yields, which may further limit our ability to generate targeted returns. 
 
 We believe access to our Manager's professionals and their industry expertise and relationships provide us with competitive advantages in assessing risks and determining appropriate pricing for potential investments. We believe these relationships will enable us to compete effectively for attractive investment opportunities. However, we may not be able to achieve our business goals or expectations due to the competitive risks that we face. 
 
 Investment Guidelines 
 
 Under the management agreement with our Manager, our Manager will be required to manage our business in accordance with certain investment guidelines and policies that have been approved by our board of directors, including each of our independent directors. Under these investment guidelines and policies: 
 
 We will not make an investment that would cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 We will not make an investment that would cause us to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 We are permitted to invest in residential mortgage-backed securities, multi-family mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities, residential mortgage loans, multi-family mortgage loans, CRE mortgage loans, mortgage servicing rights and other mortgage or real estate-related investments. 
 Our Manager may invest the net proceeds of any offerings of our securities in interest-bearing, short-term investments, including money market accounts or funds, that are consistent with our intention to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and maintain an exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act. 
 3 

These investment guidelines may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented or waived by our board of directors (which must include a majority of the independent directors of our board of directors) without the approval of our stockholders. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 
 We are committed to responsibly managing risk and preserving value for our shareholders. We make capital allocation decisions with environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors of our potential collateral and borrowers in mind, and incorporate diligence practices as part of our investment process to identify material ESG matters related to a given asset. 
 
 Our day-to-day operations are externally managed by our Manager, a subsidiary of ORIX USA. As such, much of the ESG initiatives undertaken by ORIX USA impact or apply to us. Key ESG initiatives we share with ORIX USA include considerations of ESG in the in the investment process, dedicated resources to ESG governance and oversight, industry engagement on ESG matters, corporate sustainability and environmental performance improvements at our office locations, and certain employee and community engagement and diversity, equity and inclusion ("DEI") programs. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Our operations are subject, in certain instances, to supervision and regulation by U.S. and other governmental authorities, and may be subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing various requirements and restrictions, which among other things: (i) regulate credit-granting activities; (ii) establish maximum interest rates, finance charges and other charges; (iii) require disclosures to customers; (iv) govern secured transactions; and (v) set collections, foreclosure, repossession and claims-handling procedures and other trade practices. We are also required to comply with certain provisions of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act that are applicable to commercial loans. We intend to conduct our business so that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 In our judgment, existing statutes and regulations have not had a material adverse effect on our business. In recent years, legislators in the United States and in other countries have said that greater regulation of financial services firms is needed, particularly in areas such as risk management, leverage and disclosure. While we expect that additional new regulations in these areas may be adopted and existing ones may change in the future, it is not possible at this time to forecast the exact nature of any future legislation, regulations, judicial decisions, orders or interpretations, nor their impact upon our future business, financial condition, or results of operations or prospects. 
 
 Taxation of the Company 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with our short taxable year ended December 31, 2012, and comply with the provisions of the Code with respect thereto. Accordingly, we are generally not subject to U.S. federal income tax on the REIT taxable income that we currently distribute to our stockholders so long as we maintain our qualification as a REIT. Our continued qualification as a REIT depends on our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, various complex requirements under the Code relating to, among other things, the source of our gross income, the composition and values of our assets, our distribution levels and the concentration of ownership of our capital stock. Even if we maintain our qualification as a REIT, we may be subject to some U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income. 
 
 Taxable income generated by our taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS"), is subject to regular corporate income tax. For the fiscal year 2022, our TRS did not generate taxable income. 
 
 Qualification as a REIT 
 
 Continued qualification as a REIT requires that we satisfy a variety of tests relating to our income, assets, distributions and ownership. The significant tests are summarized below. 
 
 Income Tests . In order to maintain our REIT qualification, we must satisfy two gross income requirements on an annual basis. First, at least 75 of our gross income for each taxable year, excluding gross income from sales of inventory or dealer property in "prohibited transactions" (as defined herein), discharge of indebtedness and certain hedging transactions, generally must be derived from investments relating to real property or mortgages on real property, including interest income derived from mortgage loans secured by real property (including certain types of mortgage-backed securities), rents from real property, dividends received from other REITs, and gains from the sale of designated real estate assets, as well as, specified income from temporary investments. Second, at least 95 of our gross income in each taxable year, excluding gross income from "prohibited transactions", discharge of indebtedness and certain hedging transactions, must be derived from some combination of income that qualifies under the 75 gross income test described above, as well as, other dividends, interest, and gain from the sale or disposition of stock or securities, which need not have any relation to real property. Income and gain from certain hedging transactions will be excluded from both the numerator and the denominator for purposes of both the 75 and 95 gross income tests. 
 
 Asset Tests . At the close of each calendar quarter, we must also satisfy five tests relating to the nature of our assets. First, at least 75 of the value of our total assets must be represented by some combination of designated real estate assets, cash, cash items, U.S. Government securities and, under some circumstances, stock or debt instruments purchased with new capital. Second, the value of any one issuer s securities that we own may not exceed 5 of the value of our total assets. Third, we may not own more than 10 of any one issuer s outstanding securities, as measured by either value (the "10 of value asset test") or voting power. The 5 and 10 asset tests do not apply to securities that qualify under the 75 asset test or to securities of a TRS and qualified REIT subsidiaries, and the 10 of value asset test does not apply to "straight debt" having specified characteristics and to certain other securities. Fourth, the aggregate value of all securities of TRSs that we hold may not exceed 20 of the value of our total assets. Fifth, not more than 25 of the value of our total assets may be represented by debt instruments of publicly offered REITs to the extent those debt instruments would not be real estate assets but for the inclusion of debt instruments of publicly offered REITs in the meaning of real estate assets. 
 
 Distribution Requirements . In order to maintain our REIT qualification, we are required to distribute dividends, other than capital gain dividends, to our stockholders in an amount at least equal to: (1) the sum of (a) 90 of our REIT taxable income computed without regard to our net capital gains and the deduction for dividends paid, and (b) 90 of our net income, if any, (after tax) from foreclosure property; minus (2) the sum of specified items of non-cash income that exceeds a certain percentage of our income. 
 
 Ownership . In order to maintain our REIT status, we must not be deemed to be closely held and must have more than 100 stockholders. The closely held prohibition requires that not more than 50 of the value of our outstanding shares be owned by five or fewer "individuals" (as defined for this purpose to 
 4 

include certain trusts and foundations) during the last half of our taxable year. The "more than 100 stockholders" rule requires that we have at least 100 stockholders for at least 335 days of a taxable year. Failure to satisfy either of these rules would cause us to fail to maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT unless certain relief provisions are available. 
 
 Taxation of REIT Dividends 
 
 REIT dividends (other than capital gain dividends) received by non-corporate taxpayers may be eligible for a 20 deduction. This deduction is only applicable to investors of LFT that receive dividends and does not have any impact on us. Without further legislation, the deduction would sunset after 2025. Investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the effect of this change on their effective tax rate with respect to REIT dividends. 
 
 Corporate Offices and Personnel 
 
 We were formed as a Maryland corporation in 2012. Our corporate headquarters are located at 230 Park Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, NY 10169 and our telephone number is (212) 317-5700. We are externally managed by our Manager pursuant to the management agreement between us and our Manager. We have no employees. Our executive officers, all of whom were provided by our Manager, are employees of Lument. 
 
 Access to our Periodic SEC Reports and Other Corporate Information 
 
 Our internet website address is www.lumentfinancetrust.com . We make available free of charge, through our website, our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments thereto that we file pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Policy Against Insider Trading and our Corporate Governance Guidelines along with the charters of our Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees are also available on our website. Information on our website is neither part of nor incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Website Disclosure 
 
 We use our website www.lumentfinancetrust.com as a channel of distribution of company information. The information we post through this channel may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, and webcasts. In addition you may automatically receive email alerts and other information about Lument Finance Trust, Inc. when you enroll your email address by visiting "Investor Relations Email Alerts" section of our website at https://www.lumentfinancetrust.com/investor-relations/email-alerts/. The contents of our website and any alerts are not, however, a part of this report. 
 
 5 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to stockholders. You should carefully consider the following risk factors identified in or incorporated by reference into any other documents filed by us with the SEC in evaluating our company and our business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our stock could decline. The risk factors described below are not the only risks that may affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us also may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks related to: 
 
 Risks Related to Our Investment Strategy and Our Businesses 
 
 We may be unable to operate our business successfully or generate sufficient revenue to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders. 
 If we fail to develop, enhance and implement strategies to adapt to changing conditions in the mortgage industry and capital markets, our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholder may be adversely affected. 
 We may change our target assets, investment or financing strategies and other operational policies without stockholder consent, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 The ongoing outbreak of COVID-19 could have an adverse impact on our financial performance and results of operations. 
 Our floating-rate commercial mortgage loans are subject to various risks, such as interest rate risk, prepayment risk, real estate risk and credit risk. 
 Transitional mortgage loans involve greater risk than conventional mortgage loans. 
 An increase in interest rates may cause a decrease in the volume of certain of our target assets, which could adversely affect our ability to acquire assets that satisfy our investment objectives and to generate income and make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Increases in interest rates typically adversely affect the value of certain of our investments and cause our interest expense to increase, which could result in reduced earnings or losses and negatively affect our profitability as well as the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 The planned discontinuation of LIBOR may affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to LIBOR and could affect our results of operations and financial results. 
 Our real estate investments are subject to risks particular to real property. These risks may result in a reduction or elimination of, or return from, a loan secured by a particular property. 
 We may invest or spend the net proceeds for our equity or debt offerings in ways with which our investors may not agree and in ways that may not earn a profit. 
 Changes in laws and regulations governing our operations, changes in the interpretation thereof or newly enacted laws or regulations and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations, could require changes in certain of business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, subject us to increased competition or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Financing and Hedging 
 
 Our strategy involves leverage, which may amplify losses and there is no specific limit on the amount of leverage we may use. 
 We may incur significant additional debt in the future, which will subject us to increased risk of loss and may reduce cash available for distributions to our stockholders. 
 There can be no assurance that our Manager will be able to prevent mismatches in the maturities of our assets and liabilities. 
 Lenders generally require us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to our operations. 
 An increase in our borrowing costs relative to the interest that we receive on investments in our mortgage related investments may adversely affect our profitability and cash available for distributions to our stockholders. 
 We have utilized and may utilize in the future non-recourse securitizations to finance our loans and investments, which may expose us to risks that could result in losses. 
 Our loans and investments may be subject to fluctuations in interest rates that may not be adequately protected, or protected at all, by our hedging strategies. 
 
 Risks Associated with Our Relationship with Our Manager 
 
 Our board of directors has approved very broad investment guidelines for our Manager and will not approve each investment and financing decision made by our Manager. 
 We are dependent on our Manager and its key personnel for our success. 
 There are conflicts of interest in our relationship with ORIX, including with our Manager and in the allocation of investment opportunities to ORIX affiliates and us, which could result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Securities 
 
 An increase in interest rates may have an adverse effect on the market price of our stock and our abilities to make distributions to stockholders. 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level on our common stock and we cannot assure you of our ability to make distributions in the future, or that our board of directors will not reduce distributions in the future regardless of such ability. 
 Future offerings of debt or equity securities that rank senior to our common stock may adversely the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 
 Because of their significant ownership of our common stock, Lument Investment Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of our Manager, and Hunt Investors (as described herein) have the ability to influence the outcome of matters that require a vote of stockholders, including change of control. 
 Stockholders have limited control over changes in our policies and procedures. 
 Maintenance of our exclusion from the Investment Company Act will impose limits on our business. 
 6 

Ownership limitations may restrict change of control or business combination opportunities in which our stockholders might receive a premium for their shares. 
 
 Tax Risks 
 
 If we failed to qualify as a REIT, we would be taxed at corporate rates and would not be able to take certain deductions when computing our taxable income. 
 If we failed to qualify as a REIT, we may default on our current financing facilities and be required to liquidate our assets, and we may face delays or inabilities to procure future financing. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities and may require us to dispose of our target assets sooner than originally anticipated. 
 Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Code. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Investment Strategies and Our Businesses 
 
 We may not be able to operate our businesses successfully or generate sufficient revenue to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to operate our businesses successfully or implement our operating policies and strategies. Our Manager may not be able to successfully execute our investment and financing strategies as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could result in a loss of some or all of your investment. Our results of operations depend on several factors, including our Manager's ability to execute on our investment and financing strategies, the availability of opportunities for the acquisition of target assets, the level and volatility of interest rates, the availability of adequate short and long-term financing, conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions. Our revenues will depend, in large part, on our Manager's ability to execute on our investment and financing strategies, and our ability to acquire assets at favorable spreads over our borrowing costs. If our Manager is unable to execute on our investment and financing strategies, or we are unable to acquire assets that generate favorable spreads, our results of operations may be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our ability to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We seek to generate current income and attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholder. However, the assets that we acquire may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value, and the assets that we acquire may experience defaults of interest and/or principal payments. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains or income from our assets. Any income that we do realize may not be sufficient to offset other losses that we experience. 
 
 If we fail to develop, enhance and implement strategies to adapt to changing conditions in the mortgage industry and capital markets, our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected. 
 
 The manner in which we compete and the products for which we compete are affected by changing conditions, which can take the form of trends or sudden changes in our industry, regulatory environment, changes in the role of GSEs, changes in the role of credit rating agencies or their rating criteria or process, or the U.S. economy more generally. If we do not effectively respond to these changes, or if our strategies to respond to these changes are not successful, our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected. 
 
 We may change our target assets, investment or financing strategies and other operational policies without stockholder consent, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We may change any of our strategies, policies or procedures with respect to investments, acquisitions, growth, operations, indebtedness, capitalization, distributions, financing strategy and leverage at any time without the consent of our stockholders, which could result in an investment portfolio with a different, and possibly greater, risk profile. A change in our target assets, investment strategy or guidelines, financing strategy or other operational policies may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk and real estate market fluctuations. Furthermore, a change in our asset allocation could result in our making investments in asset categories different from those described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, our charter provides that our board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interests to maintain our REIT qualification. These changes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Our portfolio of assets may be concentrated in terms of credit risk. 
 
 Although as a general policy we seek to acquire and hold a diverse portfolio of assets, we are not required to observe specific diversification criteria, except as may be set forth in the investment guidelines adopted by our board of directors. Therefore, our asset portfolio may at times be concentrated in certain property types that are subject to higher risk of foreclosure or secured by properties concentrated in a limited number of geographic locations. To the extent that our portfolio is concentrated in any one region or type of security, downturns relating generally to such region or type of security may result in defaults on a number of our assets within a short time period, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Our portfolio may contain other concentrations of risk, and we may fail to identify, detect or hedge against those risks, resulting in large or unexpected losses. Lack of diversification can increase the correlation of non-performance and foreclosure risks among our investments. 
 
 The ongoing outbreak of COVID-19 could have an adverse impact on our financial performance and results of operations. 
 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has rapidly evolved around the globe, with countries, at various times, taking meaningful measures to limit the spread of the virus by instituting quarantines or lockdowns, imposing travel restrictions and vaccination mandates for certain workers or activities and limiting operations of certain non-essential businesses. While restrictions have eased and the global economy has largely re-opened, many medical and public health experts believe that COVID-19 could perpetually reoccur for years, such as seasonally in winter, and even if generally ceasing to be fatal for most people, such reoccurrence could increase the possibility of periods of increased restrictions on business operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted global supply chains, contributed to increased inflation, increased rates of unemployment and adversely impacted many industries, including industries related to the collateral underlying certain of our loans. 
 
 In 2021 and 2022, the global economy has, with certain setbacks, begun reopening, and wider distribution of vaccines will likely encourage greater economic activity. While vaccine availability, and uptake has increased, the longer term macro-economic effects of the pandemic continue to impact many industries, including those of certain of LFT's borrowers, and the market turmoil and other changes associated with the pandemic may have lasting effects on 
 7 

our business and operations. In particular, the increase in remote working arrangements in response to the pandemic has contributed, and may further contribute, to a decline in commercial real estate values and reduced demand for commercial real estate compared to pre-pandemic levels, which may adversely impact certain of LFT's borrowers and may persist even as the pandemic continues to subside. 
 
 Although it is impossible to predict with certainty the potential full magnitude of the business and economic ramification of the pandemic, COVID-19 has impacted, and may further impact our business in various ways, including but not limited to: 
 
 the inability of our borrowers' tenants to pay rent on their leases, which inability, if extreme, could cause our borrowers to default on their loans and could cause us to: (i) no longer be able to pay dividends at our current rates or at all in order to preserve liquidity and (ii) be unable to meet our debt obligations to lenders to satisfy our debt covenants, which could cause us to have to sell our investments or refinance our debt on unattractive terms; 
 a severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deterioration in credit and financing conditions may affect our ability to access capital necessary to fund our investments at attractive interest rates, or at all, and may adversely affect the valuation of financial assets and liabilities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 
 uncertainties created by the COVID-19 pandemic may make it difficult to estimate provisions for loan losses; 
 deterioration in the performance of the properties securing our investments that may, cause deterioration in the performance of our investments and, potentially, principal losses to us; 
 difficulty or delays in redeploying the proceeds from repayments of our existing investments; 
 provisions in our current and future financing agreements may require us to provide additional collateral or pay down debt; 
 economic and market conditions affecting the value of our financial instruments and the value of particular assets and liabilities; and 
 fluctuations in equity, market prices, interest rates and credit spreads limiting our ability to raise or deploy capital on a timely basis and affecting our overall liquidity. 
 
 We maintain a robust asset management relationship with our borrowers and have utilized these relationships to proactively address the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our loans secured by properties experiencing cash flow or other negative business pressures. The pandemic may result in more frequent modifications of our loans in the future and instances of default or foreclosure on assets underlying our loans. 
 
 Given the ongoing nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, at the this time we cannot reasonably estimate the magnitude of the ultimate impact that COVID-19 will have on our business, financial performance and operating results. We believe any future impact of COVID-19 on our business, financial performance and operating results will in part be significantly driven by a number of factors that we are unable to predict or control, including, for example; the severity and duration of the pandemic; the distribution and acceptance of vaccines and their impact on the timing and speed of economic recovery; the spread of new variants of the virus; the pandemic's impact on the U.S. and global economies, including concerns regarding additional surges of the pandemic or the expansion of the economic impact thereof as a result of certain jurisdictions "re-opening" or otherwise lifting certain restrictions prematurely; the availability of U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. funding programs aimed at supporting the economy during the COVID-19 pandemic, including uncertainties regarding the potential implementation of new or extended programs; the timing, scope and effectiveness of additional governmental responses to the pandemic, including the potential re-imposition of quarantines, states of emergencies, restrictions on travel, stay at-home orders, and other measures taken to curb the spread of COVID-19, and the negative impact on our financing sources, vendors and other business partners that may indirectly adversely affect us. The prolonged durations and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic could materially disrupt our business operations and negatively impact our business, financial performance and operating results. 
 
 Our floating-rate commercial mortgage loans are subject to various risks, such as interest rate risk, prepayment risk, real estate risk and credit risk. 
 
 Generally, our business model is such that rising interest rates will generally increase our net interest income, while declining rates will generally decrease our net interest income. As of December 31, 2022, 77.4 of our loans by principal balance earned a floating rate of interest indexed to one-month USD LIBOR and 22.6 of our loan by principal balance earned a floating rate of interest indexed to 30-day term SOFR, and all of our collateralized loan obligations were indexed to one-month USD LIBOR. Accordingly, our interest expense will generally increase as interest rates increase and decrease as interest rates decline. 
 
 In recent years, interest rates had remained at relatively low levels on a historical basis. However, in 2022, in light of increasing inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve increased interest rates seven times. The U.S. Federal Reserve has also indicated that it expects continued increases in 2023 and 2024. Any such increases would increase our borrowers interest payments and could result in higher borrower default rates. Such increases could also adversely affect commercial real estate property values. 
 
 As discussed below under "The planned discontinuation of LIBOR or the selection of a replacement for LIBOR may affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to LIBOR and could affect our results operations and financial results," one-month USD LIBOR will cease to be published after June 30, 2023. Loans originated by the Manager or its affiliates as of January 1, 2022 or that have been acquired or may be acquired by us have been indexed to the 30-day tenor CME Term SOFR. With respect to loans originated prior to such date, all loans have index fallback language that, when USD LIBOR ceases to be published (a) follows the Alternative Reference Rate Committee ("ARRC") recommendation for replacement floating rate index (noting the ARRC already identifies SOFR as the recommended replacement index), or (b) allows Lender discretion to identify the appropriate replacement index, to the extent reasonably possible, calculated in substantially the same manner and upon the same economic basis as one-month USD LIBOR. We expect to complete the process of converting our LIBOR-based loans and CLO liabilities to term SOFR during the second quarter of 2023 in advance of the June 30, 2023 phase-out date for LIBOR. 
 
 We are subject to prepayment risk associated with the terms of our CLOs. Due to the generally short-term nature of transitional floating rate-commercial mortgage loans, our CLOs include a reinvestment period during which principal repayments and prepayments on our commercial mortgage loans may be reinvested in similar assets, subject to meeting certain eligibility criteria. While the interest-rate spreads of our collateralized loan obligations are fixed until they are repaid, the terms, including spreads, of newly originated loans are subject to uncertainty based on a variety of factors, including market and competitive conditions. To the extent that such conditions result in lower spreads on the assets in which we reinvest, we may be subject to a reduction in interest income in the future. It is expected that in 2023 the U.S. Federal Reserve will continue raise benchmark overnight interest rates. Any such increases would increase our borrowers interest payments and for certain borrowers may lead to defaults and losses to us. Such increases could also adversely affect CRE property values. 
 
 The market values of commercial mortgage assets are subject to volatility and may be adversely affected by real estate risks, including, but not limited to, national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors); local real estate conditions; 
 8 

changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; and retroactive changes to building or similar codes. In addition, decreases in property values reduce the value of the collateral and potential proceeds available to a borrower to repay the underlying loans, which could also cause us to suffer losses. 
 
 Our commercial mortgage loans and other investments are also subject to credit risk. The performance and value of our loans and other investments depend upon the sponsor's ability to operate properties that serve as our collateral so that they produce cash flows adequate to pay interest and principal to us. To monitor this risk, the Manager's asset management team reviews our portfolio and maintains regular contact with borrowers, co-lenders and local market experts to monitor the performance of the underlying collateral, anticipate borrower, property and market issues and, to the extent necessary or appropriate, enforce our rights as lender. 
 
 Transitional mortgage loans involve greater risk than conventional mortgage loans. 
 
 The typical borrower in a transitional mortgage loan has usually identified an asset which the borrower believes is undervalued or that has been under-managed, or is undergoing a repositioning plan including a potential capital improvement. If the market in which the asset is located fails to perform according to the borrower's projections, or if the borrower fails to improve the quality of the asset's management and/or value of the asset, the borrower may not receive a sufficient return on the asset to satisfy the transitional mortgage loan, and we bear the risk that we may not recover some or all of our investment. 
 
 In addition, borrowers typically use the proceeds of a conventional mortgage to repay a transitional mortgage loan. Transitional mortgage loans therefore are subject to the risk of a borrower's inability to obtain permanent financing to repay the transitional mortgage loan. Risks of cost overruns and renovations of properties in transition may result in significant losses. The renovation, refurbishment or expansion of a property by a borrower involves risks of cost overruns and non-completion. Estimates of the costs of improvements to bring an acquired property up to the standards established for the market position intended for the property may prove inaccurate. Other risks may include rehabilitation costs exceeding original estimates, possibly making a project uneconomical, environmental risks, delays in legal and other approvals (e.g., for condominiums) and rehabilitation and subsequent leasing of the property not being completed on schedule. If such renovation is not completed in a timely manner, or if it costs more than expected, the borrower may experience a prolonged impairment of net operating income and may not be able to make payments on our investment on a timely basis or at all. In the event of any default under transitional mortgage loans that may be held by us, we bear the risk of loss of principal and non-payment of interest and fees to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the mortgage collateral and the principal amount and unpaid interest on the transitional loan. To the extent we suffer such losses with respect to these transitional mortgage loans, it could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 An increase in interest rates may cause a decrease in the volume of certain of our target assets, which could adversely affect our ability to acquire assets that satisfy our investment objectives and to generate income and make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 In recent years, interest rates had remained at relatively low levels on a historical basis. However, in 2022, in light of increasing inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve increased interest rates seven times. The U.S. Federal Reserve has also indicated that it expects continued increases in 2023 and 2024. Any such increases would increase our borrowers interest payments and could result in higher borrower default rates. Such increases could also adversely affect commercial real estate property values. 
 
 Rising interest rates generally reduce the demand for mortgage loans due to the higher cost of borrowing. A reduction in the volume of mortgage loans originated may affect the volume of transitional floating-rate multifamily and CRE loans and other mortgage related investments available to us, which could adversely affect our ability to acquire assets that satisfy our investment objectives. Rising interest rates may also cause our assets that were issued prior to an interest rate increase to provide yields that are below prevailing market interest rates. If rising interest rates cause us to be unable to acquire a sufficient volume of transitional floating-rate multifamily and CRE loans and other mortgage related investments with a yield that is above our borrowing cost, our ability to satisfy our investment objectives and to generate income and make distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected. 
 
 The relationship between short-term and longer-term interest rates is often referred to as the "yield curve." Ordinarily, short-term interest rates are lower than longer-term interest rates. If short-term interest rates rise disproportionately relative to longer-term interest rates (a flattening of the yield curve), our borrowing costs may increase more rapidly than the interest income earned on our assets. Because some of our future investments may bear interest based on longer-term rates than our borrowings, a flattening of the yield curve would tend to decrease our net income and the market value of our net assets. Additionally, to the extent cash flows from investments that return scheduled and unscheduled principal are reinvested, the spread between the yields on the new investments and available borrowing rates may decline, which would likely decrease our net income. It is also possible that short-term interest rates may exceed longer-term interest rates (a yield curve inversion), in which event our borrowing costs may exceed our interest income and we could incur operating losses. Given the current state of the U.S. economy due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, there can be no guarantee that the yield curve will not become and/or remain inverted. 
 
 Increases in interest rates typically adversely affect the value of certain of our investments and cause our interest expense to increase, which could result in reduced earnings or losses and negatively affect our profitability as well as the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 We invest in transitional multifamily and other CRE loans, as well as other mortgage related investments. In a normal yield curve environment, an investment in the fixed-rate component of such assets will generally decline in value if future long-term interest rates increase. Declines in market value may ultimately reduce earnings or result in losses to us, which may negatively affect cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 A significant risk associated with our target assets is the risk that both long-term and short-term interest rates will increase significantly. If long-term rates increased significantly, the market value of these investments would decline, and the duration and weighted average life of the investments would increase. We could realize a loss if the securities were sold. At the same time, an increase in short-term interest rates would increase the amount of interest owed on any repurchase agreements we may enter into. 
 
 Our business model is such that rising interest rates will generally increase our net interest income, while declining rates will generally decrease our net interest income. As of December 31, 2022, 100 of our loans by unpaid principal balance earned a floating rate of interest and were financed with liabilities that require interest payments based on floating rates, which resulted in an amount of net equity that is positively correlated to rising interest rates. 
 
 Market values of our investments may decline without any general increase in interest rates for a number of reasons, such as increases or expected increases in defaults, or increases or expected increases in voluntary prepayments for those investments that are subject to prepayment risk or widening of credit spreads. 
 
 9 

In addition, in a period of rising interest rates, our operating results will depend in large part on the difference between the income from our assets and our financing costs. We anticipate that, in most cases, the income from such assets will respond more slowly to interest rate fluctuations than the cost of our borrowings. Consequently, changes in interest rates, particularly short-term interest rates, may significantly influence our net income. Increases in these rates will tend to decrease our net income and market value of our assets. 
 
 The planned discontinuation of LIBOR may affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to LIBOR and could affect our results of operations and financial results. 
 
 On July 27, 2017, and in a subsequent speech by its chief executive on July 12, 2018, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, confirmed that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021. On March 5, 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA"), the LIBOR administrator, and the FCA issued an announcement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of the LIBOR benchmarks. For one-month USD LIBOR, this will occur immediately after June 30, 2023; however, in November 2022 the FCA announced a public consultation regarding whether it should compel the IBA to continue publishing "synthetic" USD LIBOR settings from June 2023 to the end of September 2024. Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, was signed into law in the U.S. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for financial contracts maturing after June 30, 2023 that do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provision. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose a replacement rate recommended by the Federal Reserve. In addition, U.S. banking regulators have made clear that USD LIBOR originations are not permitted after December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions convened by the Federal Reserve, has recommended SOFR as a more robust reference rate alternative to USD LIBOR. The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. adopted fallback language for USD LIBOR-referencing derivatives contracts that provides for SOFR as the primary replacement rate in the event of a LIBOR cessation. SOFR is calculated based on overnight transactions under repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. SOFR is observed on a daily basis and backward looking, which stands in contrast with LIBOR under the current methodology, which is an estimated forward-looking rate for specified tenors. Due to SOFR being a secured rate backed by government securities, it does not take into account bank credit risk (as is the case with LIBOR). SOFR is therefore likely to be lower than LIBOR and is less likely to correlate with the funding costs of financial institutions. As a result, parties may seek to adjust spreads relative to such reference rate in underlying contractual arrangements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 22.6 and 77.4 of our loans by principal amount were indexed to SOFR and USD LIBOR, respectively; and 100 of our outstanding floating rate arrangements bear interest indexed to USD LIBOR. All of our USD LIBOR-based arrangements provide procedures for determining an alternative base rate in the event that LIBOR is discontinued. Regardless, there can be no assurances as to what additional alternative base rates may be and whether such base rate will be more or less favorable than USD LIBOR and any other unforeseen impacts of the potential discontinuation of USD LIBOR. Any changes , reforms or replacements relating to USD LIBOR could increase our interest expense and could have an adverse impact on the market for or value of any USD LIBOR-linked securities, loans, derivatives and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us on our overall financial condition or results of operations. In addition, there could be a mismatch between the timing of adjusting floating base rate from USD LIBOR to an alternative base rate upon the discontinuation of USD LIBOR, between our financing arrangements and our loan investments, which may have an immediate and significant adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows and the market value of our investments. We are monitoring the developments with respect to the planned discontinuation of LIBOR and are working with our borrowers to minimize the impact of the USD LIBOR transition on our financial condition and results of operations, but can provide no assurances regarding the impact of the discontinuation of USD LIBOR. 
 
 Our real estate investments are subject to risks particular to real property. These risks may result in a reduction or elimination of, our return from, a loan secured by a particular property. 
 
 Real estate investments are subject to various risks, including: 
 
 adverse changes in national and local economic and market conditions; 
 changes in governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance with laws and regulations, fiscal policies and ordinances; 
 costs of remediation and liabilities associated with environmental conditions such as indoor mold; 
 the potential for uninsured or under-insured property losses 
 acts of GOD, including earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters, which may result in uninsured losses; 
 acts of war or terrorism, including the consequences of terrorist attacks; and 
 social unrest and civil disturbances 
 
 In the event any of these or similar events occurs, we may not realize our anticipated return on our investments and we may incur a loss on these investments. The ability of a borrower to repay these loans or other financial assets is dependent upon the income or assets of these borrowers. 
 
 The impact of any future terrorist attacks, the occurrence of a natural disaster, a significant climate change, health concerns regarding pandemic diseases or changes in laws and regulations expose us to certain risks. 
 
 Terrorist attacks, the anticipation of any such attacks, and the consequences of any military or other response by the United States and its allies may have an adverse impact on the U.S. financial markets and the economy in general. We cannot predict the severity of the effect that any such future events would have on the U.S. financial markets, the economy or our business. Any future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the credit quality of some of our loans and investments. Some of our loans and investments will be more susceptible to such adverse effects than others, particularly those secured by properties in major cities or properties that are prominent landmarks or public attractions. We may suffer losses as a result of the adverse impact of any future terrorist attacks and these losses may adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 Moreover, the enactment of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, or TRIA, requires insurers to make terrorism insurance available under their property and casualty insurance policies and provides federal compensation to insurers for insured losses. TRIA was scheduled to expire at the end of 2020 but was reauthorized, with some adjustments to its provisions, in December 2019 for seven years through December 31, 2027. However, this legislation does not regulate the pricing of such insurance and there is no assurance that this legislation will be extended beyond 2027. The absence of affordable insurance coverage may adversely affect the general real estate lending market, lending volume and the market s overall liquidity and may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us and the pace at which we are able to make investments. If the properties that we invest in are unable to obtain 
 10 

affordable insurance coverage, the value of those investments could decline and in the event of an uninsured loss, we could lose all or a portion of our investment. 
 
 In addition, the occurrence of a natural disaster (such as an earthquake, tornado, hurricane, or a flood) or a significant adverse climate change may cause a sudden decrease in the value of real estate in the area or areas affected and would likely reduce the value of the properties securing debt instruments that we purchase. Because certain natural disasters are not typically covered by the standard hazard insurance policies maintained by borrowers, the affected borrowers may have to pay for any repairs themselves. Borrowers may decide not to repair their property or may stop paying their mortgages under those circumstances. This would likely cause defaults and credit loss severities to increase. 
 
 The occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, such as coronavirus, or other widespread health emergency (or concerns over the possibility of such emergency) could create economic and financial disruptions, and could lead to operational difficulties that could impair our ability to manage our business. 
 
 Lack of diversification in the number of assets we acquire would increase our dependence on relatively few individual assets. 
 
 Our management objectives and policies do not place a limit on the size of the amount of capital used to support, or the exposure to (by any other measure), any individual asset or any group of assets with similar characteristics or risks. In addition, because we are a small company, we may be unable to sufficiently deploy capital into a number of assets or asset groups. As a result, our portfolio may be concentrated in a small number of assets or may be otherwise undiversified, increasing the risk of loss and the magnitude of potential losses to us and our stockholders if one or more of these assets perform poorly. 
 
 Investments in non-conforming and non-investment grade rated CRE loans or securities involve increased risk of loss. 
 
 Certain CRE debt investments may not conform to conventional loan standards applied by traditional lenders and either will not be rated (as is typically the case for private loans) or will be rated as non-investment grade by the rating agencies. Private loans often are not rated by credit rating agencies. Non-investment grade ratings typically result from the overall leverage of the loans, the lack of a strong operating history for the properties underlying the loans, the borrowers credit history, the underlying properties cash flow or other factors. As a result, these investments should be expected to have a higher risk of default and loss than investment-grade rated assets. Any loss we incur may be significant and may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. There are no limits on the percentage of unrated or non-investment grade rated assets we may hold in our investment portfolio. 
 
 We may invest in transitional multifamily loans, CRE loans, CRE debt securities and other similar structured finance investments, which are secured by income producing properties. Such loans are typically made to single-asset entities, and the repayment of the loan is dependent principally on the net operating income from the performance and value of the underlying property. The volatility of income performance results and property values may adversely affect our transitional multifamily loans, CRE loans and CRE debt securities and similar structured finance investments. 
 
 Our transitional multifamily and CRE loans are secured by the underlying commercial property and, in each case are subject to risks of delinquency, foreclosure and loss. Transitional multifamily loans, CRE loans, CRE debt securities and other similar structured finance investments generally have a higher principal balance and the ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by an income-producing property typically is dependent upon the successful operation of the property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. Net operating income of an income-producing property can be affected by, among other things: tenant mix, success of tenant businesses, property management decisions, property location and condition, competition from comparable types of properties, changes in laws that increase operating expenses or limit rents that may be charged, any need to address environmental contamination at the property, changes in national, regional or local economic conditions and/or specific industry segments, declines in regional or local real estate values and declines in regional or local rental or occupancy rates, increases in interest rates, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses, changes in governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including environmental and/or tax legislation, and acts of God, terrorism, social unrest and civil disturbances. 
 
 Multifamily and CRE property values and net operating income derived therefrom are subject to volatility and may be affected adversely by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, national, regional and local economic conditions; changes in tax laws; local real estate conditions; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; perceptions by prospective tenants, retailers and shoppers of the safety, convenience, services and attractiveness of the property; the willingness and ability of the property s owner to provide capable management and adequate maintenance; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; retroactive changes to building or similar codes; and increases in operating expenses (such as energy costs). 
 
 Declines in the borrowers net operating income and/or declines in property values of collateral securing transitional multifamily loans, CRE loans or CRE debt securities and other similar structured finance investments could result in defaults on such loans, declines in our book value from reduced earnings and/or reductions to the market value of the investment. 
 
 Our target assets may include CRE loans which are funded with interest reserves and borrowers may be unable to replenish such interest reserves once they run out. 
 
 We invest in transitional CRE and we expect that borrowers may be required to post reserves to cover interest and operating expenses until the property cash flows are projected to increase sufficiently to cover debt service costs. We may also require the borrower to replenish reserves if they become depleted due to underperformance or if the borrower wishes to exercise extension options under the loan. Revenues on the properties underlying any CRE loan investments may decrease in an economic downturn which would make it more difficult for borrowers to meet their payment obligations to us. Some borrowers may have difficulty servicing our debt and may not have sufficient capital to replenish reserves, which could have a significant impact on our operating results and cash flows. 
 
 We may not have control over certain of our loans and investments. 
 
 Our ability to manage our portfolio of loans and investments may be limited by the form in which they are made. In certain situations, we may: 
 
 acquire investments subject to rights of senior classes, special servicers or collateral managers under intercreditor, servicing agreements or securitization documents; 
 pledge our investments as collateral for financing arrangements; 
 acquire only a minority and/or non-controlling participation in an underlying investment; 
 11 

co-invest with others through partnership, joint ventures or other entities, thereby acquiring non-controlling interests; or 
 rely on independent third party management or servicing with respect to the management of an asset. 
 
 Therefore, we may not be able to exercise control over all aspects of our loans or investments. Such financial assets may involve risks not present in investments where senior creditors, junior creditors, servicers or third-party controlling investors are not involved. Our rights to control the process following a borrower default may be subject to the rights of senior or junior creditors or servicers whose interests may not be aligned with ours. A partner or co-venturer may have financial difficulties resulting in a negative impact on such asset, may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, or may be in a position to take action contrary to our investment objectives. 
 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations, changes in the interpretation thereof or newly enacted laws or regulations and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations, could require changes to certain of our business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, subject us to increased competition or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 The laws and regulations governing our operations, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to time, and new laws and regulations may be enacted. Accordingly, any change in these laws or regulations, changes in their interpretation, or newly enacted laws or regulations and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations, could require changes to certain of our business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business. For example, from time to time the market for real estate debt transactions has been adversely affected by a decrease in the availability of senior and subordinated financing for transactions, in part in response to regulatory pressures on providers of financing to reduce or eliminate their exposure to such transactions. Furthermore, if regulatory capital requirements, whether under the Dodd-Frank Act, Basel III (i.e., the framework for a comprehensive set of capital and liquidity standards for internationally active banking organizations, which was adopted in June 2011 by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, an international body comprised of senior representatives of bank supervisory authorities and central banks from 27 countries, including the United States) or other regulatory action, are imposed on private lenders that provide us with funds, or were to be imposed on us, they or we may be required to limit, or increase the cost of, financing they provide to us or that we provide to others. Among other things, this could potentially increase our financing costs, reduce our ability to originate or acquire loans and reduce our liquidity or require us to sell assets at an inopportune time or price. 
 
 Various laws and regulations currently exist that restrict the investment activities of banks and certain other financial institutions but do not apply to us, which we believe creates opportunities for us to participate in certain investments that are not available to these more regulated institutions. Any deregulation of the financial industry, including by amending the Dodd-Frank Act, may decrease the restrictions on banks and other financial institutions and would create more competition for investment opportunities that were previously not available to the financial industry. For example, in 2018, a bill was signed into law that eased the regulation and oversight of certain banks under the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 
 There has been increasing commentary amongst regulators and intergovernmental institutions on the role of nonbank institutions in providing credit and, particularly, so-called shadow banking, a term generally taken to refer to credit intermediation involving entities and activities outside the regulated banking system. For example, in August 2013, the Financial Stability Board issued a policy framework for strengthening oversight and regulation of shadow banking entities. The report outlined initial steps to define the scope of the shadow banking system and proposed general governing principles for a monitoring and regulatory framework. A number of other regulators, such as the Federal Reserve, and international organizations, such as the International Organization of Securities Commissions, are studying the shadow banking system. At this time, it is too early to assess whether any rules or regulations will be proposed or to what extent any finalized rules or regulations will have on the nonbank lending market. If rules or regulations were to extend to us or our affiliates the regulatory and supervisory requirements, such as capital and liquidity standards, currently applicable to banks, then the regulatory and operating costs associated therewith could adversely impact the implementation of our investment strategy and our returns. In an extreme eventuality, it is possible that such regulations could render the continued operation of our company unviable. 
 
 In the United States, the process established by the Dodd-Frank Act for designation of systemically important nonbank firms has provided a means for ensuring that the perimeter of prudential regulation can be extended as appropriate to cover large shadow banking institutions. The Dodd-Frank Act established the Financial Stability Oversight Council (the FSOC ), which is comprised of representatives of all the major U.S. financial regulators, to act as the financial system s systemic risk regulator. The FSOC has the authority to review the activities of nonbank financial companies predominantly engaged in financial activities and designate those companies as systematically important financial institutions SIFIs for supervision by the Federal Reserve. Such designation is applicable to companies where material distress or failure could pose risk to the financial stability of the United States. On December 18, 2014, the FSOC released a notice seeking public comment on the potential risks posed by aspects of the asset management industry, including whether asset management products and activities may pose potential risks to the U.S. financial system in the areas of liquidity and redemptions, leverage, operational functions, and resolution, or in other areas. On April 18, 2016, the FSOC released an update on its multi-year review of asset management products and activities and created an interagency working group to assess potential risks associated with certain leveraged funds. On December 4, 2019, the FSOC issued final guidance regarding the FSOC s procedures for designating nonbank financial companies as SIFIs. This guidance implemented a number of reforms to the FSOC s prior SIFI designation approach by shifting from an entity-based approach to an activities-based approach whereby the FSOC will primarily focus on regulating activities that pose systematic risk to the financial stability of the United States, rather than designations of individual firms. Under the guidance, designation of a nonbank financial company as a SIFI would only occur if the FSOC determined that the expected benefits justify the expected costs of the designation. While the impact of this guidance cannot be known at this time, increased regulation of nonbank credit extension could negatively impact our operations, cash flows or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, intensify the regulatory supervision of us or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 The U.K. s exit from the E.U. could adversely affect us. 
 
 The United Kingdom left the E.U. on January 31, 2020. On May 1, 2021, the E.U.-U.K. Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the TCA became effective. The TCA provides the United Kingdom and E.U. members with preferential access to each other s markets, without tariffs or quotas on imported products between the jurisdictions, provided that certain rules of origin requirements are complied with. However, economic relations between the United Kingdom and the E.U. will now be on more restricted terms than existed prior to Brexit. The long-term effects of Brexit are expected to depend on, among other things, any agreements the U.K. has made, or makes to retain access to E.U. markets. Brexit could adversely affect European or worldwide economic or market conditions and could contribute to instability in global financial and real estate markets. In addition, Brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the U.K. determines which E.U. laws to replace or replicate. Any of these effects of Brexit, and others we cannot anticipate, could adversely affect our business, business opportunities, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Likewise, similar actions taken by other European and other countries in which we operate could have a similar or even more profound impact. 
 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing the operations of borrowers could affect our returns with respect to those borrowers. 
 
 12 

Government counterparties or agencies may have the discretion to change or increase regulation of a borrower s operations, or implement laws or regulations affecting a borrower s operations, separate from any contractual rights it may have. A borrower could also be materially and adversely affected as a result of statutory or regulatory changes or judicial or administrative interpretations of existing laws and regulations that impose more comprehensive or stringent requirements on such company. Governments have considerable discretion in implementing regulations, for example, the possible imposition or increase of taxes on income earned by a borrower or gains recognized by us on our investment in such borrower, that could impact a borrower s business as well as our return on our investment with respect to such borrower. Changes in government rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including increases in property taxes, changes in zoning laws and increasing costs to comply with environmental law could increase operating expenses for our borrowers. Likewise, changes in rent control or rent stabilization laws or other residential landlord/tenant laws could result in lower revenue growth or significant unanticipated expenditures for our borrowers. These initiatives and any other future enactments of rent control or rent stabilization laws or other laws regulating multifamily housing may reduce our borrowers rental revenues or increase their operating costs. Such laws and regulations may limit our borrowers ability to charge market rents, increase rents, evict tenants or recover increases in their operating costs, which may, in turn, impact our return on our investment with respect to such borrowers. 
 
 Climate change, climate change-related initiative and regulation and the increased focus on environmental, social and governance issues, may adversely affect our business and financial results and damage our reputation. 
 
 Recently, there has been growing concern from advocacy groups, governments agencies and the general public over the effects of climate change on the environment. Transition risks, such as government restrictions, standards or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and potential climate change impacts, are emerging and may increase in the future in the form of restrictions or additional requirements on the development of commercial real estate. Such restrictions and requirements could increase our costs or require additional technology and capital investments by our borrowers, which could adversely affect our results of operations. This is a particular concern in the western and northeastern United States, where some of the most extensive and stringent environmental laws and building construction standards in the U.S. have been enacted and where we have properties securing our investment portfolio. 
 
 Additionally, ESG and other sustainability matters and our response to these matters could harm our business, including in areas such as diversity, equity and inclusion, human rights, climate change and environmental stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency and considering ESG factors in our investment processes. Increasing governmental, investor and societal attention to ESG matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report. These factors may alter the environment in which we do business and may increase the ongoing costs of compliance and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to adequately address such ESG matters or we or our borrowers fail or are perceived to fail to comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretation, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results. 
 
 Further, significant physical effects of climate change including extreme weather events such as hurricanes or floods, can also have an adverse impact on certain of our borrowers' properties. As the effects of climate change increase, we expect the frequency and impact of weather and climate related events and conditions to increase as well. While the geographic distribution of our portfolio somewhat limits our physical climate risk, some physical risk is inherent in the properties of our borrowers, particularly in certain borrowers' locations and in the unknown potential for extreme weather or other events that could occur related to climate change. 
 
 We may be subject to lender liability claims, and if we are held liable under such claims, we could be subject to losses. 
 
 In recent years, a number of judicial decisions have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories, collectively termed "lender liability." Generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has either violated a duty, whether implied or contractual, of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or stockholders. We cannot assure prospective investors that such claims will not arise or that we will not be subject to significant liability if a claim of this type did arise. 
 
 Our investments in commercial mortgage backed securities, CLOs and other similar structured finance investments, as well as those we structure, sponsor or arrange, pose additional risks, including the risks of the securitization process and the risk that the special servicer, Lument Real Estate Capital, LLC ("LREC"), an affiliate of our Manager, may take actions that could adversely affect our interests. 
 
 We have invested in, and may from time to time invest in, commercial mortgage-backed securities, including in the most subordinated classes of such commercial mortgage-backed securities, CLOs and other similar securities, which may be subordinated classes of securities in a structure of securities secured by a pool of mortgages or loans. Accordingly, such securities may be the first or among the first to bear the loss upon a restructuring or liquidation of the underlying collateral and the last to receive payment of interest and principal, with only a nominal amount of equity or other debt securities junior to such positions. The estimated fair values of such subordinated interests tend to be much more sensitive to adverse economic downturns and underlying borrower developments than more senior securities. A projection of an economic downturn, for example, could cause a decline in the price of lower credit quality commercial mortgage-backed securities or CLOs because the ability of borrowers to make principal and interest payments on the mortgages or loans underlying such securities may be impaired. 
 
 Interests such as commercial mortgage-backed securities, CLOs and similar structured finance investments generally are not actively traded and are relatively illiquid investments. Volatility in commercial mortgage-backed securities and CLO trading markets may cause the value of these investments to decline. In addition, if the underlying mortgage portfolio has been overvalued by the originator, or if the values subsequently decline and, as a result, less collateral value is available to satisfy interest and principal payments and any other fees in connection with the trust or other conduit arrangement for such securities, we may incur significant losses. 
 
 With respect to the commercial mortgage-backed securities and CLOs in which we have invested and may invest in the future, overall control over the special servicing of the related underlying mortgage loans will be exercised by LREC or another special servicer or collateral manager designated by a "directing certificate holder" or a "controlling class representative," which is appointed by the holders of the most subordinated class of commercial mortgage-backed securities in such series. Unless we acquire the subordinate classes of existing series of commercial mortgage-backed securities and CLOs, we will not have the right to appoint the directing certificate holder. In connection with the servicing of the specially serviced mortgage loans, the related special servicer may, at the direction of the directing certificate holder, take actions with respect to the specially serviced mortgage loans that could adversely affect our interests. 
 13 

If the loans that we originate or acquire do not comply with applicable laws, we may be subject to penalties, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Loans that we may originate or acquire may be directly or indirectly subject to U.S. federal, state or local governmental laws. Real estate lenders and borrowers may be responsible for compliance with a wide range of laws intended to protect the public interest, including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending, Equal Credit Opportunity, Fair Housing and American with Disabilities Acts and local zoning laws (including, but not limited to, zoning laws that allow permitted non-conforming uses). If we or any other person fails to comply with such laws in relation to a loan that we have originated or acquired, legal penalties may be imposed, which could materially and adversely affect us. Additionally, jurisdictions with "one action," "security first" and/or "antideficiency rules" may limit our ability to foreclose on a real property or to realize on obligations secured by a real property. In the future, new laws may be enacted or imposed by U.S. federal, state or local governmental entities, and such laws could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock may be negatively affected. 
 
 As a public company, we are required to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. In addition, we are required to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Once we are no longer a smaller reporting company, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting on an annual basis. The process of designing, implementing and testing the internal controls over financial reporting required to comply with this obligation is time consuming, costly and complicated. If we identify a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner or to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting is effective or if, once we are no longer a smaller reporting company, our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. We could also become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 
 We depend on our accounting services provider for assistance with the preparation of our financial statements, access to appropriate accounting technology and assistance with portfolio valuation. 
 
 Pursuant to our agreement with SS C Technologies ("SS C"), SS C currently maintains our general ledger and all related accounting records, reconciles all broker and custodial statements we routinely receive, provides us with monthly portfolio, cash and position reports, assists us with portfolio valuations, prepares draft quarterly financial statements for our review and provides us with access to data and technology services to facilitate the preparation of our annual financial statements. If our agreement with SS C were to be terminated and no suitable replacement can be timely engaged, we may not be able to timely and accurately prepare our financial statements. 
 
 We may be required to make servicing advances and may be exposed to a risk of loss if such advances become non-recoverable and such advances and risk could adversely affect our liquidity or cash flow. 
 
 In connection with securitization transactions wherein Five Oaks Acquisition Corp. ("FOAC") sold mortgage loans to the securitization trust and holds the MSRs with respect to those mortgage loans, FOAC entered into sub-servicing agreements with two sub-servicers. Pursuant to the terms of the sub-servicing agreements, FOAC is required to refund or to fund any servicing advances that are obligated to be made by the sub-servicers. FOAC is therefore exposed to the potential loss of any servicing advance that becomes non-recoverable. Such advances and exposure going forward could adversely affect our liquidity or cash flow during a financial period. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities and competition may limit our ability to acquire desirable investments in assets we target and could also affect the pricing of these securities. 
 
 We are engaged in a competitive business. In our investing activities, we compete for opportunities with a variety of institutional investors, including other REITs, specialty finance companies, public and private funds (including other funds managed by Lument IM and its affiliates), commercial and investment banks, commercial finance and insurance companies and other financial institutions. Several other REITs and other investment vehicles have raised significant amounts of capital, and may have investment objectives that overlap with ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and broader access to funding sources, such as the U.S. Government, that are not available to us. Many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REIT compliance or maintenance of an exclusion from regulation under the Investment Company Act. We could face increased competition from banks due to future legislative developments, such as amendments to key provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, including, provisions setting forth capital and risk retention requirements. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of loans and investments and offer more attractive pricing or other terms than we would. Furthermore, competition for investments we target may lead to decreasing yields, which may further limit our ability to generate targeted returns. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Also, as a result of this competition, desirable investments in these assets may be limited in the future and we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, as we can provide no assurance that we will be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objectives. 
 
 A prolonged economic recession and declining real estate values could impair our assets and harm our operations. 
 
 The risks associated with our business are more severe during economic recessions and are compounded by declining real estate values. The transitional multifamily and other CRE loans in which we may invest will be particularly sensitive to these risks. Declining real estate values will likely reduce the level of new mortgage loan originations since borrowers often use appreciation in the value of their existing properties to support the purchase of additional properties. Borrowers will also be less able to pay principal and interest on loans underlying the securities in which we invest if the value of residential real estate weakens further. Further, declining real estate values significantly increase the likelihood that we will incur losses on the transitional multifamily and other CRE loans in the event of default because the value of collateral on the mortgages underlying such securities may be insufficient to cover the outstanding principal amount of the loan. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 

14 

The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 
 
 We acquire assets that are not liquid or publicly traded. A lack of liquidity may result from the absence of a willing buyer or an established market for these assets, as well as legal or contractual restrictions on resale or the unavailability of financing for these assets. In addition, mortgage-related assets generally experience periods of illiquidity. Further, validating third-party pricing for illiquid assets may be more subjective than for liquid assets. Any illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if the need or desire arises. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our investments. Further, we may face other restrictions on our ability to liquidate an investment in a business entity to the extent that we or our Manager has or could be attributed with material, non-public information regarding such business entity. If we are unable to sell our assets at favorable prices or at all, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Assets that are illiquid are more difficult to finance, and to the extent that we use leverage to finance assets that become illiquid, we may lose that leverage or have it reduced. Assets tend to become less liquid during times of financial stress, which is often the time that liquidity is most needed. As a result, our ability to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be relatively limited, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Our investment in CRE debt securities and other similar structured finance investments may be subject to losses. 
 
 We may acquire CRE debt securities and other similar structured finance investments. In general, losses on a mortgaged property securing a mortgage loan included in a securitization will be borne first by the equity holder of the property, then by a cash reserve fund or letter of credit, if any, then by the holder of a mezzanine loan or B-Note, if any, then by the "first loss" subordinated security holder and then by the holder of a higher-rated security. In the event of default and the exhaustion of any equity support, reserve fund, letter of credit, mezzanine loans or B-Notes, and any classes of securities junior to those in which we invest, we will not be able to recover all of our investment in the securities we purchase. In addition, if the underlying mortgage portfolio has been overvalued by the originator, or if the values subsequently decline, less collateral is available to satisfy interest and principal payments due on the related CRE debt securities and other similar structured finance investments. The prices of lower credit quality securities are generally less sensitive to interest rate changes than more highly rated investments, but more sensitive to adverse economic downturns or individual issuer developments. 
 
 Provisions for loan losses are difficult to estimate 
 
 Our provision for loan losses is evaluated on a quarterly basis. The determination of our provision for loan losses requires us to make certain estimates and judgments, which may be difficult to determine. Our estimates and judgments are based on a number of factors, including assumptions regarding projected cash flow from the collateral securing our loans, capitalization rates, leasing, creditworthiness of major tenants, occupancy rates, likelihood of repayment in full at the maturity of a loan, availability of financing, exit plan, actions of other lenders and other factors deemed necessary by Management, all of which remain uncertain and are subjective. Our estimates and judgments may not be correct and, therefore, our results of operations and financial condition could be severely impacted. 
 
 A new accounting standard will likely require us to increase our allowance for loan losses and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations 
 
 In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, or ASU 2016-13. ASU 2016-13 significantly changes how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value through net income. ASU 2016-13 will replace the incurred loss model under existing guidance with a current expected credit loss, or CECL, model for instruments measure at amortized cost, and require entities to record allowances for available-for-sale debt securities rather than reduce the carrying amount, as they do under the other-than-temporary impairment model. ASU 2016-13 also simplifies the accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loan. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. 
 
 The CECL reserve required under ASU 2016-13 is a valuation account that is deducted from the related loans' and debt securities' amortized cost basis on our consolidated balance sheets, and which will reduce our total stockholders' equity. The initial CECL reserve recorded on January 1, 2023 will be reflected as a direct charge to retained earnings; however future changes to CECL reserve will be recognized through net income on our consolidated statements of operations. While ASU 2016-13 does not require any particular method for determining the CECL allowance, it does specify the allowance should be based on relevant information about past events, including historical loss experience, current portfolio and market conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts for the duration of each respective loan. Because our methodology for determining CECL may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies, our CECL allowances may not be comparable with the CECL allowances reported by other companies. In addition, other than a few narrow exceptions, ASU 2016-13 requires that all financial instruments subject to the CECL model have some amount of reserve to reflect the GAAP principal underlying the CECL model that all loans, debt securities, and similar assets have some inherent risk of loss, regardless of credit quality, subordinate capital, or other mitigating factors. Accordingly, we expect that the adoption of the CECL model will materially affect how we determine our allowance for loan losses and could require us to increase our allowance and recognize provisions for loan losses earlier in the lending cycle. Moreover, the CECL model may create more volatility in the level of our allowance for loan losses. If we are required to materially increase our level of allowance for loan losses for any reason, such increase could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our Manager's due diligence may not reveal all of the risks associated with such assets and may not reveal other weaknesses in such assets, which could lead to losses. 
 
 Before acquiring certain assets, such as transitional multifamily and other CRE loans or other mortgage-related assets, our Manager conducts (either directly or using third parties) due diligence. Such due diligence may include (1) an assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of the asset s credit profile, (2) a review of all or merely a subset of the documentation related to the asset, or (3) other reviews that we or our Manager may deem appropriate to conduct. There can be no assurance that we or our Manager will conduct any specific level of due diligence, or that, among other things, the due diligence process will uncover all relevant facts and potential liabilities or that any purchase will be successful, which could result in losses on these assets, which, in turn, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our Manager utilizes analytical models and data in connection with the valuation of certain of our assets, and any incorrect, misleading or incomplete information used in connection therewith would subject us to potential risks. 
 
 15 

Given the complexity of certain of our target assets, our Manager may rely heavily on analytical models and information and data supplied by third parties. Models and data are used to value potential target assets, potential credit risks and reserves and also in connection with hedging our acquisitions. Many of the models are based on historical trends. These trends may not be indicative of future results. Furthermore, the assumptions underlying the models may prove to be inaccurate, causing the models to also be incorrect. In the event models and data prove to be incorrect, misleading or incomplete, any decisions made in reliance thereon expose us to potential risks. For example, by relying on incorrect models and data, especially valuation models, our Manager may be induced to buy for us certain target assets at prices that are too high, to sell certain other assets at prices that are too low or to miss favorable opportunities altogether. Similarly, any hedging based on faulty models and data may prove to be unsuccessful. 
 
 Any credit ratings assigned to our investments will be subject to ongoing evaluations and revisions and we cannot assure you that those ratings will not be downgraded. 
 
 Some of our investments may be rated by Moody s Investors Service, Fitch Ratings, Standard Poor s, Kroll Bond Rating Agency, DBRS, Inc., Egan Jones, or other rating agencies. Any credit ratings on our investments are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and we cannot assure you that any such ratings will not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant. If rating agencies assign a lower-than-expected rating or reduce or withdraw, or indicate that they may reduce or withdraw, their ratings of our investments in the future, the value of these investments could significantly decline, which would adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio and could result in losses upon disposition or the failure of borrowers to satisfy their debt service obligations to us. 
 
 We may be exposed to environmental liabilities with respect to properties to which we take title. 
 
 In the course of our business, we may take title to real estate, and, if we do take title, we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. In such a circumstance, we may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination, or we may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. If we ever become subject to significant environmental liabilities, our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. 
 
 The properties underlying our CRE loans may be subject to other unknown liabilities that could adversely affect the value of these properties, and as a result, our investments. 
 
 Properties underlying our commercial real estate loans may be subject to other unknown or unquantifiable liabilities that may adversely affect the value of our investments. Such defects or deficiencies may include title defects, title disputes, liens or other encumbrances on the mortgaged properties. The discovery of such unknown defects, deficiencies and liabilities could affect the ability of our borrowers to make payments to us or could affect our ability to foreclose and sell the underlying properties, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may be affected by deficiencies in foreclosure practices of third parties, as well as related delays in the foreclosure process. 
 
 There continues to be uncertainty around the timing and ability of servicers to remove delinquent borrowers from their homes, so that they can liquidate the underlying properties and ultimately pass the liquidation proceeds through to owners of the mortgage loans. Given the magnitude of the housing crisis, and in response to the well-publicized failures of many servicers to follow proper foreclosure procedures (such as "robo-signing"), mortgage servicers are being held to much higher foreclosure-related documentation standards than they previously were. However, because many mortgages have been transferred and assigned multiple times (and by means of varying assignment procedures) throughout the origination, warehouse and securitization processes, mortgage servicers may have difficulty furnishing the requisite documentation to initiate or complete foreclosures. This leads to stalled or suspended foreclosure proceedings, and ultimately additional foreclosure-related costs. Foreclosure-related delays also tend to increase ultimate loan loss severities as a result of property deterioration, amplified legal and other costs, and other factors. Many factors delaying foreclosure, such as borrower lawsuits and judicial backlog and scrutiny, are outside of servicers control and have delayed, and will likely continue to delay, foreclosure processing in both judicial states (where foreclosures require court involvement) and non-judicial states. 
 
 We may find it necessary or desirable to foreclose on certain of the loans we acquire. Whether or not we have participated in the negotiation of the terms of any such loans, we cannot assure you as to the adequacy of the protection of the terms of the applicable loan, including the validity or enforceability of the loan and the maintenance of the anticipated priority and perfection of the applicable security interests. Furthermore, claims may be asserted by lenders or borrowers that might interfere with enforcement of our rights. Borrowers may resist foreclosure actions by asserting numerous claims, counterclaims and defenses against us, including, without limitation, lender liability claims and defenses, even when the assertions may have no basis in fact, in an effort to prolong the foreclosure action and seek to force the lender into a modification of the loan or a favorable buy-out of the borrower's position in the loan. In some states, foreclosure actions can take several years or more to litigate. A servicer s failure to remove delinquent borrowers from their homes in a timely manner could increase our costs, adversely affect the value of the property and mortgage loans and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and business. In addition, foreclosure may create a negative public perception of the collateral property, resulting in a diminution of its value. Even if we are successful in foreclosing on a mortgage loan, the liquidation proceeds upon sale of the underlying real estate may not be sufficient to recover our investment. Any costs or delays involved in the foreclosure of the loan or a liquidation of the underlying property will reduce the net proceeds realized and, thus, increase the potential for loss. 
 
 Insurance on mortgage loans and real estate securities collateral may not cover all losses. 
 
 There are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, terrorism or acts of war, which may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors, including terrorism or acts of war, also might result in insurance proceeds insufficient to repair or replace a property if it is damaged or destroyed. Under these circumstances, the insurance proceeds received with respect to a property relating to one of our investments might not be adequate to restore our economic position with respect to our investment. Any uninsured loss could result in the loss of cash flow from, and the asset value of, the affected property and the value of our investment related to such property. 
 
 The allocation of the net proceeds of any equity offering among our target assets, and the timing of the deployment of these proceeds is subject to, among other things, then prevailing market conditions and the availability of target assets. 
 
 16 

Our allocation of the net proceeds from any equity offering among our target assets is subject to our investment guidelines and maintenance of our REIT qualification. Our Manager will make determinations as to the percentage of our equity that will be invested in each of our target assets and the timing of the deployment of the net proceeds of our equity offerings. These determinations will depend on then prevailing market conditions and may change over time in response to opportunities available in different interest rate, economic and credit environments. Until appropriate assets can be identified, our Manager may decide to use the net proceeds of our offerings to pay down our short-term debt or to invest the net proceeds in interest-bearing short-term investments, including funds, which are consistent with maintenance of our REIT qualification. These investments are expected to provide a lower net return than we seek to achieve from our target assets. Prior to the time we have fully used the net proceeds of our offerings to acquire our target assets, we may fund our monthly and/or quarterly distributions out of such net proceeds. 
 
 Real estate valuation is inherently subjective and uncertain. 
 
 The valuation of real estate and therefore the valuation of any collateral underlying our loans is inherently subjective due to, among other factors, the individual nature of each property, its location, the expected future rental revenues from that particular property and the valuation methodology adopted. As a result, the valuations of the real estate assets against which we will make or acquire loans are subject to a large degree of uncertainty and are made on the basis of assumptions and methodologies that may not prove to be accurate, particularly in periods of volatility, low transaction flow or restricted debt availability in the commercial or residential real estate markets. 
 
 We may invest in CMBS which are subordinate in right of payment to more senior securities. 
 
 Our investments may include subordinated tranches of CMBS, which are a subordinated class of security in a structure of securities collateralized by a pool of mortgage loans and, accordingly, is the first or among the first to bear the loss upon a restructuring or liquidation of the underlying collateral and the last to receive payment of interest and principal. Additionally, estimated fair value of these subordinated interests tend to be more sensitive to changes in economic conditions than more senior securities. As a result, such subordinated interests generally are not actively traded and may not provide holders thereof with liquid investments. 
 
 Changes in prepayment rates may adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 Our business is primarily focused on originating, investing in, financing and managing floating-rate mortgage loans secured by multifamily properties and other CRE assets. Generally, our mortgage loan borrowers may repay their loans prior to their stated maturities. Changes in prepayment rates are difficult to predict. In periods of declining interest rates and/or credit spreads, prepayment rates on loans generally increase. If general interest rates and credit spreads decline at the same time, the proceeds of such prepayments received during such periods are likely to be reinvested in assets yielding less than than the yields on the asset that were prepaid. We may not be able to reinvest the principal repaid at the same or higher yield of the original investments. Conversely, in periods of rising interest rates, prepayments are likely to decrease and the number of our borrowers who exercise extension options, which could extend beyond the term of certain secured financing agreements we use to finance our loan investments, is likely to increase. This could have a negative impact on our results of operations, and in some situations, we may be forced to sell assets to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause us to incur losses. Prepayments can also occur when borrowers default on their mortgages and the mortgages are prepaid from the proceeds of a foreclosure sale of the property, or when borrowers sell the property and use the sale proceeds to prepay the mortgage. Prepayment rates may also be affected by conditions in the financial markets, general economic conditions and the relative interest rates on commercial mortgages, which could lead to an acceleration of the payment of the related principal. While we will seek to manage prepayment risk, in selecting our real estate investments we must balance prepayment risk against other risks, the potential returns of each investment and the cost of hedging our risks. Additionally, we are subject to prepayment risk associated with the terms of our CLOs. Due to the generally short-term nature of transitional floating-rate commercial mortgage loans, our CLOs include a reinvestment period during which principal repayments and prepayments on our commercial mortgage loans may be reinvested in similar assets, subject to meeting certain eligibility criteria. While the interest-rate spreads of our CLOs are fixed until they are repaid, the terms, including spreads, of newly originated loans are subject to uncertainty based on a variety of factors, including market and competitive conditions. To the extent that such conditions result in lower spreads on the assets in which we reinvest, we may be subject to a reduction in interest income in the future. No strategy can completely insulate us from prepayment or other such risks, and we may deliberately retain exposure to prepayment or other risks. 
 
 We are highly dependent on communications and information systems. Systems failures could significantly disrupt our operations, which may, in turn, negatively affect the market price of our equity securities and our ability to make distributions. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent on the communications and information systems of our Manager. Any failure or interruption of our Manager s systems could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the market price of our equity securities and our ability to make distributions. 
 
 The occurrence of cyber-incidents, or a deficiency in our Manager's cybersecurity or in those of any of our third party service providers, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise of our confidential information or damage to our business relationships or reputation, all of which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 A cyber-incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our or our Manager's information resources or those of our third party service providers. A cyber-incident can be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and can include gaining unauthorized access to a system to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information. The primary risks that could directly result from a cyber-incident include operational interruption and private data exposure. Our Manager has implemented processes, procedures and controls to help mitigate these risks, but these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the risk of a cyber-incident, do not guarantee that our business and results of operations will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. 
 
 Any downgrades, or perceived potential of downgrades, of the credit ratings of the U.S. Government, GSEs or certain European countries may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 On August 5, 2011, Standard Poor s downgraded the U.S. Government s credit rating for the first time in history, and on October 15, 2013, Fitch Ratings placed the ratings of all outstanding U.S. sovereign debt securities on Rating Watch Negative. Downgrades of the credit ratings of the U.S. Government, GSEs and certain European countries could create broader financial turmoil and uncertainty, which could weigh heavily on the global banking system. Therefore, any downgrades of the credit ratings of the U.S. Government, GSEs or certain European countries may adversely affect the value of our target assets and our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 17 

Social, political, and economic instability, unrest, and other circumstances beyond our control could adversely affect our business operations. 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected by social, political, and economic instability, unrest, or disruption, including protests, demonstrations, strikes, riots, civil disturbance, disobedience, insurrection and looting in geographic regions where the properties securing our investments are located. Such events may result in property damage and destruction and in restrictions, curfews, or other governmental actions that could give rise to significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles, which may adversely affect our financial condition and operations. 
 
 There have been demonstrations and protests, some of which involved violence, looting, arson and property destruction, in cities throughout the U.S., including Atlanta, Seattle, Los Angeles, Washington D.C., New York City, Minneapolis and Portland, as well as globally, including in Hong Kong. While protests have been peaceful in many locations, looting vandalism and fires have taken place in cities, which led to the imposition of mandatory curfews, and, in some locations, deployment of the U.S. National Guard. Governmental actions taken place to protect people and property, including curfews and restrictions on business operations, may disrupt operations, harm perceptions of personal well-being and increase the need for additional expenditures on security resources. The effect and duration of demonstrations, protests or other factors is uncertain, and we cannot assure there will not be further political or social unrest in the future or that there will not be other events that could lead to further social, political and economic instability. If such events or disruptions persist for a prolonged period of time, our overall business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Any or all of the foregoing could have material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, or the market price of our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we presently deem to be immaterial , may also have potential to materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Financing and Hedging 
 
 Our strategy involves leverage, which may amplify losses and there is no specific limit on the amount of leverage that we may use. 
 
 We leverage our portfolio investments in our target assets principally through borrowings under collateralized loan obligations. Our leverage (on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis) currently ranges, and we expect that it will continue to range, between three and six times the amount of our stockholders equity. We will incur this leverage by borrowing against a substantial portion of the market or face value of our assets. Our leverage, which is fundamental to our investment strategy, creates significant risks. 
 
 To the extent that we incur leverage, we may incur substantial losses if our borrowing costs increase. Our borrowing costs may increase for any of the following, or other, reasons: 
 
 short-term interest rates increase; 
 the market value of our securities decreases; 
 interest rate volatility increases; 
 the availability of financing in the market decreases; or 
 changes in advance rates. 
 
 Our return on our investments and cash available for distributions may be reduced if market conditions cause the cost of our financing to increase relative to the income that can be derived from the assets acquired, which could adversely affect the price of our equity securities. In addition, our debt service payments will reduce cash flow available for distributions to stockholders. In addition, if the cost of our financing increases, we may not be able to meet our debt service obligations. To the extent that we cannot meet our debt service obligations, we risk the loss of some or all of our assets to satisfy our debt obligations. To the extent we are compelled to liquidate qualified REIT assets to repay debts, our compliance with the REIT rules regarding our assets and our sources of income could be negatively affected, which would jeopardize our qualification as a REIT. Losing our REIT status would cause us to lose tax advantages applicable to REITs and would decrease our overall profitability and distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We may incur significant additional debt in the future, which will subject us to increased risk of loss and may reduce cash available for distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Subject to market conditions and availability, we may incur significant additional debt in the future. Although we are not required by our board of directors to maintain any particular assets-to-equity leverage ratio, the amount of leverage we may deploy for particular assets will depend upon our Manager s assessment of the credit and other risks of those assets. Our board of directors may establish and change our leverage policy at any time without stockholder approval. Incurring debt could subject us to many risks that, if realized, would adversely affect us, including the risk that: 
 
 our cash flow from operations may be insufficient to make required payments of principal and interest on the debt or we may fail to comply with all of the other covenants contained in the debt, which is likely to result in (1) acceleration of such debt (and any other debt containing a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision) that we may be unable to repay from internal funds or to refinance on favorable terms, or at all, (2) our inability to borrow unused amounts under our financing arrangements, even if we are current in payments on borrowings under those arrangements, and/or (3) the loss of some or all of our assets to foreclosure or sale; 
 our debt may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions with no assurance that investment yields will increase with higher financing costs; 
 we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for operations, investments, stockholder distributions or other purposes; and 
 we may not be able to refinance debt that matures prior to the investment it was used to finance on favorable terms or at all. 
 There can be no assurance that our Manager will be able to prevent mismatches in the maturities of our assets and liabilities. 
 
 Because we employ financial leverage in funding our portfolio, mismatches in the maturities of our assets and liabilities can create risk in the need to continually renew or otherwise refinance our liabilities. Our net interest margins will be dependent upon a positive spread between the returns on our asset portfolio and our overall cost of funding. Our Manager s risk management tools include software and services licensed or purchased from third parties, in 
 18 

addition to proprietary systems and analytical methods developed internally. There can be no assurance that these tools and the other risk management techniques described above will protect us from asset/liability risks. 
 
 Lenders generally require us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to our operations. 
 
 When we obtain financing, lenders typically impose restrictions on us that would affect our ability to incur additional debt, our capability to make distributions to stockholders and our flexibility to determine our operating policies. Loan documents we execute may contain negative covenants that limit, among other things, our ability to repurchase stock, distribute more than a certain amount of our funds from operations and employ leverage beyond certain amounts. 
 
 Our inability to meet certain financial covenants related to our credit agreements could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results. 
 
 In connection with our credit and guaranty agreement, we are required to maintain certain financial covenants with respect to our net worth, asset values, loan portfolio composition, leverage ratios and debt service coverage levels. Compliance with these financial covenants will depend on market factors and the strength of our business and operating results. Various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with our financial covenants. Failure to comply with our financial covenants could result in an event of default, termination of the credit facility and acceleration of all amounts owing under our credit facility and gives the counterparty the right to exercise certain other remedies under the credit agreement, unless we were able to negotiate a waiver. Any such waiver could be conditioned on an amendment to our credit facility and any related guaranty agreement on terms that may be unfavorable to us. If we are unable to negotiate a covenant waiver or replace or refinance our assets under a new credit facility on favorable terms or at all, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 
 We may enter into repurchase agreements, and our rights under such repurchase agreements may be subject to the effects of the bankruptcy laws in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of us or our counterparties under the repurchase agreements. 
 
 In the event of our insolvency or bankruptcy, certain repurchase agreements may qualify for special treatment under Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended, or the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the effect of which, among other things, would be to allow the lender under the applicable repurchase agreement to avoid the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and to take possession of and liquidate the assets that we have pledged under their repurchase agreements. In the event of the insolvency or bankruptcy of a lender during the term of a repurchase agreement, the lender may be permitted, under applicable insolvency laws, to repudiate the contract, and our claim against the lender for damages may be treated simply as an unsecured creditor. In addition, if the lender is a broker or dealer subject to the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970, or an insured depository institution subject to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, our ability to exercise our rights to recover our securities under a repurchase agreement or to be compensated for any damages resulting from the lender s insolvency may be further limited by those statutes. These claims would be subject to significant delay and, if and when received, may be substantially less than the damages we actually incur. 
 
 An increase in our borrowing costs relative to the interest that we receive on investments in our mortgage related investments may adversely affect our profitability and cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 As our financings mature, we will be required either to enter into new borrowings or to sell certain of our investments. In recent years, interest rates had remained at relatively low levels on a historical basis. However, in 2022, in light of increasing inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve increased interest rates seven times. The U.S. Federal Reserve has also indicated that it expects continued increases in interest rates in 2023 and 2024. Any such increases would increase our borrowers interest payments and could result in higher borrower default rates. Such increases could also adversely affect commercial real estate property value. An increase in short-term interest rates at the time that we seek to enter into new borrowings would reduce the spread between our returns on our assets and the cost of our borrowings. This would adversely affect our returns on our assets, which might reduce earnings and, in turn, cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 We have utilized and may utilize in the future non-recourse securitizations to finance our loans and investments, which may expose us to risks that could result in losses. 
 
 We have utilized and may utilize in the future, non-recourse securitizations of our portfolio investment to generate cash for funding new loans and investments and other purposes. These transactions generally involve creating a special-purpose entity, contributing a pool of our assets to the entity, and selling interest in the entity on a non-recourse basis to purchasers (whom we would expect to be willing to accept a lower interest to invest in investment-grade loan pools). We would expect to retain all or a portion of the equity and potentially other tranches in the securitized pool of loans or investments. In addition, we have retained in the past and may in the future retain a pari passu participation in the securitized pool of loans. 
 
 Prior to any such financing, we may use short-term facilities to finance the acquisition of assets until a sufficient quantity of investments had been accumulated, at which time we would refinance these facilities through a securitization, such as a CMBS, or issuance of CLOs, or the private placement of loan participations or other long-term financing. As a result, we would be subject to the risk that we would not be able to acquire, during the period that our short-term facilities are available, a sufficient amount of eligible investment to maximize the efficiency of a CMBS, CLO or other private placement issuance. We also would be subject to the risk that we would not be able to obtain short-term credit facilities or would not be able to renew any short-term credit facilities after they expire should we find it necessary to extend our short-term credit facilities to allow more time to seek and acquire the necessary eligible investment for a long-term financing. The inability to consummate securitizations of our portfolio to finance our loans and investments on a long-term basis could require us to seek other forms of potentially less attractive financing or to liquidate assets at an inopportune time or price, which could adversely affect or performance and our ability to grow our business. Moreover, conditions in the capital markets, including volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets, may not permit a non-recourse securitization at any particular time or may make the issuance of any such securitization less attractive to us even when we do have sufficient eligible assets. We may also suffer losses if the value of the mortgage loans we acquire declines prior to securitization. Declines in the value of a mortgage loan can be due to, among other things, changes in interest rates and changes in the credit quality of the loan. In addition, we may suffer a loss due to the incurrence of transaction costs related to executing these transactions. To the extent that we incur a loss executing or participating in future securitizations for the reasons described above or for other reasons, it could materially and adversely impact our business and financial condition. In addition, the inability to securitize our portfolio may hurt our performance and our ability to grow our business. 
 
 In addition, the securitization of our portfolio might magnify our exposure to losses because any equity interest or other subordinate interest we retain in the issuing entity would be subordinate to the notes issued to investors and we would, therefore, absorb all of the losses sustained with respect to a securitized pool of assets before the owners of the notes experience any losses. Moreover, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or Dodd- 
 19 

Frank Act, contains a risk retention requirement for all asset-backed securities, which requires both public and private securitizers to retain not less than 5 of the credit risk of the assets collateralizing any asset-backed issuance. Significant restrictions exist, and additional restrictions may be added in the future, regarding who may hold risk retention interest, the structure of the entities that hold risk retention interest and when and how such risk retention interests may be transferred. Therefore such risk retention interests will generally be illiquid. As result of the risk retention requirements, we have and may in the future be required to purchase and retain certain interests in a securitization into which we sell mortgage loans and/or when we act as an issuer, may be required to sell certain interests in a securitization at prices below levels that such interests have historically yielded and/or may be required to enter into certain arrangements related to risk retention that we have not historically been required to enter into. Accordingly, the risk retention rules may increase our potential liabilities and/or reduce our potential profits in connections with securitization of mortgage loans. It is likely, therefore, that these risk retentions rules will increase the administrative and operational cost of asset securitizations. 
 
 We may enter into hedging transactions that expose us to contingent liabilities in the future, which may adversely affect our financial results or cash available for distribution to stockholders. 
 
 We may engage in hedging transactions intended to hedge various risks to our portfolio, including the exposure to adverse changes in interest rates. Our hedging activity varies in scope based on, among other things, the level and volatility of interest rates, the type of assets held and other changing market conditions. Although these transactions are intended to reduce our exposure to various risks, hedging may fail to protect or could adversely affect us because, among other things: 
 
 hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of volatile or rapidly changing interest rates; 
 available hedges may not correspond directly with the risks for which protection is sought; 
 the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related liability; 
 the amount of income that a REIT may earn from certain hedging transactions is limited by U.S. federal income tax provisions governing REITs; 
 the credit quality of a hedging counterparty may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; and 
 the hedging counterparty may default on its obligation to pay. 
 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, there are no current limitations on the hedging transactions that we may undertake. However, our Manager s reliance on the CFTC s December 7, 2012 no action letter relieving CPOs of mortgage REITs from the obligation to register with the CFTC as CPOs depends on the satisfaction of several conditions, including that we comply with additional limitations on our hedging activity. The letter limits the initial margin and premiums required to establish our Manager s commodity interest positions to no more than 5 of the fair market value of our total assets and limits the net income derived annually from our commodity interest positions that are not qualifying hedging transactions to less than 5 of our gross income. 
 
 Therefore, our and our Manager s reliance on this no action letter places additional restrictions on our hedging activity. Our hedging transactions could require us to fund large cash payments in certain circumstances (e.g., the early termination of the hedging instrument caused by an event of default or other early termination event or a demand by a counterparty that we make increased margin payments). Our ability to fund these obligations will depend on the liquidity of our assets and access to capital at the time. The need to fund these obligations could adversely affect our financial condition. Further, hedging transactions, which are intended to limit losses, may actually result in losses, which would adversely affect our earnings and could in turn reduce cash available for distribution to stockholders. 
 
 Hedging instruments involve various kinds of risk because they are not always traded on regulated exchanges, guaranteed by an exchange or its clearinghouse or regulated by any U.S. or foreign governmental authorities. The CFTC is still in the process of proposing rules under the Dodd-Frank Act that may make our hedging more difficult or increase our costs. Furthermore, the enforceability of agreements underlying hedging transactions may depend on compliance with applicable statutory and commodity and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable international requirements. The business failure of a hedging counterparty will most likely result in its default. Default by a hedging counterparty may result in the loss of unrealized profits and force us to cover our commitments, if any, at the then current market price. Although we generally seek to reserve the right to terminate our hedging positions, it may not always be possible to dispose of or close out a hedging position without the consent of the hedging counterparty, and we may not be able to enter into an offsetting contract in order to cover our risk. We cannot assure you that a liquid secondary market will exist for hedging instruments purchased or sold, and we may be required to maintain a position until exercise or expiration, which could result in losses. 
 
 Hedging against interest rate exposure may adversely affect our earnings, which could reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders, and such transactions may fail to protect us from the losses that they were designed to offset. 
 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act, we may employ techniques that limit the adverse effects of rising interest rates on a portion of our short-term repurchase agreements and on a portion of the value of our assets. In general, our interest rate risk mitigation strategy depends on our view of our entire portfolio, consisting of assets, liabilities and derivative instruments, in light of prevailing market conditions. We could misjudge the condition of our portfolio or the market. Our interest rate risk mitigation activity varies in scope based on the level and volatility of interest rates and principal repayments, the type of securities held and other changing market conditions. Our actual interest rate risk mitigation decisions are determined in light of the facts and circumstances existing at the time and may differ from our currently anticipated strategy. These techniques may include purchasing or selling futures contracts, entering into interest rate swap, interest rate cap or interest rate floor agreements, swaptions, purchasing put and call options on securities or securities underlying futures contracts, or entering into forward rate agreements. 
 
 Because a mortgage borrower typically has no restrictions on when a loan may be paid off either partially or in full, there are no perfect interest rate risk mitigation strategies, and interest rate risk mitigation may fail to protect us from loss. Alternatively, we may fail to properly assess a risk to our portfolio or may fail to recognize a risk entirely leaving us exposed to losses without the benefit of any offsetting interest rate mitigation activities. The derivative instruments we select may not have the effect of reducing our interest rate risk. The nature and timing of interest rate risk mitigation transactions may influence the effectiveness of these strategies. Poorly designed strategies or improperly executed transactions could actually increase our risk and losses. In addition, interest rate risk mitigation activities could result in losses if the event against which we mitigate does not occur. 
 
 Our loans and investments may be subject to fluctuations in interest rates that may not be adequately protected, or protected at all, by our hedging strategies. 
 
 Our assets include loans with either floating interest rates or fixed interest rates. Floating rate loans earn interest at rates that adjust from time to time based upon an index (typically LIBOR or Term SOFR). These floating rate loans are insulated from changes in value specifically due to changes in interest rates; 
 20 

however, the coupons they earn fluctuate based upon interest rates and, in a declining and/or low interest rate environment, these loans will earn lower rates of interest and this will impact our operating performance. For more information about our risks related to the planned discontinuation of LIBOR, see " Risks Related to Our Investment Strategies and Our Businesses The planned discontinuation of LIBOR may affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to LIBOR and could affect our results of operations or financial condition." Fixed interest rate loans, however, do not have adjusting interest rates and the relative value of the fixed cash flows from these loans will decrease as prevailing interest rates rise or increase as prevailing interest rates fall, causing potentially significant changes in value. We may employ various hedging strategies to limit the effects of changes in interest rates (and in some cases credit spreads), including engaging in interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate derivative products. We believe that no strategy can completely insulate us from the risks associated with interest rate changes and there is a risk that such strategies may provide no protection at all and potentially compound the impact of changes in interest rates. Hedging transactions involve certain additional risks such as counterparty risk, leverage risk, the legal enforceability of hedging contracts, the early repayment of hedged transactions and the risk that unanticipated and significant changes in interest rates may cause a significant loss of basis in the contract and a change in current period expense. We cannot make assurances that we will be able to enter into hedging transactions or that such hedging transactions will adequately protect us against the foregoing risks. 
 
 Accounting for derivatives under GAAP may be complicated. Any failure by us to meet the requirements for applying hedge accounting in accordance with GAAP could adversely affect our earnings. In particular, derivatives are required to be highly effective in offsetting changes in the value or cash flows of the hedged items (and appropriately designated and/or documented as such). If it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective at hedging the designated exposure, hedge accounting is discontinued and the changes in fair value of the instrument are included in our reported net income. 
 
 Risks Associated with Our Relationship with Our Manager 
 
 Our board of directors has approved very broad investment guidelines for our Manager and will not approve each investment and financing decision made by our Manager. 
 
 Our Manager is authorized to follow very broad investment guidelines. Our board of directors periodically reviews and updates our investment guidelines and also reviews our investment portfolio but does not generally review or approve specific investments. In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, our board of directors may rely primarily on information provided to them by our Manager. Furthermore, our Manager may use complex strategies, and transactions entered into by our Manager may be costly, difficult or impossible to unwind by the time they are reviewed by our board of directors. Our Manager will have great latitude within the broad parameters of our investment guidelines in determining the types and amounts of mortgage related investments it may decide are attractive investments for us, which could result in investment returns that are substantially below expectations or that result in losses, which would adversely affect our business operations and results. In addition, our Manager may invest up to 75 million in any investment on our behalf without restriction and generally without prior approval of our board of directors. Our Manager is generally permitted to invest our assets in its discretion, provided that such investments comply with our investment guidelines. Our Manager s failure to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns on an investment which represents a significant dollar amount would adversely affect us. Further, decisions made and investments and financing arrangements entered into by our Manager may not fully reflect the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 We are dependent on our Manager and its key personnel for our success. 
 
 We have no separate facilities and are completely reliant on our Manager. All of our officers are employees of an affiliate of our Manager. Our Manager has significant discretion as to the implementation of our investment and operating policies and strategies. Accordingly, we believe that our success will depend to a significant extent upon the efforts, experience, diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the officers and key personnel of our Manager. The officers and key personnel of our Manager evaluate, negotiate, close and monitor our investments; therefore, our success will depend on their continued service. The departure of any of the officers or key personnel of our Manager could have a material adverse effect on our performance. In addition, there can be no assurance that our Manager will remain our investment manager or that we will continue to have access to our Manager s officers and professionals. The initial term of our management agreement with our Manager only extends until January 3, 2023, with automatic one-year renewals thereafter. If the management agreement is terminated and no suitable replacement is found to manage us, we may not be able to execute our business plan. 
 
 There are conflicts of interest in our relationship with ORIX, including with our Manager and in the allocation of investment opportunities to ORIX affiliates and us, which could result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 We are subject to conflicts of interests arising out of our relationship with ORIX, including our Manager and its affiliates. In addition, we are managed by our Manager, an ORIX affiliate, and our executive officers are employees of an affiliate of our Manager or one or more of its affiliates. There is no guarantee that the policies and procedures adopted by us, the terms and conditions of the Management Agreement or the policies and procedures adopted by our Manager, ORIX and their respective affiliates, will enable us to identify, adequately address or mitigate all potential conflicts of interest. Some examples of conflicts of interest that may arise by virtue of our relationship with our Manager and ORIX includes: 
 
 Allocation of Investment Opportunities. Certain conflicts of interest may arise from the fact that ORIX, its affiliates, and our Manager may provide investment management and other services both to us and to other persons or entities, whether or not the investment objectives or policies of such other person or entity are similar to those of ours, including without limitation, the sponsoring, closing and/or managing of any Lument IM fund. 
 ORIX's Investment Advisory and Proprietary Activities. ORIX makes investments pursuant to an investment strategy that is similar to the investment strategy implemented by Lument IM with respect to LFT, on behalf of itself and its own investment vehicles. Further, certain affiliates of ORIX originate investment opportunities that may be suitable for LFT but which are allocated to other investment funds managed by an affiliate of ORIX. Therefore ORIX or an affiliate may originate opportunities that are suitable for LFT but are allocated to entities primarily owned by ORIX or its affiliates. 
 In addition, we are expected, from time to time, to make an investment in, or a loan to, a company in which ORIX and its affiliates (each, an Investing Party are also expected to invest, or already have invested, in a different part of the capital structure, which may mean that one investor s interest in that company may have different rights, preferences and privileges than the company interests held by us. There may be instances where such a company may become insolvent or bankrupt and where an Investing Party s interests in such company may otherwise conflict with the interests of other Investing Parties. To the extent that we hold securities or other financial interests (e.g., bank debt) in a company with rights, preferences and privileges that are different than interests held by an Investing Party in the same company, the Manager and its affiliates may be presented with decisions when and/or where our interests and the interests of the Investing Parties are in conflict. It is possible that our interest may be subordinated or otherwise adversely affected by virtue of other Investing Parties involvement and actions relating to such investment, in a bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise. In addition, we can be expected, from time to time, to hold an interest in the more senior portion of an issuer s capital structure while another Investing Party holds a more junior security of that issuer. Because ORIX is the owner of the Manager, the Manager would experience a conflict of interest in making determinations regarding the senior securities we held, as decisions on behalf of such entity to enforce remedies or take other actions against the obligors under such senior securities or the related collateral could 
 21 

adversely impact the value of the more junior securities held by another Investing Party. In such situation, the Manager is incentivized to decline to enforce such remedies or take such actions on behalf of the senior securities we held in order to protect the value of the junior securities held by the other Investing Party, which could adversely affect the our returns. To address such conflicts, an Investing Party would generally not take a control position in one part of an issuer s capital structure while another affiliated entity takes a control position in another part of the same issuer s capital structure. 
 
 The incentive fee payable to our Manager under the management agreement is payable quarterly and is based on our core earnings and, therefore, may cause our Manager to select investments in more risky assets to increase its incentive compensation. 
 
 Our Manager is entitled to receive incentive compensation based upon our achievement of targeted levels of core earnings. In evaluating investments and other management strategies, the opportunity to earn incentive compensation based on core earnings may lead our Manager to place undue emphasis on the maximization of core earnings at the expense of other criteria, such as preservation of capital, in order to achieve higher incentive compensation. Investments with higher yield potential are generally riskier or more speculative. This could result in increased risk to the value of our investment portfolio. 
 
 Core earnings is not a measure calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and is defined in our management agreement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The management agreement with our Manager may be costly and difficult to terminate, including for our Manager s poor performance. 
 
 The Management Agreement automatically renews for successive one year terms beginning January 3, 2023 and each January 3 thereafter, unless it is sooner terminated upon written notice delivered to the Company or Manager, as applicable, no later than 180 days prior to a renewal date either (i) by the Company upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the independent directors of the Board or by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock, based upon a determination that (a) the Manager s performance is unsatisfactory and materially detrimental to the Company or (b) the compensation payable to the Manager under the Management Agreement is not fair to the Company (provided that in the instance of (b), we shall not have the right to terminate the Management Agreement if the Manager agrees to continue to provide services under the Management Agreement at fees that at least two-thirds of the independent directors of the Board determine to be fair, provided further that in the instance of (b), the Manager will be afforded the opportunity to renegotiate its compensation prior to termination) or (ii) by the Manager. We may also terminate the Management Agreement at any time, including during the initial term, without the payment of any termination fee, with at least 30 days prior written notice from us "for cause" as described in the Management Agreement. In the event of a termination of the Manager other than a termination for cause, we are required to pay a termination fee to the Manager. The termination fee is equal to three times the sum of (a) the average annual Base Management Fee and (b) the average annual Incentive Compensation, in each case, earned by the Manager during the twenty-four month period immediately preceding the effective date of termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter before the effective date of termination. Our Manager may terminate the Management Agreement upon written notice delivered no later than 180 days prior to a renewal date. 
 
 Our Manager s liability is limited under the management agreement and we have agreed to indemnify our Manager and its affiliates against certain liabilities. As a result, we could experience poor performance or losses for which our Manager would not be liable. 
 
 Pursuant to the management agreement, our Manager does not assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for thereunder and will not be responsible for any action of our board of directors in following or declining to follow its advice or recommendations. Our Manager maintains a contractual as opposed to a fiduciary relationship with us, although our officers who are also employees of an affiliate of our Manager will have a fiduciary duty to us under Maryland Law, as our officers. Under the terms of the management agreement, our Manager, its officers, members, managers, directors, personnel, trustees, partners, stockholders, equity holders, any person controlling or controlled by our Manager and any person providing sub-advisory services to our Manager will not be liable to us, our directors, our stockholders or any partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the management agreement, except because of acts or omissions constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of their duties under the management agreement, as determined by a final non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction. In addition, we have agreed to indemnify our Manager, its officers, stockholders, members, managers, directors, personnel, trustees, partners, stockholders, equity holders, any person controlling or controlled by our Manager and any person providing sub-advisory services to our Manager with respect to all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims arising from acts or omissions of our Manager not constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of duties, performed in good faith in accordance with and pursuant to the management agreement. As a result, we could experience poor performance or losses for which our Manager would not be liable. 
 
 Our Manager is subject to extensive regulation as an investment adviser, which could adversely affect its ability to manage our business. 
 
 Our Manager is an investment adviser registered with the SEC and is subject to regulation by various regulatory authorities that are charged with protecting the interests of its clients, including us. Our Manager could be subject to civil liability, criminal liability or sanction, including revocation or denial of its registration as an investment adviser, revocation of the licenses of its employees, censures, fines or temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business, if it is found to have violated any of laws or regulations applicable to it. Any such liability or sanction could adversely affect its ability to manage our business. 
 
 Employee litigation and unfavorable publicity could negatively affect our future business. 
 
 Employees may, from time to time, bring lawsuits against us or our Manager regarding injury, creation of a hostile work place, discrimination, wage and hour, sexual harassment and other employment issues. In recent years there has been an increase in the number of discrimination and harassment claims generally. Coupled with the expansion of social media platforms and similar devices that allow individuals access to a broad audience, these claims have had a significant negative impact on some businesses. Companies that have faced employment or harassment related lawsuits have had to terminate management or other key personnel and have suffered reputational harm that has negatively impacted their sales. If we were to face any employment related claims, our business could be negatively affected. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Securities 
 
 The market price and trading volume of our securities may vary substantially. 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol "LFT." Stock markets, including the NYSE, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations over the past several years. As a result, the market price of our securities has been and is likely to continue to be similarly volatile, and investors in 
 22 

our securities have experienced since the initial offering of our securities and may continue to experience a decrease in the value of their securities. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the ability of our stockholders to sell their securities or the price that our stockholders may obtain for their securities. 
 
 Some of the factors that negatively affect the market price of our securities include: 
 
 changes in our dividend rates or frequency of payments thereof; 
 actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results; 
 changes in our earnings estimates or publication of research reports about us or the real estate industry; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 adverse market reaction to any increased indebtedness we incur in the future; 
 additions to or departures of our Manager s key personnel; 
 actions by our stockholders; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 trading prices of common and preferred equity securities issued by REITs and other similar companies; 
 failure to satisfy REIT requirements; 
 general economic and financial conditions; 
 government action or regulation; and 
 our issuance of additional preferred equity or debt securities. 
 
 Market factors unrelated to our performance could negatively impact the market price of our securities, and broad market fluctuations could also negatively impact the market price of our securities. 
 
 Market factors unrelated to our performance could negatively impact the market price of our securities. One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our securities is our distribution rate as a percentage of our stock price relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective investors may demand a higher distribution rate or seek alternative investments paying higher distributions or interest. As a result, interest rate fluctuations and conditions in the capital markets can affect the market value of our securities. In addition, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many companies in industries similar or related to ours and that have been unrelated to these companies operating performances. These broad market fluctuations could reduce the market price of our securities. Furthermore, our operating results and prospects may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors or may be lower than those of companies with comparable market capitalizations, which could lead to a material decline in the market price of our securities. 
 
 The performance of our securities may be affected by the performance of our investments, which may be speculative and aggressive compared to other types of investments. 
 
 The investments we make in accordance with our investment objectives may result in a greater amount of risk as compared to alternative investment options, including relatively higher risk of volatility or loss of principal. Our investments may be speculative and aggressive, and therefore an investment in our securities may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. 
 
 One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell shares of our securities is our distribution rate as a percentage of the trading price of our securities relative to market interest rates and distribution rates of our competitors. If the market price of our securities is based primarily on the earnings and return that we derive from our investments and income with respect to our investments and our related distributions to stockholders, and not from the market value of the investments themselves, then interest rate fluctuations and capital market conditions are likely to adversely affect the market price of our securities. For instance, if market rates rise without an increase in our distribution rate, the market price of our securities could decrease as potential investors may require a higher distribution yield on our securities or seek other securities paying higher distributions or interest. In addition, rising interest rates would result in increased interest expense on our variable rate debt, thereby reducing cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 An increase in interest rates may have an adverse effect on the market price of our stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell shares of our stock is our dividend rate, or our future expected dividend rate, as a percentage of our common stock price, relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective investors may demand a higher dividend rate on our shares or seek alternative investments paying higher dividends or interest. As a result, interest rate fluctuations and capital market conditions can affect the market price of our stock independent of the effects such conditions may have on our portfolio. 
 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level on our common stock and we cannot assure you of our ability to make distributions in the future, or that our board of directors will not reduce distributions in the future regardless of such ability. 
 
 We intend to announce quarterly dividends in arrears on a quarterly basis to holders of our common stock. If substantially all of our taxable income has not been paid by the close of any calendar year, we intend to declare a special dividend to holders of our common stock prior to December 31st of the current year, to achieve this result. 
 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level on our common stock and our ability to make distributions may be adversely affected by the risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All distributions to our common stockholders will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, our financial condition, maintenance of our REIT status and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. There can be no assurance of our ability to make distributions to our common stockholders, or that our board of directors will not determine to reduce such distributions, in the future. In addition, some of our distributions to our common stockholders may continue to include a return of capital. 
 
 Future offerings of debt or equity securities that rank senior to our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 If we decide to issue additional equity securities or to issue debt in the future that rank senior to our common stock, it is likely that they will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we 
 23 

issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock and may result in dilution to owners of our common stock. We and, indirectly, our stockholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus holders of our common stock will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting the value of their stock holdings in us. Furthermore, the compensation payable to our Manager will increase as a result of future issuances of our equity securities even if the issuances are dilutive to existing stockholders. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 
 Because of their significant ownership of our common stock, Lument Investment Holdings, an affiliate of our Manager, and the Hunt Investors have the ability to influence the outcome of matters that require a vote of our stockholders, including a change of control. 
 
 Lument Investment Holdings and the Hunt Investors hold a significant interest in our outstanding common stock. As of March 1, 2023, Lument Investment Holdings owned 27.4 of our outstanding common stock and the Hunt Investors owned 12.2 of our outstanding common stock. In addition, James C. Hunt, one of the Hunt Investors, is a member of our board of directors. As a result, each of Lument Investment Holdings and the Hunt Investors has the ability to influence the outcome of matters that require a vote of our stockholders, including election of our board of directors and other corporate transactions, regardless of whether others believe that the transaction is in our best interests. 
 
 Maintenance of our exclusion from the Investment Company Act will impose limits on our business; we have not sought formal guidance from the staff of the SEC as to our treatment of loans in securitization trusts and there can be no assurance that the staff will not adopt a contrary interpretation which could cause us to sell material amounts of our assets and to change our investment strategy. 
 
 We intend to conduct our operations so that neither we nor our subsidiaries are required to register as investment companies under the Investment Company Act. Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We believe that we do not meet the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act because we do not engage primarily, or hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Rather, we are primarily engaged in a non-investment company businesses related to real estate. 
 
 Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of the issuer s total assets (exclusive of U.S. Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Excluded from the term investment securities, among other things, are U.S. Government securities and securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exception from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. We intend to conduct our operations so that we do not come within the definition of an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act, or we otherwise qualify for an exclusion from the definition. We generally rely on guidance published by the SEC or its staff or on our own analyses to determine whether we fall outside of this definition, including, for example, whether a particular subsidiary is a majority-owned subsidiary or wholly-owned subsidiary (as those terms are defined in and interpreted under the Investment Company Act) for this purpose. 
 
 We hold our assets primarily through our direct or indirect subsidiaries, certain of which we believe are excluded from the definitions of investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. As interpreted by the SEC staff, this exception generally requires that at least 55 of the subsidiary s total assets be comprised of certain qualifying real estate interests, and at least 80 of the subsidiary s total assets be comprised of qualifying real estate interests and, as needed, certain real estate-related assets. We generally rely on guidance published by the SEC or its staff, or on our own analyses, to determine which assets are qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets. 
 
 Certain of our subsidiaries [may] seek to rely on Rule 3a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Rule 3a-7 under the Investment Company Act is available to certain structured financing vehicles that are engaged in the business of holding financial assets that, by their terms, convert into cash within a finite time period and that issue fixed income securities entitling holders to receive payments that depend primarily on the cash flows from these assets, provided that, among other things, the structured finance vehicle does not engage in certain portfolio management practices resembling those employed by management investment companies (e.g., mutual funds). Accordingly, each such subsidiary s ability to acquire and dispose of assets is limited. As a result of this limitation as well as others imposed by the rule, these subsidiaries may suffer losses on their assets and we may in turn suffer losses. 
 
 We and/or certain of our subsidiaries may seek to rely on the exclusion from the definition of investment company provided by Section 3(c)(6). As a general matter, this section excepts any company primarily engaged, directly or through majority-owned subsidiaries, in one or more other business excepted under the Investment Company Act (including Section 3(c)(5)(C)) or in one or more of such businesses together with an additional business or businesses other than investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading in securities. Little interpretive guidance has been issued by the SEC or its staff with respect to Section 3(c)(6). 
 
 SEC and staff no-action and other guidance under the Investment Company Act is based in large part on specific factual situations, some of which differ from the factual situations we and our subsidiaries face from time to time. As a result, we apply SEC or staff guidance that relates to other factual situations by analogy. A number of the staff no-action positions were issued more than twenty years ago. There may be no guidance from the SEC staff that applies directly to our factual situations. No assurance can be given that the SEC or its staff will concur with our analysis, conclusions or approach. In addition, the SEC or its staff may, in the future, issue further guidance that may require us and/or our subsidiaries to re-classify our assets; modify our organizational structure; acquire or sell assets; or make other changes for purposes of the Investment Company Act, any or all of which could materially and adversely affect us. For example, on August 31, 2011, the SEC issued a concept release and request for comments regarding the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion (Release No. IC-29778) in which it solicited public comment on a wide range of issues relating to Section 3(c)(5)(C), including the nature of the assets that qualify for purposes of the exclusion and whether mortgage REITs should be regulated in a manner similar to registered investment companies. 
 
 Conducting our business so that we are not required to register under the Investment Company Act limits, among other things: the types of businesses in which we may engage through our subsidiaries; our organizational structure and business strategy; and the types of assets we and our subsidiaries originate, acquire or sell; and the timing of such originations, acquisitions and dispositions (including doing so when we would not otherwise choose to do so). We cannot assure you that we would be able to complete any such originations, acquisitions or on favorable terms, or at all. Any or all of the above could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 24 

Although we monitor our holdings and organizational structure for ongoing compliance with the above, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to avoid registration as an investment company, or that the laws and regulations governing, or regulatory guidance pertaining to, investment company status will not change in a manner that materially and adversely affects us. If the fair market value or income potential of our assets changes, we may need to increase or decrease our holdings of certain of our assets to maintain our exclusion from the Investment Company Act. 
 
 If it were established that we were an unregistered investment company, there would be a risk that we would be subject to monetary penalties and injunctive relief in an action brought by the SEC, that we would be unable to enforce contracts with third parties, that third parties could seek to obtain rescission of transactions undertaken during the period for which it was established that we were an unregistered investment company. In addition, in this case, we would need to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, modify our operations, perhaps significantly, to seek to continue to avoid being require to register under the Investment Company Act, or seek some form of exemptive or other relief from the SEC or its staff. If we were required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we would become subject to substantial regulation with respect to our capital structure (including our ability to use borrowings), management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons (as defined in the Investment Company Act) and portfolio composition, including disclosure requirements and restrictions with respect to diversification and industry concentration and other matters. Compliance with the Investment Company Act would, accordingly, limit our ability to make certain investments and require us to significantly restructure our business strategy. Any of the foregoing results would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Since we are not expected to be subject to the Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, we will not be subject to its substantive provisions, and thus investors will not receive the protections that the Investment Company Act provides to investors in registered investment companies. 
 
 Our authorized but unissued shares of common and preferred stock may prevent a change in our control. 
 
 Our charter authorizes us to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of common or preferred stock. In addition, our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, amend our charter to increase the aggregate number of our shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue and classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common or preferred stock and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. As a result, our board of directors may establish a series of common or preferred stock that could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our share class or of common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 Ownership limitations may restrict change of control or business combination opportunities in which our stockholders might receive a premium for their shares. 
 
 In order for us to maintain our REIT qualification for each taxable year after December 31, 2012, during the last half of any taxable year no more than 50 in value of our outstanding capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals. "Individuals" for this purpose include natural persons, private foundations, some employee benefit plans and trusts, and some charitable trusts. To assist us in maintaining our qualification as a REIT among other purposes and subject to certain exceptions, our charter generally prohibits any person from directly or indirectly owning more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock or more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our capital stock. On February 17, 2022, in connection with the closing of our rights offering, in which we issued and sold an aggregate of 27,277,269 shares of our common stock, our board of directors adopted resolutions decreasing the common stock ownership limit and the aggregate stock ownership limit from 9.8 to 8.75 for all stockholders who are not excepted holders. The ownership limitations in our charter could have the effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction in which holders of our equity securities might receive a premium for their shares over the then prevailing market price or which holders might believe to be otherwise in their best interests. 
 
 Our board of directors has granted exemptions to the aggregate stock ownership limit and the common stock ownership limit in our charter to (i) XL Bermuda Ltd, (ii) Lument Investment Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of our Manager, and (iii) James C. Hunt, a member of our board of directors and Hunt Company Equity Holdings, LLC. 
 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law may limit the ability of a third-party to acquire control of our company. 
 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law ("MGCL") may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change of control of our company that might involve a premium price for holders of our equity securities or otherwise be in their best interests. 
 
 Subject to certain limitations, provisions of the MGCL prohibit certain business combinations between us and an "interested stockholder" (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or associate of ours who beneficially owned 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding stock during the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question) or an affiliate of the interested stockholder for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. After the five-year period, business combinations between us and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of the interested stockholder must generally either provide a minimum price to our stockholders (as defined in the MGCL) in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder or be recommended by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of our outstanding shares of voting stock and at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by stockholders other than the interested stockholder and its affiliates and associates. These provisions of the MGCL relating to business combinations do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by our board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Pursuant to the statute, our board of directors has by resolution exempted business combinations between us and the XL Companies and certain affiliates thereof, the parent of which is AXA SA, between us and Hunt Investors and affiliates thereof and between us and Lument Investment Holdings and affiliates thereof. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the supermajority vote requirements will not apply to business combinations between us and the exempted parties. As a result, the exempted companies may be able to enter into business combinations with us that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders without compliance by us with the supermajority vote requirements and other provisions of the statute. However, our board of directors may repeal or modify these exemptions at any time in the future, in which case the applicable provisions of this statute will become applicable to business combinations between us and the previously exempted parties. 
 
 The "control share" provisions of the MGCL provide that holders of "control shares" of a Maryland corporation (defined as shares which, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a "control share acquisition" (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of "control shares") have no voting rights with respect to such shares except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding votes entitled to be cast by the acquirer of control shares, our officers and our employees who are also our 
 25 

directors. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. There can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 Additionally, Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL permits our board of directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to elect to be subject to certain provisions relating to corporate governance that may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change of control of our company that might involve a premium to the market price of our equity securities or otherwise be in our stockholders best interests. Those provisions are (i) a classified board; (ii) a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director; (iii) a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors; (iv) a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred; (v) and a majority requirement for the calling of a special meeting of stockholders. We are subject to all of those provisions except for a classified board, either by provisions of our charter and bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8 or by reason of an election in our charter to be subject to certain provisions of Subtitle 8. 
 
 Stockholders have limited control over changes in our policies and operations. 
 
 Our board of directors determines our major policies, including with regard to financing, growth, debt capitalization, REIT qualification and distributions. Our board of directors may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of the stockholders. Under our charter and the MGCL, our common stockholders generally have a right to vote only on the following matters: 
 
 the election or removal of directors; 
 the amendment of our charter, except that our board of directors may amend our charter without stockholder approval to: 
 
 change our name; 
 change the name or other designation or the par value of any class or series of stock and the aggregate par value of our stock; 
 increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock that we have the authority to issue; and 
 increase or decrease the number of our shares of any class or series of stock that we have the authority to issue; 
 
 our liquidation and dissolution; and 
 our being a party to a merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets or statutory share exchange. 
 
 All other matters are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. 
 
 Our charter contains provisions that make removal of our directors difficult, which could make it difficult for stockholders to effect changes in management. 
 
 Our charter provides that, subject to the rights of any class or series of preferred stock, a director may be removed only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. Our charter and bylaws provide that vacancies generally may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if less than a quorum. These requirements make it more difficult to change management by removing and replacing directors and may prevent a change in control that is in the best interests of stockholders. 
 
 Our rights and stockholders rights to take action against directors and officers are limited, which could limit recourse in the event of actions not in the best interests of stockholders. 
 
 As permitted by Maryland law, our charter eliminates the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from: 
 
 actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 
 a final judgment based upon a finding of active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was material to the cause of action adjudicated. 
 
 In addition, our charter requires us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, to indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to any individual who is a present or former director or officer and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or any individual who, while a director or officer and at our request, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, trustee of another corporation, REIT, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or any other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. Maryland law permits indemnification of our directors and officers in connection with a proceeding, unless it is established that (i) the act or omission of the individual was material to the proceeding and was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, or the individual actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services, or (ii) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the individual had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. As part of these indemnification obligations, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our directors and officers. 
 We also are permitted to purchase and maintain insurance or provide similar protection on behalf of any directors, officers, employees and agents, including our Manager and its affiliates, against any liability asserted which was incurred in any such capacity with us or arising out of such status. This may result in us having to expend significant funds, which will reduce the available cash for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 We have made, and in the future may make, distributions of offering proceeds, borrowings or the sale of assets to the extent that distributions exceed earnings or cash flow from our operations. 
 
 We have made, and in the future may make, distributions of offering proceeds, borrowings or the sale of assets to the extent that distributions exceed earnings or cash flow from our operations. Such distributions reduce the amount of cash we have available for investing and other purposes and could be dilutive to our financial results. In addition, funding our distributions from our net proceeds may constitute a return of capital to our investors, which would have the effect of reducing each stockholder s basis in its shares of equity securities. 
 
 We are a "smaller reporting company and we may avail ourselves of the reduced disclosure requirements, which may make the Company s securities less attractive to investors. 
 
 26 

As a "smaller reporting company," the Company has relied on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies. The Company may continue to rely on such exemptions for so long as the Company remains a "smaller reporting company." These exemptions include reduced financial disclosure and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. We may continue to rely on such exemptions for so long as we remain a smaller reporting company under applicable SEC rules and regulations. The Company s reliance on these exemptions may result in the public finding the Company s securities to be less attractive and adversely impact the market price of the Company s securities or the trading market thereof. 
 
 We are subject to financial reporting and other requirements for which our accounting, internal audit and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared. 
 
 We are subject to reporting and other obligations under the Exchange Act, including the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These reporting and other obligations may place significant demands on our management, administrative, operational, internal audit and accounting resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. We may need to upgrade our systems or create new systems, implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures, expand or outsource our internal audit function and hire additional accounting, internal audit and finance staff. If we are unable to accomplish these objectives in a timely and effective fashion, our ability to comply with the financial reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies could be impaired. Any failure to maintain effective internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We are required to make critical accounting estimates and judgments, and our financial statements may be materially affected if our estimates or judgments prove to be inaccurate. 
 
 Financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Different estimates, judgments and assumptions reasonably could be used that would have a material effect on our financial statements, and changes in these estimates, judgments and assumptions are likely to occur from period to period in the future. Significant areas of accounting requiring the application of management s judgment include, but are not limited to (1) determining the fair value of our investments, (2) assessing the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses or credit reserves and (3) appropriately consolidating VIEs for which we have determined we are the primary beneficiary. These estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently uncertain, and, if they prove to be inaccurate, then we face the risk that charges to income will be required. In addition, because we have limited operating history in some of these areas and limited experience in making these estimates, judgments and assumptions, the risk of future charges to income may be greater than if we had more experience in these areas. Any such charges could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. See "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Critical Accounting Policies" for a discussion of the accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are the most critical to an understanding of our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Tax Risks 
 
 If we fail to remain qualified as a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax as a regular corporation and could face a substantial tax liability, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with our short taxable year ended December 31, 2012, and our subsidiary, Lument Commercial Mortgage Trust, Inc. elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with its short taxable year ended December 31, 2018 and in each case to comply with the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code with respect thereto. Our and its continued qualification as a REIT will depend on our and its satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. Our and its ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. Our compliance with the REIT income and quarterly asset requirements also depends upon our ability to successfully manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis. Further, there can be no assurance that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, will not contend that our interests in subsidiaries or in securities of other issuers will not cause a violation of the REIT requirements. 
 
 If we were to fail to maintain our REIT qualification in any taxable year and were not able to qualify for, or fail to satisfy the requirements of certain statutory relief provisions, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate rates, and dividends paid to our stockholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. Any resulting corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the value of our equity securities. Unless we were entitled to relief under certain Internal Revenue Code provisions, we also would be disqualified from re-electing to be taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Furthermore, any REIT in which we invest directly or indirectly, including Lument Commercial Mortgage Trust, Inc., the REIT through which we own our interests in our CLOs, is independently subject to, and must comply with, the same REIT requirements that we must satisfy in order to qualify as a REIT. If the subsidiary fails to qualify as a REIT and certain statutory relief provisions do not apply, then (a) the subsidiary REIT would become subject to U.S. federal income tax, (b) the subsidiary REIT will be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost, (c) our investment in the subsidiary REIT could cease to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the asset tests applicable to REITs and any dividend income or gains derived by us from such subsidiary REIT may cease to be treated as income that qualifies for purposes of the 75 gross income test, and (d) we may fail certain of the asset or income tests applicable to REITs, in which event we will fail to qualify as REIT unless we are able to avail ourselves of certain statutory relief provisions. 
 
 If we fail to remain qualified as REIT, we may default on our current financing facilities and be required to liquidate our assets, and we may face delays or inabilities to procure future financing. 
 
 Failure to maintain qualified as a REIT could result in an event of default under our credit facility and CLOs, and we may be required to liquidate all or substantially all of our assets, unless we were able to negotiate a waiver. Any such waiver could be conditioned on an amendment to our CLOs or credit facility and any related guaranty agreements on terms that may be unfavorable to us. If we are unable to negotiate a waiver or replace or refinance our assets under a new credit facility or CLO on favorable terms or at all, our financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 
 27 

The maximum tax rate applicable to income from "qualified dividends" payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 20 , exclusive of a 3.8 investment tax surcharge. Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced rates. Thus, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our equity securities. However, REIT dividends (other than capital gain dividends) received by non-corporate taxpayers may be eligible for a 20 deduction. This deduction is only applicable to investors of LFT that receive dividends and does not have any impact on us. Without further legislation, the deduction would sunset after 2025. Investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the effect of this change on their effective tax rate with respect to REIT dividends. 
 
 REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. 
 
 We generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain and 90 of our net income, if any, (after tax) from foreclosure property, in order for us to maintain our REIT qualification. To the extent that we satisfy such distribution requirements but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal income tax laws. We intend to make distributions to our stockholders to comply with the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 From time to time, differences in timing between our recognition of taxable income and our actual receipt of cash may occur. If we do not have other funds available in these situations we could be required to borrow funds on unfavorable terms, sell investments at disadvantageous prices or distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt, make a taxable distribution of our shares as part of a distribution in which stockholders may elect to receive shares or (subject to certain limits) cash or use cash reserves, in order to make distributions sufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement and to avoid the U.S. federal income tax and the 4 excise tax in a particular year. These alternatives could increase our costs or reduce our equity. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our equity securities. 
 
 Even if we remain qualified as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow. 
 
 Even if we remain qualified for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, tax on certain types of income including as a result of a foreclosure, and state or local income, property and transfer taxes, such as mortgage recording taxes. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities and may require us to dispose of our target assets sooner than originally anticipated. 
 
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must satisfy five tests relating to the nature of our assets at the end of each calendar quarter. First, at least 75 of the value of our total assets must consist of cash, cash items, government securities and real estate assets, including certain mortgage loans and securities and debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs. Second, we may not own more than 10 of any one issuer s outstanding securities, as measured by either value or voting power. Third, no more than 5 of the value of our total assets can consist of the securities of any one issuer. Fourth, no more than 20 of our total assets can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs. Fifth, not more than 25 of our assets may consist of debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs to the extent that such debt instruments constitute "real estate assets" for purposes of the 75 asset test described above only because of the express inclusion of "debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs" in the definition. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we will lose our REIT qualification unless we are able to qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, which may involve paying taxes and penalties. In order to comply with the asset tests, we may be required to liquidate from our investment portfolio otherwise attractive investments. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and the amount available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 In addition to the asset tests set forth above, to maintain our REIT qualification, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. We may be unable to pursue investments that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the income test, the asset tests, and the other REIT requirements. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments. If we fail to comply with any of these other REIT requirements at the end of any fiscal year, we will lose our REIT qualification unless we are able to satisfy or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions which may involve paying taxes and penalties. 
 
 We may be required to report taxable income for certain investments in excess of the economic income we ultimately realize from them. 
 
 We may continue to acquire mortgage-backed securities in the secondary market for less than their face amount. In addition, as a result of our ownership of certain mortgage-backed securities, we may be treated for tax purposes as holding certain debt instruments acquired in the secondary market for less than their face amount. The discount at which such securities or debt instruments are acquired may reflect doubts about their ultimate collectability rather than current market interest rates. The amount of such discount will nevertheless generally be treated as "market discount" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accrued market discount is generally reported as income when, and to the extent that, any payment of principal of the mortgage-backed security or debt instrument is made. If we collect less on the mortgage-backed security or debt instrument than our purchase price plus the market discount we had previously reported as income, we may not be able to benefit from any offsetting loss deductions. 
 
 In addition, as a result of our ownership of certain mortgage-backed securities, we may be treated for tax purposes as holding distressed debt investments that are subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the outstanding debt are "significant modifications" under applicable U.S. Treasury Department regulations, the modified debt may be considered to have been reissued to us at a gain in a debt-for-debt exchange with the borrower. In that event, we may be required to recognize taxable gain to the extent the principal amount of the modified debt exceeds our adjusted tax basis in the unmodified debt, even if the value of the debt or the payment expectations have not changed. 
 
 Moreover, some of the mortgage-backed securities that we acquire may have been issued with original issue discount. We will be required to report such original issue discount based on a constant yield method and will be taxed based on the assumption that all future projected payments due on such mortgage-backed securities will be made. If such mortgage-backed securities turn out not to be fully collectible, an offsetting loss deduction will become available only in the later year that lack of collectability is provable. 
 
 28 

Finally, in the event that any debt instruments or mortgage-backed securities acquired by us are delinquent as to mandatory principal and interest payments, or in the event a borrower with respect to a particular debt instrument acquired by us encounters financial difficulty rendering it unable to pay stated interest as due, we may nonetheless be required to continue to recognize the unpaid interest as taxable income as it accrues, despite doubt as to its ultimate collectability. Similarly, we may be required to accrue interest income with respect to subordinate mortgage-backed securities at the stated rate regardless of whether corresponding cash payments are received or are ultimately collectible. In each case, while we would in general ultimately have an offsetting loss deduction available to us when such interest was determined to be uncollectable, the utility of that deduction could depend on our having taxable income in that later year or thereafter. 
 
 The "taxable mortgage pool" rules may increase the taxes that we or our stockholders may incur, and may limit the manner in which we effect future securitizations. 
 
 Securitizations by us or our subsidiaries could result in the creation of taxable mortgage pools for U.S. federal income tax purposes, resulting in "excess inclusion income." As a REIT, so long as we own 100 of the equity interests in a taxable mortgage pool, we generally would not be adversely affected by the characterization of the securitization as a taxable mortgage pool. Certain categories of stockholders, however, such as non-U.S. stockholders eligible for treaty or other benefits, stockholders with net operating losses, and certain tax-exempt U.S. stockholders that are subject to unrelated business income tax, could be subject to increased taxes on a portion of their dividend income from us that is attributable to the excess inclusion income. In the case of a stockholder that is a REIT, a regulated investment company, or RIC, common trust fund or other pass-through entity, our allocable share of our excess inclusion income could be considered excess inclusion income of such entity. In addition, to the extent that our stock is owned by tax-exempt "disqualified organizations," such as certain government-related entities and charitable remainder trusts that are not subject to tax on unrelated business income, we may incur a corporate level tax on a portion of any excess inclusion income. Because this tax generally would be imposed on us, all of our stockholders, including stockholders that are not disqualified organizations, generally would bear a portion of the tax cost associated with the classification of us or a portion of our assets as a taxable mortgage pool. A RIC, or other pass-through entity owning our stock in record name will be subject to tax at the highest U.S. federal corporate tax rate on any excess inclusion income allocated to their owners that are disqualified organizations. Moreover, we could face limitations in selling equity interests in these securitizations to outside investors, or selling any debt securities issued in connection with these securitizations that might be considered to be equity interests for tax purposes. Finally, if we were to fail to maintain our REIT qualification, any taxable mortgage pool securitizations would be treated as separate taxable corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes that could not be included in any consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. These limitations may prevent us from using certain techniques to maximize our returns from securitization transactions. 
 
 Liquidation of our assets may jeopardize our REIT qualification. 
 
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must comply with requirements regarding our assets and our sources of income. If we liquidate our investments including to repay obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with these requirements, ultimately jeopardizing our qualification as a REIT, or we may be subject to a 100 tax on any resultant gain if we sell assets that are treated as dealer property or inventory. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. 
 
 The REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code substantially limit our ability to hedge our assets and liabilities. Under these provisions, any income from a hedging transaction we enter into to manage risk of interest rate changes with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets does not constitute "gross income" for purposes of the 75 or 95 gross income tests, if certain requirements are met. To the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions, the income from those transactions is likely to be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of both of the REIT gross income tests. 
 
 Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Internal Revenue Code provisions for which only limited judicial and administrative authorities exist. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification. Our qualification as a REIT will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. In addition, our ability to satisfy the requirements to maintain our REIT qualification depends in part on the actions of third parties over which we have no control or only limited influence, including in cases where we own an equity interest in an entity that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, while we intend to continue to operate so that we will qualify as a REIT, given the highly complex nature of the rules governing REITs, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, and the possibility of future changes in our circumstances, no assurance can be given that we will maintain our qualification for any particular year. 
 
 We may incur a significant tax liability as a result of selling assets that might be subject to the prohibited transactions tax if sold directly by us. 
 
 A REIT s net income from "prohibited transactions" is subject to a 100 tax. In general, "prohibited transactions" are sales or other dispositions of assets held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. There is a risk that certain loans that we are treating as owning for U.S. federal income tax purposes and certain property received upon foreclosure of these loans will be treated as held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Although we expect to avoid the prohibited transactions tax by contributing those assets to one of our TRSs and conducting the marketing and sale of those assets through that TRS, no assurance can be given that the IRS will respect the transaction by which those assets are contributed to our TRS. Even if those contribution transactions are respected, our TRS will be subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income tax and may incur a significant tax liability as a result of those sales. 
 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could increase our tax liability, reduce our operating flexibility and reduce the market price of shares of our equity securities. 
 
 The present U.S, federal income tax treatments of REITs may be modified, possibly with retroactive effect, by legislative, judicial, or administrative action at any time, which could affect the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in us. The U.S. federal income tax rules dealing with REITs constantly are under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS, and the U.S. Treasury, which results in statutory changes as well as frequent revisions to regulations and interpretations. We cannot predict when or if any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. federal tax law, regulations or administrative interpretations, will be adopted, promulgated of become effective and any such law, regulation or interpretation may take effect retroactively. Future revisions in the U.S. federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could affect or cause us to change our investments and commitments and affect the tax considerations of an investments in us. 
 29 

Any such revisions could have an adverse effect on an investment in our shares or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets. You are urged to consult with your tax advisor with respect to the impact of such revisions on your investment in our shares and the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our shares. 
 On August 14, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA.The IRA includes numerous tax provisions that impact corporations, including the implementation of a corporate alternative minimum tax as well as a 1 excise tax on certain stock repurchases and economically similar transactions. However, REITs are excluded from the definition of an "applicable corporation" and therefore are not subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax. Additionally, the 1 excise tax specifically does not apply to stock repurchases by REITs. Any taxable REIT subsidiaries of ours operate as standalone corporations and therefore could be adversely affected by the IRA. We will continue to analyze and monitor the application of the IRA to our business, however, the effect of these changes on the value of our assets, shares of our common stock or market conditions generally, is uncertain. 
 
 Although REITs generally receive certain tax advantage compared to entities taxed as regular corporations, it is possible that future legislation would result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purpose as a corporation. Our charter provides our board of directors with the power, under certain circumstances, to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election and cause us to be taxed as a regular corporation, without the vote of our stockholders. Our board of directors has duties to us and could only cause such changes in our tax treatment if it determines in good faith that such changes are in our best interest. 
 
 Distributions to tax-exempt investors may be classified as unrelated business taxable income, or UBTI, as defined under Section 512(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Neither ordinary nor capital gain distributions with respect to our stock nor gain from the sale of stock should generally constitute UBTI to a tax-exempt investor. However, there are certain exceptions to this rule, including: (1) part of the income and gain recognized by certain qualified employee pension trusts with respect to our stock may be treated as UBTI if shares of our stock are predominantly held by qualified employee pension trusts, and we are required to rely on a special look-through rule for purposes of meeting one of the REIT ownership tests, and we are not operated in a manner to avoid treatment of such income or gain as UBTI; (2) part of the income and gain recognized by a tax-exempt investor with respect to our stock would constitute UBTI if the investor incurs debt in order to acquire the stock; (3) part or all of the income or gain recognized with respect to our stock by social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations, supplemental unemployment benefit trusts and qualified group legal services plans which are exempt from U.S. federal income taxation under the Internal Revenue Code may be treated as UBTI; and (4) to the extent that we are (or a part of us, or a disregarded subsidiary of ours, is) a "taxable mortgage pool," or if we hold residual interests in a REMIC, a portion of the distributions paid to a tax-exempt stockholder that is allocable to excess inclusion income may be treated as UBTI. 
 
 The value of our assets represented by our TRS is required to be limited and a failure to comply with this and certain other rules governing transactions between a REIT and its TRSs would jeopardize our REIT qualification and may result in the application of a 100 excise tax. 
 
 A REIT may own up to 100 of the stock of one or more TRSs. Other than certain activities relating to lodging and healthcare facilities, a TRS generally may engage in any business and may hold assets and earn income that would not be qualifying assets or income if held or earned directly by a REIT. No more than 20 of the value of a REIT s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs. In addition, the TRS rules limit the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a TRS to its parent REIT to assure that the TRS is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation. The rules also impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT, or by a TRS on behalf of its parent REIT, that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. 
 
 Our current TRS, and any future TRSs, will pay U.S. federal, state and local income tax on their respective taxable incomes, if any. We anticipate that the aggregate value of the securities of our TRS will be less than 20 of the value of our total assets (including our TRS securities). Furthermore, we intend to monitor the value of our investments in our TRS for the purpose of ensuring compliance with TRS-ownership limitations. In addition, we will review all our transactions with our TRS to ensure that they are entered into on arm s-length terms to avoid incurring the 100 excise tax described above. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to continue to comply with the TRS-ownership limitation or to avoid application of the 100 excise tax discussed above. 
 
 Your investment has various U.S. federal income tax risks. 
 
 We urge you to consult your tax advisor concerning the effects of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax laws to you with regard to an investment in shares of our stock. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties. We maintain our corporate headquarters at 230 Park Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, NY 10169 in office space furnished to us by our Manager. We reimburse our Manager under the management agreement between us for lease and other related expenses incurred in furnishing us with our offices. We believe that our property is maintained in good condition and is suitable and adequate for our purposes. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 As of the date of this filing, we are not party to any litigation or legal proceeding or, to the best of our knowledge, any threatened litigation or legal proceeding. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information 
 
 On March 21, 2023, the last reported sales price for our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange under symbol "LFT" was 1.94. 
 
 Holders 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there were 52,231,152 shares of our common stock outstanding. As of March 21, 2023, there were 16 registered holders. The number of beneficial stockholders is substantially greater than the number of holders of record as a large portion of our stock is held in "street name" through banks or broker dealers. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Dividends on our common stock are paid on a quarterly basis. 
 
 All dividend distributions are made with the authorization of the board of directors at its discretion and depend on such items as our REIT taxable earnings, financial condition, maintenance of REIT status, and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. 
 
 The holders of our common stock share proportionally on a per share basis in all declared dividends on our common stock. We are required to distribute to our stockholders as dividends at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, computed without regard to our net capital gains and the deduction for dividends paid, and 90 of our net income, if any (after tax) from foreclosure property in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors," and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations," of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for information regarding the sources of funds used for dividends and for a discussion of factors, if any, which may adversely affect our ability to pay dividends at the same level in 2023 and thereafter. 
 
 The following table presents cash dividends declared on our common stock from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022: 
 Common Dividends Declared per Share Declaration Date Amount Record Date Date of Payment March 15, 2021 0.090 March 31, 2021 April 15, 2021 June 15, 2021 0.090 June 30, 2021 July 15, 2021 September 15, 2021 0.090 September 30, 2021 October 15, 2021 December 15, 2021 0.090 December 31, 2021 January 18, 2022 March 15, 2022 0.060 March 31, 2022 April 15, 2022 June 15, 2022 0.060 June 30, 2022 July 15, 2022 September 15, 2022 0.060 September 30, 2022 October 17, 2022 December 15, 2022 0.060 December 31, 2022 January 17, 2023 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 On December 16, 2015, we announced a share repurchase program, pursuant to which our Board authorized us to repurchase up to 10 million of our common shares. Under this program, we have discretion to determine the dollar amount of common shares to be repurchased and the timing of any repurchases in compliance with applicable law and regulations. The program does not have an expiration date. 
 
 The Company did not purchase any common shares under the plan during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 31 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections. 

Overview 
 
 We are a Maryland corporation that is focused on investing in, originating, financing and managing a portfolio of commercial real estate ("CRE") debt investments. 
 
 In January 2020, we entered into a series of transactions with subsidiaries of ORIX Corporation USA ("ORIX USA"), a diversified financial company with the ability to provide investment capital and asset management services to clients in the corporate, real estate and municipal finance sectors. We entered into a new management agreement with Lument IM, while another affiliate of ORIX USA purchased an ownership stake of approximately 5.0 through a privately-placed stock issuance. On February 22, 2022, the affiliate purchased an additional 13,071,895 shares of common stock from the transferable common stock rights offering, increasing its beneficial ownership in the Company to approximately 27.4 . These transactions have enhanced the scale of LFT and are expected to generate shareholder value through leveraging ORIX USA's expansive originations, asset management and servicing platform. 
 
 Lument IM is an affiliate of Lument, a nationally recognized leader in multifamily and seniors housing and care finance. The Company leverages Lument's broad platform and significant expertise when originating and underwriting investments. 
 
 We invest primarily in transitional floating rate CRE mortgage loans with an emphasis on middle market multifamily assets. We may also invest in other CRE-related investments including mezzanine loans, preferred equity, commercial mortgage-backed securities, fixed rate loans, construction loans and other CRE debt instruments. We finance our current investments in transitional multifamily and other CRE loans primarily through match term non-recourse CRE collateralized loan obligations ("CLOs"). We may utilize warehouse repurchase agreements or other forms of financing in the future. Our primary sources of income are net interest from our investment portfolio and non-interest income from our mortgage loan-related activities. Net interest income represents the interest income we earn on investments less the expense of funding these investments. 
 
 Our investments typically have the following characteristics: 
 
 Sponsors with experience in particular real estate sectors and geographic markets; 
 Located in U.S. markets with multiple demand drivers, such as growth in employment and household formation; 
 Fully funded principal balance greater than 5 million and generally less than 75 million; 
 Loan to Value ratio up to 85 of as-is value and up to 75 of as stabilized value; 
 Floating rate loans tied to one-month term SOFR, previously to one-month U.S. denominated LIBOR, and/or in the future potentially other index replacement; and 
 Three-year term with two one-year extension options. 
 
 We believe that our current investment strategy provides significant opportunities to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders over time. However, to capitalize on the investment opportunities at different points in the economic and real estate investment cycle, we may modify or expand our investment strategy. We believe that the flexibility of our strategy, which is supported by significant CRE experience of Lument's investment team, and the extensive resources of ORIX USA, will allow us to take advantage of changing market conditions to maximize risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders. 
 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT and comply with the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code with respect thereto. Accordingly, we are generally not subject to federal income tax on our REIT taxable income that we currently distribute to our stockholders so long as we maintain our qualification as a REIT. Our continued qualification as a REIT depends on our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, various complex requirements under the Internal Revenue Code relating to, among other things, the source of our gross income, the composition and values of our assets, our distribution levels and the concentration of ownership of our capital stock. Even if we maintain our qualification as a REIT, we may become subject to some federal, state and local taxes on our income generated in our wholly owned taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS"), Five Oaks Acquisition Corp. ("FOAC"). 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 The year ended December 31, 2022 has been characterized by significant volatility in global markets, driven by heightened inflation, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, higher interest rates, slowing economic growth, currency fluctuations, labor shortages and challenges in the supply chain and geopolitical uncertainty. Inflation reached generational highs in many economies, prompting central banks to take monetary policy tightening actions that have and are likely continue to create headwinds to economic growth. The ongoing war in Ukraine is also contributing to economic and geopolitical uncertainty. 
 
 The U.S. Federal Reserve has taken action to increase interest rates in order to control inflation which has created further uncertainty for the economy and our borrowers. Although our business model is such that rising interest rates will, all else being equal, correlate to increases in our net income, increases in interest rates may adversely affect our existing borrowers. Additionally, the anticipated continual rise in interest rates and unpredictable geopolitical landscape may cause further dislocation in the capital markets resulting in a continual reduction of available liquidity and an increase in borrowing costs. A lack of liquidity for a prolonged period of time could limit our ability to grow our business. It is difficult to predict the full impact of recent changes and any future changes in interest rates, inflation or its impact on the debt capital markets. 
 
 2022 Highlights 
 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders of 5.1 million, or 0.11 per share of common stock, and Distributable Earnings of 9.2 million, or 0.19 per share of common stock, with common dividends declared of 12.5 million, or 0.24 per share of common stock. Distributable Earnings is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a definition of Distributable Earnings and a reconciliation of our Distributable Earnings to our net income attributable to common stockholders, see "Key Financial Measure and Indicators." 
 Book value per share of common stock was 182.9 million, or 3.50 per share of common stock. 
 32 

Acquired eleven loans with an initial unpaid principal balance of 137.0 million with a weighted average interest rate of one month U.S. LIBOR plus 3.27 and a weighted average LIBOR floor of 0.11 . 
 Acquired twelve loans with an initial unpaid principal balance of 132.6 million with a weighted average interest rate of 30-day term SOFR plus 3.76 and a weighted average SOFR floor of 0.39 . 
 Originated five loans with an initial unpaid principal balance of 76.3 million with a weighted average interest rate of 30-day term SOFR plus 3.98 and a weighted average SOFR floor of 0.82 . 
 On February 22, 2022, the Company closed a transferable common stock rights offering. The Company issued and sold 27,277,269 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of approximately 83.5 million. 
 On February 22, 2022, the Company, together with its Credit Parties, entered into an amendment (the "Fourth Amendment") to the Credit and Guaranty Agreement. This amendment amended the maximum total net leverage covenant. 
 Incurred a 4.3 million provision for loan loss against our sole office loan, collateralized by an office building in Chicago. 

Factors Impacting Our Operating Results 
 
 Market conditions . The results of our operations are and will continue to be affected by a number of factors and primarily depend on, among other things, the level of our net interest income, the market value of our assets and the supply of, and demand for, our target assets in the marketplace. Our net interest income, will vary primarily as a result of changes in market interest rates and prepayment speeds, and by the ability of the borrowers underlying our commercial mortgage loans to continue making payments in accordance with the contractual terms of their loans, which may be impacted by unanticipated credit events experienced by such borrowers. Interest rates vary according to the type of investment, conditions in the financial markets, competition and other factors, none of which can be predicted with any certainty. Our operating results will also be affected by general U.S. real estate fundamentals and the overall U.S. economic environment. In particular, our strategy is influenced by the specific characteristics of the underlying real estate markets, including prepayment rates, credit market conditions and interest rate levels. This year has been characterized by significant volatility in global markets, driven by investor concerns over inflation, rising interest rates, slowing economic growth and geopolitical uncertainty. While there is debate among economists as whether such factors, coupled with economic contraction in the U.S. in 2022, indicate that the U.S. has entered, or in the near term will enter a recession, it remains difficult to predict the full impact of the recent changes and any future changes in interest rates or inflation. 
 
 Changes in market interest rates . Generally, our business model is such that rising interest rates will generally increase our net interest income, while declining interest rates will decrease our net interest income. As of December 31, 2022, 99.9 of our investments by total investment exposure earned a floating rate of interest, of which 77.4 were indexed to one-month LIBOR and 22.6 were indexed to 30-day term SOFR, and all of our collateralized loan obligations were indexed to one-month LIBOR, and as a result we are less sensitive to variability in our net interest income resulting from interest rate changes. Our net interest income currently benefits from LIBOR/SOFR floors in our commercial loan portfolio, with a weighted average LIBOR/SOFR floor of 0.27 as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, 99.0 of the loans in our commercial loan portfolio are structured with LIBOR/SOFR floors, none of which currently has a floor greater than the current spot interest rate. When interest rates are below our average interest rate floor, an increase in interest rates will decrease our net interest income until such time as interest rates rise above our average interest rate floor. Although our Manager is currently originating loans with SOFR floors, there can be no assurance that we will continue to obtain SOFR floors on future originations or LIBOR floors on future acquisitions. Similarly, net interest income is also impacted by the spread in our commercial mortgage loan portfolio As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average spread of our commercial loan portfolio was 3.43 , but there is no assurance that these spreads will be maintained as market environments fluctuate. Current market conditions have reflected a widening trend in commercial mortgage loan credit spreads which provide a benefit to interest income. 
 
 The Federal Reserve maintained the federal funds target range at 0.0 to 0.25 for much of 2021, however, in March 2022, the Federal Reserve approved a 0.25 rate increase and increased rates an additional six times during the year, raising the federal funds target range to 4.25 to 4.50 . On February 2, 2023 and March 22, 2023 the Federal Reserve approved its eighth and ninth rate increases, increasing the federal funds target range to 4.75 to 5.00 . The Federal Reserve has indicated that they remain highly attentive to inflation risks and foresee potential for further increases in interest rates throughout 2023 and 2024. 
 
 In addition to the risk related to fluctuations in cash flows associated with movement in interest rates, there is also the risk of non-performance on floating rate assets. In the case of significant increase in interest rates, the additional debt service payments due from our borrowers may strain the operating cash flows of the real estate assets underlying our mortgages and/or impact their ability to be refinanced at such higher interest rates, potentially, contribute to non-performance or, in severe cases, default. 
 
 On November 30, 2020, the ICE Benchmark Administration ("IBA"), with the support of the United States Federal Reserve and United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"), announced plans to consult on ceasing publication of LIBOR on December 31, 2021 for only one week and two month LIBOR tenors, and on June 30, 2023 for all other LIBOR tenors. While this announcement extends the transition period to June 2023, the United States Federal Reserve concurrently issued a statements advising banks to stop new LIBOR issuance by the end of 2021. On March 5, 2021, the FCA confirmed that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative" (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of the one week and two month U.S, dollar settings; and (b) immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings. In November 2022, the FCA announced a public consultation regarding whether it should compel the IBA to continue publishing "synthetic" USD LIBOR settings from June 2023 to the end of September 2024. The ARRC, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has proposed an alternative rate to replace U.S. Dollar LIBOR: the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). On July 29, 2021 the RRC ratified term rates for the one-, three- and six-month tenors based on SOFR futures traded. As of December 31, 2022, 77.4 of our commercial loans by principal balance and 100 of our collateralized loan obligations bear interest related to one-month U.S. LIBOR. We expect to complete the process of converting our LIBOR-based loans and CLO liabilities to term SOFR during the second quarter of 2023 in advance of the June 30, 2023 phase-out date for LIBOR. 
 
 Credit risk . Our commercial mortgage loans and other investments are also subject to credit risk. The performance and value of our loans and other investments depend upon the sponsor's ability to operate properties that serve as our collateral so that they produce cash flows adequate to pay interest and principal due to us. To monitor this risk, the Manager's asset management team reviews our portfolio and maintains regular contact with borrowers, co-lenders and local market experts to monitor the performance of the underlying collateral, anticipate borrower, property and market issues and, to the extent necessary or appropriate, enforce our rights as lender. The market values of commercial mortgage assets are subject to volatility and may be adversely affected by a number 
 33 

of factors, including, but not limited to, national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors); local real estate conditions; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; and retroactive changes to building or similar codes. In addition, decreases in property values reduce the value of the collateral and potential proceeds available to a borrower to repay the underlying loans, which could also cause us to suffer losses. As of December 31, 2022, 100 of the commercial mortgage loans in our portfolio were current as to principal and interest. Additionally, we have reviewed the loans designated as High Risk and Default Risk for impairment. Impairment of these loans, which are collateral dependent, is measured by comparing the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, less costs to sell, to the book value of the respective loan. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has identified one office loan as impaired and established an allowance for loan loss of 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Uncertainty about the severity and duration of the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as exacerbated by events related to virus strains, persist and potential exists for the credit risk of our portfolio to heighten further. We can provide no assurances that our borrowers will remain current as to principal and interest, or that we will not enter into forbearance agreements or loan modifications in order to protect the value of our commercial mortgage loan assets. Should that occur, it could have a material negative impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Liquidity and financing markets. Liquidity is a measurement of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to pay dividends, fund investments and repay borrowings and other general business needs. Our primary sources of liquidity have been proceeds of common or preferred stock issuance, net proceeds from corporate debt obligations, net cash provided by operating activities and other financing arrangements. We finance our commercial mortgage loans primarily with collateralized loan obligations, the maturities of which are matched to the maturities of the loans, and which are not subject to margin calls or additional collateralization requirements. However, to the extent that we seek to invest in additional commercial mortgage loans, outside of our CLO, we will in part be dependent on our ability to issue additional collateralized loan obligations, to secure alternative financing facilities or to raise additional common or preferred equity. The anticipated continual rise in interest rates and unpredictable geopolitical landscape may cause a further dislocation in the capital markets resulting in a continual reduction of available liquidity and an increase in borrowing costs. A lack of liquidity for a prolonged period of time could limit our ability to grow our business. 
 
 Prepayment speeds . Prepayment risk is the risk that principal will be repaid at a different rate than anticipated, causing the return on certain investments to be less than expected. As we receive prepayments of principal on our assets, any premiums paid on such assets are amortized against interest income. In general, an increase in prepayment rates accelerates the amortization of purchase premiums, thereby reducing the interest income earned on the assets. Conversely, discounts on such assets are accreted into interest income. In general, an increase in prepayment rates accelerates the accretion of purchase discounts, thereby increasing the interest earned on the assets. With the exception of nine loans acquired with an initial aggregate unpaid principal balance of 117.0 million with an aggregate purchase premium of 538,146 and aggregate purchase discount of 171,186, all of our commercial mortgage loans were acquired at par. As of December 31, 2022, our aggregate unamortized purchase premium was 19,253 and our purchase discount was fully amortized, and accordingly we do not believe this to be a material risk for us at present. Additionally, we are subject to prepayment risk associated with the terms of our collateralized loan obligations. Due to the generally short-term nature of transitional floating-rate commercial mortgage loans, our CLOs include a reinvestment period during which principal repayments and prepayments on our commercial mortgage loans may be reinvested in similar assets, subject to meeting certain eligibility criteria. The reinvestment period for LFT 2021-FL1 remains in place through December 2023. While the interest rate spreads of our collateralized loan obligations are fixed until they are repaid, the terms, including spreads, of newly originated loans are subject to uncertainty based on a variety of factors, including market and competitive conditions. To the extent that such conditions result in lower spreads on the assets in which we reinvest, we may be subject to a reduction in interest income in the future. However, our loan agreements provide for prepayment penalties which are intended to offset any potential reduction in future interest income. 
 
 Changes in market value of our assets . We account for our commercial mortgage loans at amortized cost. As such, our earnings will generally not be directly impacted by changes in the market values of these loans. However, if a loan is considered to be impaired as the result of adverse credit performance, an allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying value through a charge to the provision for loan losses. Impairment is typically measured by comparing the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, less costs to sell, to the book value of the respective loan. Provisions for loan losses will directly impact our earnings. 
 
 Governmental actions . Since 2008, when both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were placed under the conservatorship of the U.S. government, there have been a number of proposals to reform the U.S. housing finance system in general, and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in particular. We anticipate debate on residential housing and mortgage reform to continue through 2023 and beyond, but a deep divide persists between factions in Congress and as such it remains unclear what shape any reform would take and what impact, if any, reform would have on mortgage REITs. 

Key Financial Measure and Indicators 
 
 As a real estate investment trust, we believe the key financial measures and indicators for our business are earnings per share, dividends declared, Distributable Earnings, and book value per share of common stock. For the three months ended December 31, 2022, we recorded earnings per share of 0.02, declared a quarterly common dividend of 0.06 per share, and reported 0.06 per share of Distributable Earnings. In addition, our book value per share was 3.50 per share. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded earnings per share of 0.11, declared aggregate common dividends of 0.24 per share, and reported 0.19 per share of Distributable Earnings. 
 
 As further described below, Distributable Earnings is a measure that is not prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, which helps us to evaluate our performance excluding the effects of certain transactions and GAAP adjustments that we believe are not necessarily indicative of our current loan portfolio and operations. In addition, Distributable Earnings is a performance metric we consider when declaring our dividends. 
 
 Earnings Per Share and Dividends Declared 
 
 The following table sets forth the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share and dividends declared per share: 
 
 34 

Three Months Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2022 2021 Net income attributable to common stockholders 879,776 5,123,660 7,414,722 Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 52,231,152 48,342,347 24,945,824 Net income per share, basic and diluted 0.02 0.11 0.30 Dividends declared per share 0.06 0.24 0.36 
 
 Distributable Earnings 
 
 Distributable Earnings is a non-GAAP financial measure, which we define as GAAP net income (loss) attributable to holders of common stock, or, without duplication, owners of our subsidiaries, computed in accordance with GAAP, including realized losses not otherwise included in GAAP net income (loss) and excluding (i) non-cash equity compensation, (ii) depreciation and amortization, (iii) any unrealized gains or losses or other similar non-cash items that are included in net income for that applicable reporting period, regardless of whether such items are included in other comprehensive income (loss) or net income (loss), and (iv) one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP and certain material non-cash income or expense items after discussions with the Company's board of directors and approved by a majority of the Company's independent directors. 
 
 While Distributable Earnings excludes the impact of any unrealized provisions for credit losses, any loan losses are charged off and realized through Distributable Earnings when deemed non-recoverable. Non-recoverability is determined (i) upon the resolution of a loan (i.e. when the loan is repaid, fully or partially, or in the case of foreclosures, when the underlying asset is sold), or (ii) with respect to any amount due under any loan, when such amount is determined to be non-collectible. 
 
 We believe that Distributable Earnings provides meaningful information to consider in addition to our net income (loss) and cash flows from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP. We believe Distributable Earnings is a useful financial metric for existing and potential future holders of our common stock as historically, over time, Distributable Earnings has been a strong indicator of our dividends per share. As a REIT, we generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments, and therefore we believe our dividends are one of the principal reasons stockholders may invest in our common stock. Refer to Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our distribution requirements as a REIT. Furthermore, Distributable Earnings help us to evaluate our performance excluding the effects of certain transactions and GAAP adjustments that we believe are not necessarily indicative of our current loan portfolio and operations, and is a performance metric we consider when declaring our dividends. 
 
 Distributable Earnings does not represent net income (loss) or cash generated from operating activities and should not be considered as an alternative to GAAP net income (loss), or an indication of GAAP cash flows from operations, a measure of our liquidity, or an indication of funds available for our cash needs. In addition, our methodology for calculating Distributable Earnings may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies to calculate the same or similar performance measures, and accordingly, our reported Distributable Earnings may not be comparable to the Distributable Earnings reported by other companies. 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Distributable Earnings to GAAP net income: 
 
 Three Months Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2022 2021 Net income attributable to common stockholders 
 879,776 5,123,660 7,414,722 Unrealized gain (loss) on mortgage servicing rights 22,251 (243,659) 356,772 Unrealized provision for loan losses 2,385,731 4,258,668 Purchase premium payoffs 150,990 Loss on extinguishment of debt 1,663,926 Recognized compensation expense related to restricted common stock 3,433 15,980 15,608 Adjustment for (provision for) income taxes 31,728 11,088 77,894 Distributable Earnings 3,322,919 9,165,737 9,679,912 Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 52,231,152 48,342,347 24,945,824 Distributable Earnings per share, basic and diluted 0.06 0.19 0.39 
 
 Book Value Per Share 
 
 The following table calculates our book value per share: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total stockholders' equity 242,901,997 169,276,000 Less preferred stock (liquidation preference of 25.00 per share) (60,000,000) (60,000,000) Total common stockholders' equity 182,901,997 109,276,000 Common stock outstanding 52,231,152 24,947,883 Book value per share 3.50 4.38 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our common stockholders' equity was 182.9 million, and our book value per common share was 3.50 on a basic and fully diluted basis. Our equity increased by 73.6 million compared to our stockholders equity as of December 31, 2021 primarily as a result of the closing of the 
 35 

transferable rights offering generating net proceeds of approximately 81.1 million partially offset by 4.3 million allowance for loan loss and 3.2 million in distributions greater than net income. 

Investment Portfolio 
 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. based on our obligation to absorb losses derived from ownership of our residual interests. Accordingly, the Company consolidated the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of the underlying issuing entities, collateralized loan obligations. 
 
 The following table details our loan activity by unpaid principal balance: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Balance at December 31, 2021 1,001,825,294 Purchases and advances 345,158,577 Proceeds from principal repayments (270,926,723) Accretion of purchase discount 125,098 Amortization of purchase discount (61,144) Accretion of deferred loan fees 27,084 Provision for loan losses (4,258,668) Balance at December 31, 2022 1,071,889,518 
 
 The following table details overall statistics for our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 
 Weighted Average Loan Type Unpaid Principal Balance Carrying Value Loan Count Floating Rate Loan Coupon (1) 
 Term (Years) (2) 
 LTV (3) 
 December 31, 2022 Loans held-for-investment Senior secured loans (4) 
 1,076,865,099 1,076,148,186 71 100.0 7.6 3.5 71.5 Allowance for loan losses N/A (4,258,668) 1,076,865,099 1,071,889,518 71 100.0 7.6 3.5 71.5 
 
 Weighted Average Loan Type Unpaid Principal Balance Carrying Value Loan Count Floating Rate Loan Coupon(1) Life (Years)(2) LTV (3) 
 December 31, 2021 Loans held-for-investment Senior secured loans(4) 1,001,869,994 1,001,825,294 66 100.0 3.9 3.7 71.2 1,001,869,994 1,001,825,294 66 71 100.0 3.9 3.7 71.2 
 
 (1) Weighted average coupon assumes applicable one-month LIBOR of 4.18 and 0.10 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively and 30-day Term SOFR of 4.19 as of December 31, 2022 inclusive of weighted average interest rate floors of 0.27 and 0.49 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 77.4 of the investments by total exposure earned a floating rate indexed to one-month LIBOR and 22.6 of the investments by total investment exposure earned a floating rate indexed to 30-day Term SOFR. As of December 31, 2021, 100 of the investments by total investment exposure earned a floating rate indexed to one-month LIBOR. 
 (2) Weighted average term assumes all extension options are exercised by the borrower; provided, however, that our loans may be repaid prior to such date. 
 (3) LTV as of the date the loan was originated and is calculated after giving effect to capex and earnout reserves, if applicable. LTV has not been updated for any subsequent draws or loan modifications and is not reflective of any changes in value which may have occurred subsequent to origination date. 
 (4) As of December 31, 2022, 996,511,403 of the outstanding senior secured loans were held in VIEs and 75,378,115 of the outstanding senior secured loans were held outside VIEs. As of December 31, 2021, 974,025,294 of the outstanding senior secured loans were held in VIEs and 27,800,000 of the outstanding senior secured loans were held outside VIEs. 

The table below sets forth additional information relating to the Company's portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 

36 

Loan # Form of Investment Origination Date Total Loan Commitment (1) 
 Current Principal Amount Location Property Type Coupon Max Remaining Term (Years) LTV (2) 
 1 Senior secured December 16, 2021 54,455,784 51,375,000 Daytona, FL Multi-Family 1mL + 3.1 4.1 71.7 2 Senior secured November 22, 2019 42,600,000 36,781,588 Virginia Beach, VA Multi-Family 1mS + 3.3 2.0 77.1 3 Senior secured June 28, 2021 39,263,000 34,690,000 Barrington, NJ Multi-Family 1mL + 3.1 3.6 78.1 4 Senior secured November 2, 2021 33,500,000 33,500,000 Warner Robins, GA Multi-Family 1mL + 3.0 1.9 51.4 5 Senior secured June 8, 2021 35,877,500 33,360,000 Chattanooga, TN Multi-Family 1mL + 3.7 3.6 79.8 6 Senior secured June 8, 2021 32,500,000 30,576,666 Miami, FL Multi-Family 1mL + 3.2 3.6 74.3 7 Senior secured May 20, 2021 33,000,000 27,803,800 Marietta, GA Multi-Family 1mL + 3.1 3.5 77.0 8 Senior secured June 7, 2021 29,400,000 26,400,000 San Antonio, TX Multi-Family 1mL + 3.4 3.6 80.0 9 Senior secured August 26, 2021 27,268,000 24,832,000 Clarkston, GA Multi-Family 1mL + 3.5 3.7 79.0 10 Senior secured November 15, 2021 26,003,000 24,330,000 El Paso, TX Multi-Family 1mL + 3.1 4.0 76.0 11 Senior secured October 18, 2021 28,250,000 23,348,000 Cherry Hill, NJ Multi-Family 1mL + 3.0 3.9 72.4 12 Senior secured August 26, 2021 23,370,000 21,957,240 Union City, GA Multi-Family 1mL + 3.4 3.8 70.4 13 Senior secured November 16, 2021 21,975,000 20,960,000 Dallas, TX Multi-Family 1mL + 3.2 4.0 73.5 14 Senior secured August 31, 2021 21,750,000 20,700,000 Houston, TX Multi-Family 1mL + 3.3 3.8 74.2 15 Senior secured October 29, 2021 20,500,000 20,500,000 Knoxville, TN Multi-Family 1mL + 3.8 3.9 70.0 16 Senior secured November 29, 2022 21,283,348 20,360,000 Glendale, WI Healthcare 1mS + 4.0 4.0 45.0 17 Senior secured June 30, 2021 21,968,000 20,188,700 Jacksonville, FL Multi-Family 1mL + 3.5 3.6 77.1 18 Senior secured October 13, 2017 20,000,000 19,648,818 Seattle, WA Self Storage 1mL + 3.6 1.9 46.5 19 Senior secured November 5, 2021 20,965,000 19,200,000 Orlando, FL Multi-Family 1mL + 3.0 3.9 78.1 20 Senior secured November 21, 2022 21,135,000 18,920,000 Houston, TX Healthcare 1mS + 4.0 4.0 67.0 21 Senior secured February 11, 2022 20,165,000 18,599,480 Tampa, FL Multi-Family 1mS + 3.6 4.3 78.0 22 Senior secured November 23, 2021 19,925,000 18,400,000 Orange, NJ Multi-Family 1mL + 3.2 4.0 78.0 23 Senior secured October 12, 2021 17,500,000 17,500,000 Atlanta, GA Multi-Family 1mL + 3.2 1.8 42.9 24 Senior secured July 8, 2021 17,000,000 17,000,000 Knoxville, TN Multi-Family 1mL + 4.0 1.7 69.7 25 Senior secured November 10, 2022 18,590,000 16,690,000 Austin, TX Healthcare 1mS + 4.0 4.0 65.0 26 Senior secured December 28, 2018 24,123,000 16,672,623 Austin, TX Retail 1mL + 4.6 0.1 60.5 27 Senior secured September 30, 2021 17,583,000 16,663,000 Hanahan, SC Multi-Family 1mL + 3.2 3.8 76.4 28 Senior secured February 1, 2022 16,160,000 15,400,000 San Antonio, TX Multi-Family 1mS + 3.5 4.2 79.8 29 Senior secured April 12, 2021 17,000,000 15,000,000 Cedar Park, TX Multi-Family 1mL + 3.8 3.4 66.7 30 Senior secured February 22, 2022 18,241,527 15,000,000 Philadelphia, PA Multi-Family 1mS + 3.8 4.3 80.0 31 Senior secured December 2, 2021 16,250,000 14,857,637 Colorado Springs, CO Multi-Family 1mL + 3.0 4.0 72.5 32 Senior secured December 1, 2021 16,071,800 14,080,000 Horn Lake, MS Multi-Family 1mL + 3.3 4.0 75.7 
 37 

33 Senior secured November 21, 2022 15,735,000 14,030,000 Southlake, TX Healthcare 1mS + 4.0 4.0 48.0 34 Senior secured November 3, 2021 13,870,000 13,720,000 Louisville, KY Multi-Family 1mL + 3.4 3.9 75.4 35 Senior secured June 15, 2022 15,371,600 13,575,000 Denton, TX Multi-Family 1mS + 3.9 4.6 73.0 36 Senior secured May 28, 2021 13,675,000 13,332,734 Houston, TX Multi-Family 1mL + 3.4 1.5 73.8 37 Senior secured May 26, 2022 17,500,000 13,300,000 Brooklyn, NY Multi-Family 1mS + 3.8 2.5 64.3 38 Senior secured May 12, 2021 13,930,000 13,026,000 Fort Worth, TX Multi-Family 1mL + 3.4 3.5 74.9 39 Senior secured August 16, 2021 15,886,000 12,750,000 Columbus, OH Multi-Family 1mL + 3.7 3.8 75.0 40 Senior secured December 13, 2021 15,656,650 12,600,000 Evansville, IN Multi-Family 1mL + 3.3 4.1 74.3 41 Senior secured October 1, 2021 13,775,000 12,100,000 East Nashville, TN Multi-Family 1mL + 3.4 3.8 79.1 42 Senior secured June 28, 2022 12,880,000 11,470,000 Colorado Springs, CO Multi-Family 1mS + 3.9 4.6 73.1 43 Senior secured October 28, 2021 12,250,000 11,202,535 Tampa, FL Multi-Family 1mL + 3.0 3.9 75.7 44 Senior secured September 30, 2021 11,300,000 10,795,000 Clearfield, UT Multi-Family 1mL + 3.2 3.8 68.0 45 Senior secured April 23, 2021 11,600,000 10,497,000 Tualatin, OR Multi-Family 1mL + 3.2 3.4 73.9 46 Senior secured July 23, 2018 16,200,000 10,258,668 Chicago, IL Office 1mL + 3.8 0.7 72.7 47 Senior secured December 29, 2021 11,000,000 10,239,800 Phoenix, AZ Multi-Family 1mL + 3.7 4.1 75.9 48 Senior secured December 2, 2021 9,975,000 9,975,000 Tomball, TX Multi-Family 1mL + 3.4 4.0 68.5 49 Senior secured November 23, 2021 10,706,000 9,856,000 Atlanta, GA Multi-Family 1mL + 3.4 4.0 79.5 50 Senior secured January 14, 2022 10,234,000 9,609,250 Houston, TX Multi-Family 1mS + 3.6 4.2 78.8 51 Senior secured October 21, 2021 11,500,000 9,100,000 Madison, TN Multi-Family 1mL + 3.2 3.9 68.4 52 Senior secured November 30, 2021 11,276,000 8,400,000 Lindenwood, NJ Multi-Family 1mL + 3.6 4.0 76.4 53 Senior secured May 12, 2021 8,950,000 8,220,000 Lakeland, FL Multi-Family 1mL + 3.4 3.5 76.8 54 Senior secured June 22, 2022 9,772,000 8,175,500 Des Moines, IA Multi-Family 1mS + 4.0 4.6 72.0 55 Senior secured April 7, 2021 10,152,000 7,963,794 Phoenix, AZ Multi-Family 1mL + 3.6 3.4 69.5 56 Senior secured June 24, 2022 7,934,160 7,934,160 Monks Corner, SC Multi-Family 1mS + 4.2 4.6 67.8 57 Senior secured October 29, 2021 9,000,000 7,934,000 Riverside, MO Multi-Family 1mL + 3.4 3.9 76.6 58 Senior secured November 16, 2021 7,680,000 7,680,000 Cape Coral, FL Multi-Family 1mL + 3.3 2.0 79.2 59 Senior secured September 28, 2021 8,125,000 7,286,000 Chicago, IL Multi-Family 1mL + 3.7 3.8 75.9 60 Senior secured February 18, 2022 7,800,000 7,200,000 Drexel Hills, PA Multi-Family 1mS + 4.0 4.3 78.1 61 Senior secured December 19, 2022 6,325,000 6,325,000 Asheville, NC Multi-Family 1mS + 3.8 2.6 41.1 62 Senior secured July 1, 2021 7,285,000 6,290,000 Harker Heights, TX Multi-Family 1mL + 3.6 3.6 72.3 63 Senior secured April 27, 2022 55,220,000 6,000,000 North Brunswick, NJ Multi-Family 1mS + 3.4 4.4 79.9 64 Senior secured May 21, 2021 7,172,000 5,994,000 Youngtown, AZ Multi-Family 1mL + 3.7 3.5 71.4 65 Senior secured October 26, 2021 6,807,000 5,812,000 Indianapolis, IN Multi-Family 1mL + 3.9 3.9 77.1 
 38 

66 Senior secured June 10, 2019 6,000,000 5,295,605 San Antonio, TX Multi-Family 1mL + 2.9 1.6 62.9 67 Senior secured April 30, 2021 5,472,000 5,285,500 Daytona Beach, FL Multi-Family 1mL + 3.7 3.4 77.4 68 Senior secured December 13, 2021 6,799,000 5,250,000 Evansville, IN Multi-Family 1mL + 3.3 4.1 73.9 69 Senior secured July 14, 2021 6,048,000 5,248,000 Birmingham, AL Multi-Family 1mL + 3.7 3.7 71.7 70 Senior secured November 19, 2021 6,453,000 5,040,000 Huntsville, AL Multi-Family 1mL + 3.8 4.0 78.8 71 Senior secured December 28, 2021 52,800,000 2,800,000 Houston, TX Multi-Family 1mS + 3.3 4.1 71.2 
 
 (1) See Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of unfunded commitments. 
 (2) LTV as of the date the loan was originated by a Hunt/ORIX affiliate and is calculated after giving effect to capex and earnout reserves, if applicable. LTV has not been updated for any subsequent draws or loan modifications and is not reflective of any changes in value which may have occurred subsequent to origination date. 
 
 During the period ended December 31, 2022, management identified one loan, collateralized by an office building, with an unpaid principal value of 10.3 million as impaired, reflecting a decline in collateral value attributable to (i) recent and near term vacancies at the property; (ii) new information available during the year ended December 31, 2022 regarding the addition of office space supply that will increase the submarket vacancy rate in the local market and (iii) declining market conditions. As of August 8, 2022, this loan has been placed in maturity default. We entered into a forbearance agreement with the borrower extending the maturity date to December 2022 to allow the borrower more time to market and sell the property, however the borrower was unable to execute a sale in this timeframe. Subsequent to the December 2022 maturity, the loan paid off generating net proceeds of approximately 6 million. Based on this review, a reserve of 4.3 million was recorded for this impaired loan in the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, this loan was placed on non-accrual as result of the impaired loan classification, however, the borrower remained current on debt service payments through December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the period ended December 31, 2022, management identified one loan, collateralized by a multifamily property, with an unpaid principal value of 12.8 million as impaired due to monetary default, however, no reserve is required after analysis of underlying collateral value. However, this loan was placed on non-accrual as a result of the impaired loan classification. 
 
 We maintain strong relationships with our borrowers and utilized those relationships to address potential impacts on loans secured by properties experiencing cash flow pressure. All of our loans are current with respect to principal and interest, other than the loans discussed above, however, we will continue to engage in discussions with them should these difficulties arrive. 
 
 We have not entered into any forbearance agreements or loan modifications to date, other than the forbearance agreement discussed above. However, we can provide no assurances that our borrowers will remain current as to principal and interest, or that we will not enter into any forbearance agreements or loan modifications on order to protect the value of our commercial mortgage loan assets. 
 
 The average risk rating of the portfolio has increased during the year ended December 31, 2022. The change in underlying risk rating consisted of loans that paid off with a risk rating of "2" of 144.6 million, a risk rating of "3" of 103.5 million and a risk rating of "4" of 9.5 million, offset by purchases of commercial mortgage loans with a risk rating of "2" of 85.9 million, a risk rating of "3" of 231.7 million and a risk rating of "4" of 15.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, 437.0 million of loans with a risk rating of "2" transitioned to a risk rating of "3", 32.4 million of loans with a risk rating of "2" transitioned to a risk rating of "4", 47.7 million of loans with a risk rating of "3" transitioned to a risk rating of "2", 12.8 million of loans transitioned from a risk rating of "3" to a risk rating of "5", 5.3 million of loans transitioned from a risk rating of "4" to a risk rating of "3", and a loan with an unpaid principal balance of 10.3 million transitioned from a risk rating of "4" to a risk rating of "5". The following table presents the principal balance and net book value based on our internal risk ratings: 
 
 December 31, 2022 Amortized Cost by Year of Origination Risk Rating Number of Loans Outstanding Principal 2022 2021 2019 2018 2017 1 2 11 153,933,750 85,198,084 67,999,500 3 55 852,474,681 101,654,140 672,421,907 42,077,193 16,672,623 19,668,071 4 3 47,448,000 15,000,000 32,448,000 5 2 23,008,668 12,750,000 6,000,000 71 1,076,865,099 201,852,224 785,619,407 42,077,193 22,672,623 19,668,071 
 
 Collateralized Loan Obligations 
 
 We may seek to enhance returns on our commercial mortgage loan investments through securitizations, or CLOs, if available, as well as the utilization of warehouse or repurchase agreement financing. To the extent available, we intend to securitize the senior portion of some of our loans, while retaining the subordinate securities in our investment portfolio. The securitizations of this senior portion will be accounted for as either a "sale" or as a "financing." If they are accounted for as a sale, the loan will be removed from the balance sheet and if they are accounted for as a financing the loans will be classified as "commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment" in our consolidated balance sheets, depending on the structure of the securitization. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying amounts and outstanding principal balances of our collateralized loan obligations were 803.3 million and 833.8 million, respectively. See Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional terms and details of our CLOs. 
 39 

FOAC and Changes to Our Residential Mortgage Loan Business 
 
 In June 2013, we established FOAC as a Taxable REIT Subsidiary, or TRS, to increase the range of our investments in mortgage-related assets. Until August 1, 2016, FOAC aggregated mortgage loans primarily for sale into securitization transactions, with the expectation that we would purchase the subordinated tranches issued by the related securitization trusts, and that these would represent high quality credit investments for our portfolio. Residential mortgage loans for which FOAC owns the MSRs continue to be directly serviced by two licensed sub-servicers since FOAC does not directly service any residential mortgage loans. 
 
 As noted above, we previously determined to cease the aggregation of prime jumbo loans for the foreseeable future, and therefore no longer maintain warehouse financing to acquire prime jumbo loans. We do not expect the previous changes to our mortgage loan business strategy to impact the existing MSRs that we own, nor the securitizations we have sponsored to date. 
 
 Pursuant to a Master Agreement dated June 15, 2016, as amended on August 29, 2016, January 30, 2017 and June 27, 2018, among MAXEX, LLC ("MAXEX"), MAXEX Clearing LLC, MAXEX's wholly-owned clearinghouse subsidiary and FOAC, FOAC provided seller eligibility review services under which it reviewed, approved and monitored sellers that sold loans via MAXEX Clearing LLC. To the extent that a seller approved by FOAC fails to honor its obligations to repurchase a loan based on an arbitration finding that it breached its representations and warranties, FOAC was obligated to backstop the seller's repurchase obligation. The term of such backstop guarantee was the earlier of the contractual maturity of the underlying mortgage and its repayment in full. However, the incidence of claims for breaches of representations and warranties over time is considered unlikely to occur more than five years from the sale of a mortgage. FOAC's obligations to provide such seller eligibility review and backstop guarantee services terminated on November 28, 2018. Pursuant to an Assumption Agreement dated December 31, 2018, among MAXEX Clearing LLC and FOAC, MAXEX Clearing LLC assumed all of FOAC's obligations under its backstop guarantees and agreed to indemnify and hold FOAC harmless against any losses, liabilities, costs, expenses and obligations under the backstop guarantee. FOAC paid MAXEX Clearing LLC, as the replacement backstop provider, a fee of 426,770 (the "Alternative Backstop Fee"). MAXEX Clearing LLC represented to FOAC in the Assumption Agreement that it (i) is rated at least "A" (or equivalent) by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating agency or (ii) has (a) adjusted tangible net worth of at least 20.0 million and (b) minimum available liquidity equal to the greater of (x) 5.0 million and (y) 0.1 multiplied by the scheduled unpaid principal balance of each outstanding loan covered by the backstop guarantees. MAXEX's chief financial officer is required to certify ongoing compliance by MAXEX Clearing LLC with the aforementioned criteria on a quarterly basis and if MAXEX Clearing LLC fails to satisfy such criteria, MAXEX Clearing LLC is required to deposit into an escrow account for FOAC's benefit an amount equal to the greater of (A) the unamortized Alternative Backstop Fee for each outstanding loan covered by the backstop guarantee and (B) the product of 0.01 multiplied by the scheduled unpaid principal balance of each outstanding loan covered by the backstop guarantees. See Notes 13 and 14 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for a further description of MAXEX. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the use of estimates and assumptions that involve the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties. Accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we consider to be the most critical to understanding our financial statements because they involve significant judgments and uncertainties that could affect our reported assets and liabilities, as well as our reported revenues and expenses. All of these estimates reflect our best judgments about current, and for some estimates, future economic and market conditions and their effects based on information available as of the date of the financial statements. If conditions change from those expected, it is possible that the judgments and estimates described below could change, which may result in a change in our interest income recognition, allowance for loan losses, future impairment of our investments, and valuation of our investment portfolio, among other effects. We believe that the following accounting policies are among the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments: 
 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans Held-for-Investment 
 
 Commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment represent floating-rate transitional loans and other commercial mortgage loans purchased by the Company. These loans include loans sold into securitizations that the Company consolidates. Commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment are intended to be held-to-maturity and, accordingly, are carried at their unpaid principal balances, adjusted for net unamortized loan fees and costs (in respect of originated loans), premiums and discounts (in respect of purchased loans) and impairment, if any. 
 
 Interest income is recognized as revenue using the effective interest method and is recorded on the accrual basis according to the terms of the underlying loan agreement. Any fees, costs, premiums and discounts associated with these loan investments are deferred and amortized over the term of the loan on a straight line basis approximating the effective interest method. Income accrual is generally suspended and loans are placed on non-accrual status on the earlier of the date at which payment has become 90 days past due or when full and timely collection of interest and principal is considered not probable. The Company may return a loan to accrual status when repayment of principal and interest is reasonably assured under the terms of the underlying loan agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held two loans placed on non-accrual status where interest income is accounted for on a cash basis. 
 
 Quarterly, the Company assesses the risk factors of each loan classified as held-for-investment and assigns a risk rating based on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, debt-service coverage ratio ("DSCR"), loan-to-value ratio ("LTV"), property type, geographic and local market dynamics, physical condition, leasing and tenant profile, adherence to business plan and exit plan, maturity default risk and project sponsorship. The Company's loans are rated on a 5-point scale, from least risk to greatest risk, respectively, which ratings are described as follows: 
 
 1. Very Low Risk : exceeds expectations and is outperforming underwriting or it is very likely that the underlying loan can be refinanced easily in the period's prevailing capital market conditions 
 2. Low Risk : meeting or exceeding underwritten expectations 
 3. Moderate Risk : in-line with underwritten expectations or the sponsor may be in the early stages of executing the business plan and the loan structure appropriately mitigates additional risks 
 4. High Risk : potential risk of default, a loss may occur in the event of default 
 5. Default Risk : imminent risk of default, a loss is likely in the event of default 
 
 The Company evaluates each loan rated High Risk or above as to whether it is impaired on a quarterly basis. Impaired loans are individually evaluated based on the Company's quarterly assessment of each loan and assignment of a risk rating. Impairment occurs when the Company determines that the facts and 
 40 

circumstances of the loan deem it probable that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan. If a loan is considered to be impaired, an allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying value of the loan through a charge to the provision for loan losses. Impairment of these loans, all of which are deemed collateral dependent, is measured by comparing the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, less costs to sell, to the book value of the respective loan. These valuations require significant judgments, which include assumptions regarding capitalization rates, leasing, creditworthiness of major tenants, occupancy rates, availability of financing, exit plan, actions of other lenders, and other factors deemed necessary by the Manager. Actual losses, if any, could ultimately differ from estimated losses. As of December 31, 2022, the Company identified its sole office loan collateralized by an office building in Chicago, as impaired and established an allowance of 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 3 for further detail. 
 
 In addition, the Company evaluates the entire portfolio to determine whether the portfolio has any impairment that requires a valuation allowance on the remainder of the loan portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not recognized any additional impairments on its loans held-for-investment, other than the loan noted above. We also assessed the remainder of the loan portfolio, considering the absence of delinquencies and current market conditions, and, as such has not recorded any allowance for loan losses. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Losses 
 
 In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued ASU 2013-16 "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses - Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (Topic 326)," or ASU 2016-13. ASU 2016-13 significantly changes how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value through net income. ASU 2016-13 will replace the incurred loss model under existing guidance with a current expected credit loss, or CECL, model for instruments measure at amortized cost, and require entities to record allowances for available-for-sale debt securities rather than reduce the carrying amount, as they do under the other-than-temporary impairment model. It also simplifies the accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loan. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 and is to be adopted through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 The CECL reserve required under ASU 2016-13 is a valuation account that is deducted from the related loans' and debt securities' amortized cost basis on our consolidated balance sheets, and which will reduce our total stockholders' equity. The initial CECL reserve recorded on January 1, 2023 will be reflected as a direct charge to retained earnings; however future changes to CECL reserve will be recognized through net income on our consolidated statements of operations. While ASU 2016-13 does not require any particular method for determining the CECL allowance, it does specify the allowance should be based on relevant information about past events, including historical loss experience, current portfolio and market conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts for the duration of each respective loan. In addition, other than a few narrow exceptions, ASU 2016-13 requires that all financial instruments subject to the CECL model have some amount of reserve to reflect the GAAP principal underlying the CECL model that all loans, debt securities, and similar assets have some inherent risk of loss, regardless of credit quality, subordinate capital, or other mitigating factors. 
 
 In the absence of any Company history of valuation reserves or realized loan losses since our inception in 2013, other than one office loan, the Company elected to utilize a widely-used analytical model incorporating a loss-given-default methodology and loan performance data for over 100,000 commercial real estate loans dating back to 1998. The Company expects to utilize this data set, or variants of it, unless the Company develops its own history of realized losses. The Company selected for use in its CECL estimate a weighted macroeconomic forecast that includes baseline, optimistic and pessimistic scenarios during the reasonable forecast period. The Company determined the key variables driving its CECL loss estimate are debt service coverage ratio and LTV ratio. Other notable variables include property type, property location and loan vintage. 
 
 Upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2023, the Company expects that, based on current expectations of future economic conditions, its general allowance for credit losses on loans held for investment, including future loan funding commitments, will be between 3.0 million and 4.025633 million, or 0.30 and 0.40 of the Company's total loan commitment balance of 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2022. The Company currently has 4.3 million in specific reserves recorded in its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for the complete listing of our significant accounting policies. 

Capital Allocation 
 
 The following tables set forth our allocated capital by investment type at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 
 This information constitutes non-GAAP financial measures within the meaning of Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K, as promulgated by the SEC. We believe that this non-GAAP information enhances the ability of investors to better understand the capital necessary to support each income-earning asset category, and thus our ability to generate operating earnings. While we believe that the non-GAAP information included in this report provides supplemental information to assist investors in analyzing our portfolio, these measures are not in accordance with GAAP, and they should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, our financial information calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 December 31, 2022 Commercial Mortgage Loans MSRs Unrestricted Cash (1) 
 Total (2) 
 Market Value 1,071,889,518 795,656 43,858,515 1,116,543,689 Collateralized Loan Obligations (829,310,498) (829,310,498) Other (3) 
 3,533,345 (4,301,847) (768,502) Restricted Cash 3,507,850 3,507,850 Capital Allocated 249,620,215 795,656 39,556,668 289,972,539 Capital 86.1 0.3 13.6 100.0 
 41 

December 31, 2021 Commercial Mortgage Loans MSRs Unrestricted Cash (1) 
 Total (2) 
 Market Value 1,001,825,294 551,997 14,749,046 1,017,126,337 Collateralized Loan Obligations (826,782,543) (826,782,543) Other (3) 
 25,769,860 (3,422,658) 22,347,202 Restricted Cash 3,530,006 3,530,006 Capital Allocated 204,342,617 551,997 11,326,388 216,221,002 Capital 94.5 0.3 5.2 100.0 
 
 1. Includes cash and cash equivalents. 
 2. Includes the carrying value of our Secured Term Loan. 
 3. Includes principal and interest receivable, prepaid and other assets, interest payable, dividends payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities. 

Results of Operations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we consolidated the assets and liabilities of one CRE CLO, LFT CRE 202-FL1, Ltd. Additionally, although the COVID-19 pandemic did not significantly impact our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022, should the pandemic and resulting economic deterioration persist, we expect it may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows going forward, including but not limited to, interest income credit losses and commercial mortgage loan reinvestment, in ways that may vary widely depending on the duration and magnitude of the COVID-19 pandemic and ensuing economic turmoil, as well as numerous other factors, many of which are outside of our control. 
 
 Further in May 2021, we issued 2,400,000 shares of 7.875 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock resulting in net proceeds (after underwriting discount and commission but before operating expenses) of 58.1 million. On August 23, 2021, the Incremental Secured Term Loan of 7.5 million provided for in the Third Amendment to the Credit and Guaranty Agreement was funded. Additionally, in February 2022, we issued 27,277,269 shares of common stock resulting in net proceeds of 81.1 million. We believe that Lument IM and its affiliates continue to identify attractive CRE lending opportunities, which we expect will allow us to deploy our capital base into assets that are consistent with our investment strategy. The deployment of these proceeds into our target assets took time and as such, and resulted in a temporary decline in net interest income. Additionally, as a result of the Series A Preferred Stock issuances, Stockholders' Equity as calculated per our management agreement will increase, resulting in increased management fees, changes to the core earnings hurdle over which incentive fees are due and payable to our Manager and increase the reimbursable expense cap. 
 
 The table below presents certain information from our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 
 42 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 2021 Revenues: Interest income: Commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment 56,610,324 36,162,050 Cash and cash equivalents 74,676 28,779 Interest expense: Collateralized loan obligations (29,055,324) (12,178,545) Secured term loan (3,754,872) (3,333,536) Net interest income 23,874,804 20,678,748 Other income: Provision for loan losses (4,258,668) Realized loss on mortgage servicing rights (10,910) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on mortgage servicing rights 243,659 (356,772) Loss on extinguishment of debt (1,663,926) Servicing income, net 347,838 398,939 Total other (loss) (3,667,171) (1,632,669) Expenses: Management fee 4,197,819 3,041,600 General and administrative expenses 3,467,653 2,879,655 Operating expenses reimbursable to Manager 2,116,636 2,038,130 Other operating expenses 309,797 280,970 Compensation expense 240,980 200,608 Total expenses 10,332,885 8,440,963 Net income before provision for income taxes 9,874,748 10,605,116 Benefit from income taxes (11,088) (77,894) Net income 9,863,660 10,527,222 Dividends to preferred stockholders (4,740,000) (3,112,500) Net income attributable to common stockholders 5,123,660 7,414,722 Earnings per share: Net income attributable to common stockholders (basic and diluted) 5,123,660 7,414,722 Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding 48,342,347 24,945,824 Basic and diluted income per share 0.11 0.30 Dividends declared per share of common stock 0.24 0.36 
 
 Net Income Summary 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net income attributable to common stockholders was 5,123,660 or 0.11 basic and diluted net income per average share, compared with net income of 7,414,722 or 0.30 basic and diluted net loss per share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The principal drivers of this net income variance were an increase in total expenses from 8,440,963 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 10,332,885 for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase total other loss from 1,632,669 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 3,667,171 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and an increase in preferred dividends from 3,112,500 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 4,740,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, which more than offset an increase in net interest income from 20,678,748 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 23,874,804 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our net interest income was 23,874,804 and 20,678,748, respectively. The increase was primarily due to (i) a 306.1 million increase in weighted-average principal balance of our CLO loan portfolio; (ii) a 160bps increase in weighted-average floating rate of our loan portfolio and (iii) a 2bps decrease in weighted-average spread for our CLO liabilities. This was offset by (i) a 184.0 million increase in weighted-average principal balance of our CLO liabilities; (ii) a decrease in exit/extension/prepayment fees of 2.5 million for our loan portfolio; (iii) a decrease of 82bps in weighted-average LIBOR/SOFR floors on our CLO loan portfolio for the year-ended December 31, 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021; (iv) a 14bps decrease in weighted-average spread on the loan portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021; (v) a 161bps increase in weighted-average LIBOR for our CLO liabilities and (vi) an increase of 0.5 million in amortized debt issuance costs. 
 
 As disclosed above, we experienced a decrease of 2.5 million in exit/extension/prepayment fees for the year ended December 31, 2022. The primary driver of this change was attributed to exit fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced loan payoffs on 12 loans with net principal balances of 133.1 million which generated exit fees of 1.3 million included in interest income and 9 loans with net principal balances of 128.9 million which waived exit fees of 1.2 million resulting in a reduction to expense reimbursement of 0.6 million included in operating expenses reimbursable to Manager. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we experienced loan payoffs on 25 loans with net principal balances of 430.2 million which generated exit fees of 4.0 
 43 

million included in interest income and 5 loans with net principal balances of 51.1 million which waived exit fees of 0.6 million resulting in a reduction to expense reimbursement of 0.3 million included in operating expenses reimbursable to Manager. 
 
 Other (Loss) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a loss of 3,667,171. This loss was driven by allowance for loan losses of 4,258,668 which more than offset the impact of net unrealized gains on mortgage servicing rights of 243,659 as a result of increased interest rates in the period and net mortgage servicing income of 347,838. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a loss of 1,632,669. This loss was primarily driven by loss on extinguishment of debt of 1,663,926 resulting from the unwind of Hunt CRE 2018-FL2 and the impact of net unrealized losses on mortgage servicing rights of 356,772 caused by decreased unpaid principal balances, which more than offset net mortgage servicing income of 398,939. 
 
 The year-over-year increase in other loss was primarily due to the loss on extinguishment of debt from the unwind of Hunt CRE 2018-FL2, the allowance for loan loss taken in 2022 and the change in unrealized gain on mortgage servicing rights as a result of increased interest rates in the period reducing the CPR of the servicing portfolio. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 We incurred management and incentive fees of 4,197,819 for the year ended December 31, 2022 representing amounts payable to our Manager under our management agreement. We also incurred operating expenses of 6,135,066, of which 2,116,636 was payable to our Manager and 4,018,430 was payable to third parties. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred management and incentive fees of 3,041,600 representing amounts payable to our Manager under our management agreement. We also incurred operating expenses of 5,399,363, of which 2,038,130 was payable to our Manager and 3,361,233 was payable to third parties. 
 
 The year-over-year increase in expenses primarily reflects an increase in management, accounting, administration, audit, CLO, compensation, legal, listing and professional fees and expense reimbursement. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recognized a provision for income taxes in the amount of 11,088 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a provision for income taxes in the amount of 77,894. The year-over-year decrease in tax expense primarily reflects the change in gross deferred revenue at FOAC due to the change in unrealized loss on mortgage servicing rights. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity is a measurement of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to pay dividends, fund investments, comply with margin requirements, if any, and repay borrowings and other general business needs. Our primary sources of liquidity have been met with net proceeds of common or preferred stock issuance, net proceeds from debt offerings and net cash provided by operating activities. We have added to our liquidity position in February 2022, by completing a transferable common stock rights offering issuing and selling 27,277,269 shares of common stock for net proceeds of approximately 81.1 million and in May 2021 by issuing 2,400,000 shares of 7.875 Series a Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock resulting in net proceeds (after underwriting discount and commission but before operating expense) of 58.1 million. We finance our commercial mortgage loans primarily with match term collateralized loan obligations, which are not subject to margin calls or additional collateralization requirements. On June 14, 2021, we closed LFT CRE 2021-FL1 issuing eight tranches of CLO notes totaling 903.8 million. Of the total CLO notes issued 833.8 million were investment grade notes issued to third-party investors and 70 million were below investment-grade notes retained by us. On August 23, 2021, we drew an additional 7.5 million of our Secured Term Loan pursuant to the Third Amendment. As of December 31, 2022, our balance sheet included 47.8 million of a secured term loan and 833.8 million in collateralized loan financing, gross of discounts and debt issuance costs. Our secured term loan matures in January 2026 and our collateralized loan financing is term-matched and matures in 2039 or later. However, to the extent that we seek to invest in additional commercial mortgage loans, we will in part be dependent on our ability to issue additional collateralized loan obligations to secure alternative financing facilities or to raise additional common or preferred equity. The anticipated continual rise in interest rates and unpredictable geopolitical landscape may cause a further dislocation in the capital markets resulting in a continual reduction of available liquidity and an increase in borrowing costs. A lack of liquidity for a prolonged period of time could limit our ability to grow our business. 
 
 If we were required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we previously recorded our assets, particularly in a financial market that has been significantly disrupted and less liquid as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Assets that are illiquid are more difficult to finance, and to the extent that we use leverage to finance assets that become illiquid, we may lose that leverage or have it reduced if such leverage is, at least in part, dependent on the market value of our assets. Assets tend to become less liquid during times of financial stress, which is often the time that liquidity is most needed. As a result, our ability to sell assets or vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be limited by liquidity constraints, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We seek to limit our exposure to illiquidity risk to the extent possible, by ensuring that the collateralized loan obligations that we use to finance our commercial mortgage loans are not subject to margin calls or other limitations that are dependent on the market value of the related loan collateral. 
 
 We intend to continue to maintain a level of liquidity in relation to our assets that enables us to meet reasonably anticipated investment requirements and unforeseen business needs but that also allows us to be substantially invested in our target assets. We may misjudge the appropriate amount of our liquidity by maintaining excessive liquidity, which would lower our investment returns, or by maintaining insufficient liquidity, which would force us to liquidate assets into unfavorable market conditions and harm our operating results. As of December 31, 2022, we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 43.9 million, compared to 14.7 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 47.8 million in outstanding principal under our Senior Secured Term Loan, with a borrowing rate of 7.25 . As of December 31, 2022, the ratio of our recourse debt to our equity was 0.2:1. 
 
 44 

As of December 31, 2022, we consolidated the assets and liabilities of LFT 2021-FL1, Ltd. The assets of the trust are restricted and can only be used to fulfill their respective obligations, and accordingly the obligations of the trust, which we classify as collateralized loan obligations, do not have any recourse to us as the consolidator of the trust. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of these non-recourse liabilities aggregated to 829.3 million. As of December 31, 2022, our total debt-to-equity ratio was 3.6:1 on a GAAP basis. 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table sets forth changes in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 16,289,054 13,846,947 Cash Flows From Investing Activities (51,831,854) (477,291,621) Cash Flows From Financing Activities 64,630,113 412,348,370 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 29,087,313 (51,096,304) 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash increased by 29.1 million and for the year ended December 31, 2021, cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash decreased by 51.1 million. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, net cash provided by operating activities totaled 16.3 million and 13.8 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our cash flows from operating activities were primarily driven by 26.1 million of interest received from the junior retained notes and preferred shares of LFT 2021-FL1, Ltd., a VIE we consolidated, 3.3 million of interest received from our senior secured loans held outside the VIE we consolidate and 0.3 million of cash received from mortgage servicing rights exceeding cash interest expense paid on our Secured Term Loan of 3.5 million, management fees of 4.2 million, expense reimbursements of 2.3 million and other operating expenditures of 3.5 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our cash flows from operating activities were primarily driven by 23.8 million of interest received from the junior retained notes and preferred shares of Hunt CRE 2017-FL1, Ltd., Hunt CRE 2018-FL2, Ltd. and LFT 2021-FL1, Ltd., the CRE CLOs we consolidate, 0.6 million of interest received from our senior secured loans held outside the CRE CLOs we consolidate and 0.4 million of cash received from mortgage servicing rights exceeding cash interest expense paid on our Secured Term Loan of 3.1 million, management fees of 2.7 million, expense reimbursement of 1.7 million and other operating expenditures of 3.4 million. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities totaled 51.8 million. This was a result of the cash used for the purchase and funding of commercial mortgage loans held for investment exceeding the principal repayment of commercial mortgage loans held for investment during the period. For the year ended December 31, 2021 net cash provided by investing activities totaled 477.3 million. This was a result of the cash received from principal repayments of commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment exceeding the purchase and funding of commercial mortgage loans held for investment for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities totaled 64.6 million and primarily related to proceeds from issuance of common stock of 81.1 million, which more than offset payments of common and preferred dividends of 16.4 million payment of debt issuance costs of 0.1 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in financing activities totaled 412.3 million and primarily related to proceeds from issuance of our Series A Preferred Stock of 57.3 million, proceeds from issuance of collateralized loan obligations of 833.8 million and proceeds from our Secured Term Loan of 7.5 million which more than offset by payments of common and preferred dividends of 12.1 million, repayment of collateralized loan obligations of 465.3 million and payment of debt issuance costs of 8.7 million. 

Forward-Looking Statements Regarding Liquidity 
 
 Based upon our current portfolio, leverage rate and available borrowing arrangements, we believe that the net proceeds of our prior equity sales, combined with cash flow from operations and available borrowing capacity will be sufficient to enable us to meet anticipated short-term (one year or less) liquidity requirements to fund our investment activities, pay fees under our management agreement, fund our distributions to stockholders and for other general corporate expenses. 
 
 Our ability to meet our long-term (greater than one year) liquidity and capital resource requirements will be subject to, amongst other things, obtaining additional debt financing and equity capital. We may increase our capital resources by obtaining long-term credit facilities, additional collateralized loan obligations or making additional public or private offerings of equity or debt securities, possibly including classes of preferred stock, common stock and senior or subordinated notes. 
 
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our "REIT taxable income" (determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain). These distribution requirements limit our ability to retain earnings and thereby replenish or increase capital for operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not maintain any relationships with unconsolidated financial partnerships, or special purpose or variable interest entities established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Further, as of December 31, 2022, we had not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities or entered into any commitment or intent to provide funding to any such entities. 
 
 45 

In connection with the provision of seller eligibility and backstop guarantee services provided to MAXEX, we previously accounted for the related non-contingent liability at its fair value on our consolidated balance sheet as a liability. As of December 31, 2022, pursuant to an Assumption Agreement dated December 31, 2018, among MAXEX Clearing LLC and FOAC, MAXEX Clearing LLC assumed all of FOAC's obligations under its backstop guarantees and agreed to indemnify and hold FOAC harmless against any losses, liabilities, costs, expenses and obligations under the backstop guarantees. See Note 11 for further information. 

Distributions 
 
 We intend to continue to make regular quarterly distributions to holders of our common stock. U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that a REIT distribute annually at least 90 of its "REIT taxable income" (determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain) and that it pay tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that it annually distributes less than 100 of its "REIT taxable income." We have historically made regular monthly distributions, but with effect from the third quarter of 2018 we now make regular quarterly distributions, to our stockholders in an amount equal to all or substantially all of our taxable income. Although FOAC no longer aggregates and securitizes residential mortgages, it continues to generate taxable income from MSRs and other mortgage-related activities. This taxable income will be subject to regular corporate income taxes. We generally anticipate the retention of profits generated and taxed at FOAC. Before we make any distribution on our common stock, whether for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise, we must first meet both our operating requirements and any debt service obligations on debt payable. If cash available for distribution to our stockholders is less than our taxable income, we could be required to sell assets or borrow funds to make cash distributions, or we may make a portion of the required distribution in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities. 
 
 If substantially all of our taxable income has not been paid by the close of any calendar year, we may declare a special dividend prior to the end of such calendar year, to achieve this result. On December 15, 2022, we announced that our board of directors had declared a cash dividend rate for the fourth quarter of 2022 of 0.06 per share of common stock. Additionally, on March 16, 2023, we announced that our board of directors had declared a cash dividend for the first quarter of 2023 of 0.06 per share of common stock. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS 
 
 Not applicable 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, the Company s consolidated financial statements and notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements appear in a separate section of this Form 10-K (beginning on Page F-2 following Part IV). The index to the Company s consolidated financial statements appears on Page F-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 as of December 31, 2022. Based upon our evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Under the supervision of our Audit Committee and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we evaluated the effectiveness, as of December 31, 2022, of our internal control over financial reporting. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in the "Internal Control-Integrated Framework" (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 
 46 

(COSO Framework). Based on its evaluation under the COSO Framework, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 47 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item 10 will be set forth in the Company's definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "2023 Proxy Statement"), which the Company expects to files within 120 days of the end of its fiscal year December 31, 2022. For the limited purpose of providing the information necessary to comply with this Item 10, the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item 11 will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement. For the limited purpose of providing the information necessary to comply with this Item 11, the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item 12 will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement. For the limited purpose of providing the information necessary to comply with this Item 12, the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item 13 will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement. For the limited purpose of providing the information necessary to comply with this Item 13, the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item 14 will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement. For the limited purpose of providing the information necessary to comply with this Item 14, the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 48 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 (a) Financial Statements. Page Financial Statements F- 1 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F- 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 8 

(b) Exhibits. 
 The Exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index, which appear immediately following the signature pages, are incorporated herein by reference and are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (c) Schedules. 
 Schedule IV - Mortgage Loan on Real Estate 
 
 Schedules other than the one listed above are omitted because they are not applicable or deemed not material. 

49 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. Document 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Five Oaks Investment Corp. dated March 26, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2013 (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on May 3, 2013). 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment of Five Oaks Investment Corp. dated May 17, 2018, changing the name of the Registrant from Five Oaks Investment Corp. to Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on May 25, 2018. 
 3.3 Articles of Amendment of Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. dated December 17, 2020, changing the name of the Registrant from Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. to Lument Finance Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on December 21, 2020. 
 3.4 Articles Supplementary of Lument Finance Trust, Inc. dated May 3, 2021, designating the Registrant's 7.875 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on May 4, 2021). 
 3.5 Lument Finance Trust, Inc. Bylaws as of June 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on June 17, 2021). 
 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Five Oaks Investment Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Five Oaks Investment Corp. Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-185570), which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22, 2013 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1")). 
 4.2 Certificate of Notice dated February 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022). 
 4.3 Description of Securities. 
 10.1 Termination Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2020, by and between Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. and Hunt Investment Management, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (file No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on January 6, 202). 
 10.2 Management Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2020, by and between Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. and OREC Investment Management, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on January 6, 2020). 
 10.3 Five Oaks Investment Corp. Manager Equity Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1). 
 10.4 Trademark License Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2020, between ORIX Real Estate Capital Holdings, LLC, doing business as "Lument," and Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on December 21, 2020). 
 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2012, by and among Five Oaks Investment Corp., XL Investments Ltd, Oak Circle Capital Partners, LLC, Messrs. Carroll, Chong, Comisso, Flynn and Oston and the other persons who become parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-185570), which was filed with the SEC on December 20, 2012). 
 10.7 Shareholder Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2018, by and between Five Oaks Investment Corp. and Hunt Companies Equity Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on January 18, 2018). 
 10.8 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2018, by and between Five Oaks Investment Corp. and Hunt Companies Equity Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on January 18, 2018). 
 10.9 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2020, by and between Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. and OREC Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2020). 
 
 50 

10.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2020, by and between Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. and OREC Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2020). 
 10.11 Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated January 15, 2019, by and among Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc., as Borrower, Five Oaks Acquisition Corp. and Hunt CMT Equity, LLC, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto from time to time, Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K (File No 001-35845), which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 18, 2019). 
 10.12 First Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2019, among Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc., Five Oaks Acquisition Corp., Hunt CMT Equity, LLC, the lenders identified on the signature page thereto and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on March 19, 2019). 
 10.13 Second Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of July 9, 2020, among Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc., Five Oaks Acquisition Corp., Hunt CMT Equity, LLC, the lenders identified on the signature pages thereto and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020 (File No. 001-35845) which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2020). 
 10.14 Third Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2021, among Lument Finance Trust, Inc., Five Oaks Acquisition Corp., Hunt CMT Equity, LLC, the lenders identified on the signature pages thereto and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35845) which was filed with the SEC on April 21, 2021). 
 10.15 Fourth Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated February 22, 2022, by and among Lument Finance Trust, Inc., Five Oaks Acquisition Corp., Hunt CMT Equity, LLC, Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35845) which was filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022). 
 10.16 Indenture, dated as of June 14, 2021, by and among LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd., LFT CRE 2021-FL1, LLC, Lument Commercial Mortgage Trust, as advancing agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as note administrator and custodian (incorporate by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021). 
 10.17 Collateral Management Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2021, by and between LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. and OREC Investment Management, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021). 
 10.18 Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2021, by and among LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. , OREC Investment Management, LLC, Lument Commercial Mortgage Trust, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Wilmington Trust, National Association and ORIX Real Estate Capital (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Lument Finance Trust, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG, LLP 
 31.1 Certification Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 99.1 Amended and Restated Third Amendment to Credit and Guaranty, dated April 21, 2021, by and among Lument Finance Trust, Inc., the lenders identified on the signature pages thereto and Cortland Capital Market Services, LLC, as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 001-35845), which was filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021). 
 
 51 

101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

52 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 53 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. March 23, 2023 /s/ James P. Flynn James P. Flynn Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ James P. Flynn Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board March 23, 2023 James P. Flynn (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ James A. Briggs Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and March 23, 2023 James A. Briggs Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ James C. Hunt Director March 23, 2023 James C. Hunt /s/ Marie D. Reynolds Director March 23, 2023 Marie D. Reynolds /s/ Neil A. Cummins Director March 23, 2023 Neil A. Cummins /s/ William Houlihan Director March 23, 2023 William Houlihan /s/ Walter C. Keenan Director Walter C. Keenan March 23, 2023 

54 

Contents 
 Page Financial Statements Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F- 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Lument Finance Trust, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lument Finance Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes and financial statement schedule IV (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Assessment of the allowance for loan losses on commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment individually evaluated for impairment 
 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses on commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment individually evaluated for impairment (individually evaluated ALL) totaled 4.3 million as of December 31, 2022. Based on the facts and circumstances of the loan, the Company determines the loan is impaired when it is probable that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan. Impaired loans are individually evaluated based on the Company s quarterly assessment of each loan and assignment of a risk rating which are based on a number of factors including debt service coverage, loan-to-value, property type, geographic and local market dynamics, physical condition, leasing and tenant profile, adherence to business plan and exit plan, maturity default risk and project sponsorship. The individually evaluated ALL is measured by comparing the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, less costs to sell, to the book value of the respective impaired loan. The Company utilized an income capitalization approach in determining the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral for use when evaluating that a loan is impaired, including assumptions, such as capitalization rates, creditworthiness of major tenants, occupancy rates, availability of financing, and exit plan. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the individually evaluated ALL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment due to significant recognition and measurement uncertainty. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the recognition of impairment of commercial mortgage loans, which are sensitive to the risk rating model applied and significant assumptions such as debt-service coverage ratio, loan-to-value, property type, geographic and local market dynamics. The assessment also encompassed the evaluation of the measurement of the individually evaluated ALL, which was sensitive to the significant assumptions of capitalization rates, creditworthiness of major tenants, occupancy rates, availability of financing, and exit plan. These assumptions are based on current market data and had a significant effect on the recognition and estimation of the individually evaluated ALL. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s recognition and measurement of the individually evaluated ALL estimate, including controls over the: 
 Risk rating process; 
 Evaluation and recognition that a loan is impaired, including significant assumptions; 
 Evaluation of significant assumptions used in the measurement of the fair value of the collateral. 
 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the individually evaluated ALL estimate by performing the following: 
 
 Tested certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions 
 Tested the identification of individually impaired loans through the Company's risk rating process for a selection of loans 
 F-2 

Evaluated the significant assumptions used in the risk rating model by comparing to independent sources on similar properties and 
 Evaluated that the significant assumptions used in the fair value of collateral were representative of current market data by comparing to recent market activity on similar property transactions. 
 
 We involved our valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in testing the fair value of the collateral, including the evaluation of the significant assumptions and related underlying documentation, for a selection of loans by comparing the assumptions to evidence obtained from external sources and evaluating the assumptions in light of historical and market information. 
 
 We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to individually evaluated ALL estimate by evaluating the: 
 
 Cumulative results of the audit procedures 
 Qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practices 
 Potential bias in the accounting estimate 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019. 
 
 New York, New York 
 March 23, 2023 

F-3 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 (1) 
 December 31, 2021 (1) 
 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment, at amortized cost 
 Allowance for loan losses ) Commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment, net of allowance for loan losses 
 Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value Accrued interest receivable Investment related receivable Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY LIABILITIES: Collateralized loan obligations, net Secured term loan Accrued interest payable Dividends payable Fees and expenses payable to Manager Other liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTES 10 11) EQUITY: Preferred Stock: par value per share; shares authorized; Series A Cumulative Redeemable, aggregate liquidation preference, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common Stock: par value per share; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Cumulative distributions to stockholders ) ) Accumulated earnings Total stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 (1) and , respectively and the liabilities of consolidated VIEs totaled and , respectively. See Note 4 for further discussion. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Revenues: Interest income: Commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment Cash and cash equivalents Interest expense: Collateralized loan obligations ) ) Secured term loan ) ) Net interest income Other income: Provision for loan losses ) Realized loss on mortgage servicing rights ) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on mortgage servicing rights ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Servicing income, net Total other (loss) ) ) Expenses: Management and incentive fees General and administrative expenses Operating expenses reimbursable to Manager Other operating expenses Compensation expense Total expenses Net income before provision for income taxes (Provision for) income taxes ) ) Net income Dividends to preferred stockholders ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Earnings per share: Net income attributable to common stockholders (basic and diluted) Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding Basic and diluted income per share Dividends declared per weighted average share of common stock 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional 
 Paid in 
 Capital 
 Cumulative 
 Distributions to 
 Stockholders 
 Accumulated Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling 
 interests 
 Total 
 Equity 
 Shares Value Shares Par Value Balance at January 1, 2021 ) Issuance of common stock Cost of issuing common stock ) ) ) Issuance of preferred stock, net Restricted stock compensation expense Net income Common dividends declared ) ) ) Preferred dividends declared ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Balance at January 1, 2022 ) Issuance of common stock Cost of issuing common stock ) ) ) Restricted stock compensation expense ) ) ) Net income Common dividends declared ) ) ) Preferred dividends declared ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Accretion of commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment discounts ) ) Amortization of commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment premiums Accretion of collateralized loan obligations discounts, net Accretion of deferred loan fees ) Amortization of deferred offering costs ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Provision for loan losses Realized loss on mortgage servicing rights Loss on extinguishment of debt Unrealized (gain) loss on mortgage servicing rights ) Restricted stock compensation expense Net change in: Accrued interest receivable ) ) Other assets ) ) Accrued interest payable Fees and expenses payable to Manager ) Other accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase and origination of commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment ) ) Principal payments from commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment Deferred loan fees Net cash (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Proceeds from collateralized obligations Proceeds from secured term loan Payment of collateralized loan obligations ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities information Dividends declared but not paid at end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

NOTE 1 - 

NOTE 2 - 

The Company's maximum exposure to loss from collateralized loan obligations ("CLO") was at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F-8 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Restricted cash CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

loans on non-accrual status where interest income is accounted for on a cash basis. 

F-9 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company identified loan, collateralized by a multifamily property, as impaired due to monetary default, however, no reserve is required after analysis of the underlying collateral value. See Note 3 for further detail. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not recognized any provision for loan losses on its loans held-for-investment, other than the loan noted above. We also assessed the remainder of the portfolio, considering the absence of delinquencies and current market conditions, and, as such has t recorded any allowance for loan losses. 
 
 sub-servicers retained by the Company. The Company does not directly service any residential mortgage loans. 
 
 MSR income is recognized at the contractually agreed upon rate, net of the costs of sub-servicers retained by the Company. If a sub-servicer with which the Company contracts were to default, an evaluation of MSR assets for impairment would be undertaken at that time. 
 
 million credit and guaranty agreement with the lenders referred to therein and Cortland Capital Service LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders (the "Secured Term Loan"). The Secured Term Loan is carried at its unpaid principal balance, net of deferred financing costs. Deferred financing costs associated with this liability are amortized to interest expense on a straight line basis when it approximates the effective interest method. See Note 6 for additional information related to the Secured Term Loan. 
 
 shares of common stock, par value per share. On February 22, 2022, the Company closed a transferable common stock rights offering and issued shares of common stock. The Company had and shares of common stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 On December 15, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program ("Repurchase Program") to repurchase up to million of the Company s outstanding common stock. Subject to applicable securities laws, repurchase of common stock under the Repurchase Program may be made at times and in amounts as the Company deems appropriate, using available cash resources. Shares of common stock repurchased by the Company under 
 
 F-10 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company's Board of Directors. On May 5, 2021, the Company issued shares of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (Series A Preferred Stock"). The Company had shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Our preferred stock is classified as permanent equity and carried at its liquidation preference less offering costs. See Note 12 for additional information related to our Series A Preferred Stock. 

See Note 17 for details of the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share. 
 
 See Note 13 for details of stock-based awards issuable under the Manager Equity Plan. 

F-11 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

office loan, the Company elected to utilize a widely-used analytical model incorporating a loss-given-default methodology and loan performance data for over commercial real estate loans dating back to 1998. The Company expects to utilize this data set, or variants of it, unless the Company develops its own sufficient history of realized losses. The Company selected for use in its CECL estimate a weighted macroeconomic forecast that includes baseline, optimistic and pessimistic scenarios during the reasonable forecast period. The Company determined the key variables driving its CECL loss estimate are debt service coverage ratio and LTV ratio. Other notable variables include property type, property location, and loan vintage. 
 
 Upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2023, the Company expects that, based on current expectations of future economic conditions, its general allowance for credit losses on loans held for investment, including future loan funding commitments, will be between million and million, or and of the Company's total loan commitment balance of billion as of December 31, 2022. The Company currently has million in specific reserves recorded in its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Reference Rate Reform 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting." The standard was issued to ease the accounting effects of reform to the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other reference rates. The standard provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to debt instruments, leases, derivatives and other contracts affected by reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04 generally considers contract modifications related to reference rate reform to be an event that does not require contract remeasurement at the modification date nor a reassessment of a previous accounting determination. The standard is effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022 and may be elected over time as reference rate reform activities occur. 
 
 In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, deferring the sunset date of ASC 848, Reference Rate Reform, from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. ASC 848 provides temporary relief relating to potential accounting impact relating to replacement of LIBOR or other reference rates expected to be discounted as a result of reference rate reform. We have not adopted any of the optional expedients or exceptions through December 31, 2022, but will continue to evaluate the possible adoption of any such expedients or exceptions. 

NOTE 3 - 
 
 Allowance for loan losses N/A ) 
 
 F-12 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 3 COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE LOANS HELD-FOR-INVESTMENT (Continued) 

71 
 
 (1) Weighted average coupon assumes applicable one-month LIBOR of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively and 30-day Term SOFR of as of December 31, 2022 inclusive of weighted average interest rate floors of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, of the investments by total exposure earned a floating rate indexed to one-month LIBOR and of the investments by total investment exposure earned a floating rate indexed to 30-day Term SOFR. As of December 31, 2021, of the investments by total investment exposure earned a floating rate indexed to one-month LIBOR. 
 (2) Weighted average term assumes all extension options are exercised by the borrower; provided, however, that our loans may be repaid prior to such date. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, of the outstanding senior secured loans were held in VIEs and of the outstanding senior secured loans were held outside of VIEs. As of December 31, 2021, of the outstanding senior secured loans were held in VIEs and of the outstanding senior secured loans were held outside of VIEs. 
 
 Activity: For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the loan portfolio activity was as follows: 
 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans Held-for-Investment Balance at December 31, 2020 Purchases and advances Principal payments ) Accretion of purchase discount Amortization of purchase premium ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Purchases and advances Principal repayments ) Accretion of purchase discount Amortization of purchase premium ) Accretion of deferred loan fees Provision for loan losses ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Loan Risk Ratings: As further described in Note 2, the Company evaluates the commercial mortgage loan portfolio on a quarterly basis and assigns a risk rating based on a variety of factors. 

2 3 4 5 

F-13 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 3 COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE LOANS HELD-FOR-INVESTMENT (Continued) 

2 3 4 5 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the average risk rating of the commercial mortgage loan portfolio was (Moderate Risk), weighted by investment carrying value, with of commercial loans held-for-investment rated 3 (Moderate Risk) or better by the Company's Manager. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the average risk rating of the commercial mortgage loan portfolio was (Low Risk), weighted by investment carrying value, with of commercial loans held-for-investment rated 3 (Moderate Risk) or better by the Company's Manager. 
 
 The average risk rating of the portfolio has increased during the year ended December 31, 2022. The change in underlying risk rating consisted of loans that paid off with a risk rating of "2" of million, a risk rating of "3" of million and a risk rating of "4" of million, offset by purchases of commercial mortgage loans with a risk rating of "2" of million, a risk rating of "3" of million and a risk rating of "4" of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, million of loans with a risk rating of "2" transitioned to a risk rating of "3", million of loans with a risk rating of "2" transitioned to a risk rating of "4", million of loans with a risk rating of "3" transitioned to a risk rating of "2", million of loans transitioned from a risk rating of "3" to a risk rating of "5", million of loans transitioned from a risk rating of "4" to a risk rating of "3", and a loan with an unpaid principal balance of million transitioned from a risk rating of "4" to a risk rating of "5". 
 
 Concentration of Credit Risk: 
 
 Southwest Mid-Atlantic Midwest West Total 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Collateral Property Type Multifamily Healthcare Self-Storage Retail Office Total 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses: 
 
 Provision for loan losses Allowance for loan losses at end of period 

F-14 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 3 COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE LOANS HELD-FOR-INVESTMENT (Continued) 

loan, collateralized by an office building, with an unpaid principal value of million as impaired, reflecting a decline in collateral value attributable to (i) recent and near term vacancies at the property; (ii) new information available during the year ended December 31, 2022 regarding the addition of office space supply that will increase the submarket vacancy rate in the local market and (iii) declining market conditions. As of August 8, 2022, this loan has been placed in maturity default. We entered into a forbearance agreement with the borrower extending the maturity date to December 2022 to allow the borrower more time to market and sell the property, however the borrower was unable to execute a sale in this timeframe. Subsequent to the December 2022 maturity, the Company accepted a discounted payoff of approximately million (See Note 16). Based on this review, a reserve of million was recorded for this impaired loan in the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, this loan was placed on non-accrual as result of the impaired loan classification, however, the borrower remained current on debt service payments through December 31, 2022. 
 
 loan, collateralized by a multifamily property, with an unpaid principal value of million as impaired due to monetary default, however, no reserve is required after analysis of underlying collateral value. This loan was placed on non-accrual as a result of the monetary default and impaired loan classification. 

NOTE 4 
 tranches of CLO notes through newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiaries totaling million. Of the total CLO notes issued million were investment grade notes issued to third party investors and million were below investment-grade notes retained by us. In addition, a million equity interest in the portfolio was retained by us. The financing has an initial two-and-a-half year reinvestment period that allows principal proceeds of the loan obligations to be reinvested in qualifying replacement loan obligations, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the indenture. Thereafter, the outstanding debt balance will be reduced as loans are repaid. Initially, the proceeds of the issuance of the securities also included million for the purpose of acquiring additional loan obligations for a period up to days from the CLO closing date, resulting in the issuer owning loan obligations with a face value of billion, representing leverage of . 
 
 On June 14, 2021, the Company unwound Hunt CRE 2017-FL1, Ltd. and Hunt CRE 2018-FL2, Ltd. redeeming million of outstanding notes which were repaid primarily from the refinancing of the remaining assets primarily within LFT 2021-FL1, Ltd., as well as cash held within Hunt CRE 2018-FL2, Ltd. and expensed million of deferred financing costs into loss on extinguishment of debt on the consolidated statements of operations. As of this date, the Company no longer consolidates the asset and liabilities of Hunt CRE 2017-FL1, Ltd. and Hunt CRE 2018-FL2, Ltd. 
 
 The CLO we consolidate is subject to collateralization and coverage tests that are customary for this type of securitization. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 all such collateralization and coverage tests in the CLOs we consolidate were met. If the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to prolong, its impact on our borrowers and their tenants could result in a sustained deterioration in a material amount of assets and may impact these tests. 
 
 Accrued interest receivable Investment related receivable Loans held for investment Total Assets LIABILITIES Accrued interest payable Collateralized loan obligations (1) 
 Total Liabilities Equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 (1) The stated maturity of the collateral loan obligations per the terms of the underlying collateralized loan obligation agreement is June 14, 2039 for LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. 

F-15 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 4 USE OF SPECIAL PURPOSE ENTITIES AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES (Continued) 

Financings provided 
 As of December 31, 2021 Collateralized Loan Obligations Count Principal Value Carrying Value (1) 
 Wtd. Avg. Coupon (2) 
 Collateral (loan investments) Financings provided 
 
 (1) The carrying value for LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. is net of debt issuance costs of and or December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Weighted average coupon assumes applicable one-month LIBOR of and and 30-day Term SOFR of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, inclusive of weighted average interest rate floors of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, of the investments by total exposure earned a floating rate indexed to one-month LIBOR and of the investments by total investment exposure earned a floating rate indexed to 30-day Term SOFR. As of December 31, 2021, of the investments by total investment exposure earned a floating rate indexed to one-month LIBOR. Weighted average coupon for the financing assumes applicable one-month LIBOR of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively and spreads of for December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Interest expense Net interest income Less: Loss on extinguishment of debt General and administrative fees Net income 

NOTE 5 - 
 
 months that expires in December 2023. As loans payoff or mature, as applicable, during this reinvestment period, cash received is restricted and intended to be reinvested within LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. in accordance with the terms and conditions of its respective governing agreement. 

NOTE 6 
 
 million with a maturity of years. 
 
 On February 14, 2019, the Company drew on the Secured Term Loan in the aggregate principal amount of million generating net proceeds of million. The outstanding balance of the Secured Term Loan in the table below is presented gross of deferred financing costs at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021). 
 
 Total 
 
 The borrowings under the Secured Term Loan are joint and several obligations of the Credit Parties. In addition, the Credit Parties' obligations under the Secured Term Loan are secured by substantially all the assets of the Credit Parties through pledge and security documentation. Amounts advanced under the 

F-16 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 6 SECURED TERM LOAN (Continued) 

for the period following the initial draw-down, which is subject to step up by for the first four months after the sixth anniversary of the borrowing of the Senior Secured Term Loan, then by for the following four months, then by for the last four months until maturity. 
 
 In response to the continued COVID-19 pandemic, on July 9, 2020, the Company entered into the Second Amendment to the Credit and Guaranty Agreement. This amendment provides the Company with additional flexibility to effectively manage any potential borrower distress related to COVID-19 that were not originally contemplated in loan documentation. 
 
 On April 21, 2021, the Company, together with its Credit Parties, entered into an amendment (the "Third Amendment") to the Credit and Guaranty Agreement. The amendment, among other things, (i) provides the Company with an incremental secured term loan in the aggregate principal amount of million; (ii) extends the maturity date of the Secured Term Loan from February 14, 2025 to February 14, 2026; (iii) amends certain asset concentration limits and (iv) amends certain financial covenants. On May 5, 2021 the Third Amendment became effective. On August 23, 2021, the Company drew down the million incremental secured term loan. 
 
 On February 22, 2022, the Company, together with its Credit Parties, entered into an amendment (the "Fourth Amendment") to the Credit and Guaranty Agreement. This amendment waived the step-down provisions of the maximum total net leverage financial covenant in connection with the February 2022 rights offering, however the step-down provision remains in place for future capital raises. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants binding the Company and its subsidiaries that are customary for credit facilities of this type, including, but not limited to: minimum asset coverage ratio; minimum unencumbered assets ratio; maximum total net leverage ratio, minimum tangible net worth; and an interest charge coverage ratio. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we were in compliance with these covenants. If the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to prolong, its impact on our borrowers and their tenants could result in a sustained deterioration in a material amount of assets and may impact these covenants. 

NOTE 7 - 
 of residential mortgage loans that the Company had previously transferred to residential mortgage loan securitization trusts. The Company s MSRs are held and managed at the Company s TRS, and the Company employs licensed sub-servicers to perform the related servicing activities. 
 
 Changes in fair value due to: Realized loss ) Changes in valuation inputs or assumptions used in valuation model Other changes to fair value (1) 
 ) ) Balance at end of year Loans associated with MSRs (2) 
 MSR values as percent of loans (3) 

(1) Amounts represent changes due to realization of expected cash flows and prepayment of principal of the underlying loan portfolio. 
 (2) Amounts represent the unpaid principal balance of loans associated with MSRs outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Amounts represent the carrying value of MSRs at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively divided by the outstanding balance of the loans associated with these MSRs. 
 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Servicing income, net Income from MSRs, net 

NOTE 8 - 

F-17 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 8 FAIR VALUE (Continued) 

Total 
 December 31, 2021 Quoted prices in 
 active markets 
 for identical assets 
 Level 1 
 Significant 
 other observable 
 inputs 
 Level 2 
 Unobservable 
 inputs 
 Level 3 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 Assets: Mortgage servicing rights Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had and , respectively, in Level 3 assets. The Company s Level 3 assets are comprised of MSRs. For more detail about Level 3 assets, also see Notes 2 and 8. 
 
 - 
 Discount rate 
 As of December 31, 2021 Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range Weighted Average Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate - 
 Discount rate 
 
 As discussed in Note 2, GAAP requires disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the consolidated balance sheets, for which it is practicable to estimate that value. 
 
 Restricted cash 1 Commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment 3 Total Liabilities: Collateralized loan obligations 2 Secured term loan 3 Total 

F-18 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 8 FAIR VALUE (Continued) 

Restricted cash 1 Commercial mortgage loans held-for-investment 3 Total Liabilities: Collateralized loan obligations 2 Secured term loan 3 Total 
 
 Estimates of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are measured using quoted prices, or Level 1 inputs. Estimates of the fair value of collateralized loan obligations are measured using observable, quoted market prices, in active markets, or Level 2 inputs. All other fair value significant estimates are measured using unobservable inputs, or Level 3 inputs. See Note 2 for further discussion regarding fair value measurement of certain of our assets and liabilities. 

NOTE 9 - 
 
 of Stockholders' Equity per annum, calculated and payable quarterly per quarter) in arrears. For purposes of calculating the management fee, the Company s stockholders equity includes the sum of the net proceeds from all issuances of the Company s equity securities since inception (allocated on a pro rata daily basis for such issuances during the fiscal quarter of any such issuance), plus the Company s retained earnings at the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter (without taking into account any non-cash equity compensation expense incurred in current or prior periods), less any amount that the Company paid for repurchases of the Company s common stock since inception, and excluding any unrealized gains, losses or other items that did not affect realized net income (regardless of whether such items were included in other comprehensive income or loss, or in net income). This amount was adjusted to exclude one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP and certain non-cash items after discussions between the manager and the Company s independent directors and approval by a majority of the Company s independent directors. To the extent asset impairment reduces the Company s retained earnings at the end of any completed calendar quarter, it will reduce the management fee for such quarter. The Company s stockholders equity for the purposes of calculating the management fee could be greater than the amount of stockholders equity shown on the consolidated financial statements. Additionally, starting in the first full calendar quarter following January 3, 2020 the Company was also required to pay the Manager a quarterly incentive fee equal to of the excess of Core Earnings (as defined in the management agreement) over the product of (i) Stockholders' Equity as of the end of such fiscal quarter, and (ii) per annum. The initial term of our management agreement expired on January 3, 2023, but there continue to be automatic, renewals thereafter. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred management fees of (2021: ), recorded within "Management and incentive fees" in the consolidated statement of operations, of which (2021: was accrued but had not been paid, included in "Fees and expenses payable to Manager" in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred incentive fees of , recorded within "Management and incentive fees" in the consolidated statement of operations, of which was accrued but had not yet been paid, included in "Fees and expenses payable to Manager" in the consolidated balance sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not incur any incentive fees. 
 
 Expense Reimbursement 
 
 Pursuant to the management agreement, the Company is required to reimburse the Manager for operating expenses related to the Company incurred by the Manager, including accounting, auditing and tax services, technology and office facilities, operations, compliance, legal and filing fees, and miscellaneous general and administrative costs, including the cost of non-investment management personnel of the Manager who spend all or a portion of their time managing the Company s affairs. The Manager has agreed to certain limitations on manager expense reimbursement from the Company. 
 
 On March 18, 2019, the Company entered into a support agreement with the prior manager, pursuant to which, the prior manager agreed to reduce the reimbursement cap by per annum (subject to such reduction not exceeding per annum) until such time as the aggregate support provided thereunder equaled approximately million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has provided the full support of million under the agreement. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred reimbursable expenses of (2021: recorded within "operating expenses reimbursable to Manager" in the consolidated statement of operations, of which (2021: was accrued but had not yet been paid, included in "fees and expenses payable to Manager" in the consolidated balance sheets. Per the management agreement, any exit fees waived by the Company 
 F-19 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 9 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued) 

of the amount of any such waived exit fee. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company waived in gross exit fees, reducing reimbursed expenses 
 due to the Manager by and for the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company waived in gross exit fees, reducing reimbursed expenses due to the Manager by . 
 
 Manager Equity Plan 
 
 The Company had in place a Manager Equity Plan, which expired December 18, 2022, under which the Company had the ability to provide equity compensation to the Manager and the Company's independent directors, consultants, or officers. The Manager, in its sole discretion, could allocate any awards it received under the Manager Equity Plan to its directors, officer employees or consultants. The Company was able to issue under the Manager Equity Plan up to of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock (on a fully diluted basis) at the time of each award. Stock based compensation arrangements may include incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, unrestricted stock awards and other awards based on the Company's common stock. 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) Outstanding Unvested Shares at End of Period 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized compensation expense related to restricted common stock of (2021: ). The Company has unrecognized compensation expense of as of December 31, 2022 (2021: for unvested shares of restricted common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average period for which the unrecognized compensation expense will be recognized is months. 
 
 Lument Structured Finance 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, (a) LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. purchased loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of million at par from Lument Structured Finance ("LSF"), an affiliate of our Manager and (b) Lument Commercial Mortgage Trust ("LCMT") purchased loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of million at par from LSF. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, (a) Hunt CRE 2018-FL2, Ltd. purchased loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of million at par from LSF; (b) LCMT purchased loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of million and funded loan participations with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of million at par from LSF and (c) LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. purchased loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of million at par from LSF. 
 
 OREC 2018-CRE1, Ltd. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. purchased loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of million at a premium of million from OREC 2018-CRE1, Ltd., an affiliate of our Manager. 
 
 Lument Real Estate Holdings, LLC 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. purchased loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of million at a premium of million from Lument Real Estate Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of our Manager. 
 
 Lument Real Estate Capital, LLC 
 
 Lument Real Estate Capital, LLC ("LREC"), an affiliate of our Manager, was appointed the servicer and special servicer with respect to mortgage assets for LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. 
 
 Lument IM 
 
 Lument IM was appointed as the collateral manager with respect to LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. in June 2021, and continues to serve in this role. Lument IM has agreed to waive all its entitlements to collateral management fees for so long as Lument IM or an affiliate is the collateral manager and also the manager of Lument Finance Trust, Inc. 
 
 Lument Investment Holdings 
 
 On February 22, 2022, Lument Investment Holdings purchased shares of common stock from the transferable common stock rights offering at a price of per share. 
 F-20 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 9 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued) 

shares of common stock from the transferable common stock rights offering at a price of per share. 

NOTE 10 - 
 
 from the sale of a mortgage. FOAC's obligation to provide further seller eligibility review and backstop guarantee services terminated on the MAXEX Termination Date. Pursuant to an Assumption Agreement dated December 31, 2018, among MAXEX Clearing LLC and FOAC, MAXEX Clearing LLC assumed all of FOAC's obligations under its backstop guarantees and agreed to indemnify and hold FOAC harmless against any losses, liabilities, costs, expenses and obligations under the backstop guarantee. FOAC paid MAXEX Clearing LLC, as the replacement backstop provider, a fee of (the "Alternative Backstop Fee"). MAXEX Clearing LLC represented to FOAC in the Assumption Agreement that it (i) is rated at least "A" (or equivalent) by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating agency or (ii) has (a) adjusted tangible net worth of at least and (b) minimum available liquidity equal to the greater of (x) and (y) multiplied by the scheduled unpaid principal balance of each outstanding loan covered by the backstop guarantees. MAXEX's chief financial officer is required to certify ongoing compliance by MAXEX Clearing LLC with the aforementioned criteria on a quarterly basis and if MAXEX Clearing LLC fails to satisfy such criteria, MAXEX Clearing LLC is required to deposit into an escrow account for FOAC's benefit an amount equal to the greater of (A) the unamortized Alternative Backstop Fee for each outstanding loan covered by the backstop guarantee and (B) the product of multiplied by the scheduled unpaid principal balance of each outstanding loan covered by the backstop guarantees. 
 
 The maximum potential amount of future payments that the Company could be required to make under the outstanding backstop guarantees, which represents the outstanding balance of all underlying mortgage loans sold by approved sellers to MAXEX Clearing LLC, was estimated to be million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, although the Company believes this amount is not indicative of the Company's actual potential losses. Amounts payable in excess of the outstanding principal balance of the related mortgage, for example any premium paid by the loan buyer or costs associated with collecting mortgage payments, are not currently estimable. Amounts that may become payable under the backstop guarantee are normally recoverable from the related seller, as well as from any payments received on (or from the sale of property securing) the mortgage loan repurchased and, as noted above, MAXEX Clearing LLC has assumed all of FOAC's obligations in respect of its backstop guarantees. Pursuant to the Master Agreement, FOAC is required to maintain minimum available liquidity equal to the greater of (i) million or (ii) of the aggregate unpaid principal balance of loans backstopped by FOAC, either directly or through a credit support agreement acceptable by MAXEX. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not aware of any circumstances expected to lead to the triggering of a backstop guarantee obligation. 
 
 In addition, the Company enters into certain contracts that contain a variety of indemnification obligations, principally with the Manager, brokers and counterparties to repurchase agreements. The maximum potential future payment amount the Company could be required to pay under these indemnification 
 obligations is unlimited. The Company has not incurred any costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to the indemnification obligations. As a result, the estimated fair value of these agreements is minimal. Accordingly, the Company recorded liabilities for these agreements as of December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 11 - 
 
 million of unfunded commitments related to loans held in LFT 2021-FL1, Ltd. These commitments are not reflected on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 

F-21 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 11 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued) 

million of unfunded commitments related to loans held in LFT 2021-FL1, Ltd. These commitments are not reflected in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, LSF, an affiliate of the Manager, had million of unfunded commitments related to loans held in LCMT. These commitments are not reflected in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, LSF, an affiliate of the Manager, had million in unfunded commitments related to loans held in LFT 2021-FL1, Ltd. These commitments are not reflected in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, LSF, an affiliate of the Manager, had million of unfunded commitments related to loans held in LCMT. These commitments are not reflected on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Future loan fundings comprise funding for capital improvements, leasing costs, interest and carry costs, and fundings will vary depending on the progress of the business plan and cash flows at the mortgage assets. Therefore, the exact timing and amounts of such future loan fundings are uncertain and will depend on the current and future performance of the underlying mortgage assets. 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has brought uncertainty and disruption to the global economy, including longer-term macroeconomic effects on supply chains, inflation and labor shortages. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the continued impact and uncertainty from COVID-19 variants, supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, rising inflation and increases in interest rates on the global economy could materially disrupt our business operations and impact our financial condition. 

NOTE 12 
 authorized shares of common stock, par value per share, with and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 On February 22, 2022, the Company closed a transferable common stock rights offering. The Company issued and sold shares of common stock at a price of per share resulting in gross proceeds of approximately million. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 On December 15, 2015, the Company s board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program (or the "Repurchase Program"), to repurchase up to million of the Company s outstanding common stock. Shares of the Company s common stock may be purchased in the open market, including through block purchases, or through privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b18(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined at the Company s discretion and the program may be suspended, terminated or modified at any time for any reason. Among other factors, the Company intends to only consider repurchasing shares of the Company s common stock when the purchase price is less than the Company s estimate of the Company s current net asset value per common share. Shares of common stock repurchased by the Company under the Repurchase Program, if any, will be canceled and, until reissued by the Company, will be deemed to be authorized but unissued shares of the Company s common stock. Through December 31, 2022, the Company had repurchased shares of common stock at a weighted average share price of . share repurchases have been made since January 19, 2016. As of December 31, 2022, million of common stock remained authorized for future share repurchase under the Repurchase Program. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was authorized to issue up to shares of preferred stock, par value per share, with shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. Voting and other rights and preferences will be determined by the Company's Board of Directors upon issuance. 
 
 On May 5, 2021, LFT issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock, and received net proceeds, after underwriting discounts and commissions but before offering expenses payable by the Company, of million. The Series A Preferred Stock is redeemable, at LFT's option, at a liquidation preference price of per share plus accrued dividends commencing on May 5, 2026. Dividends on Series A Preferred Stock are payable quarterly in arrears beginning on July 15, 2021. 
 
 Distributions to stockholders 
 
 For the 2022 taxable year to date, the Company has declared dividends to common stockholders totaling , or per share. 
 
 June 15, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 15, 2022 September 15, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 17, 2022 December 15, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 17, 2023 
 
 F-22 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 12 EQUITY (Continued) 

 June 15, 2022 July 1, 2022 July 15, 2022 September 15, 2022 October 3, 2022 October 17, 2022 December 15, 2022 January 1, 2023 January 17, 2023 
 
 Non-controlling interests 
 
 shares of Series A Preferred Shares ("LCMT Preferred Shares"). Net proceeds to LCMT were representing in equity raised, less in expenses and is reflected as "Non-controlling interests" in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Dividends on the LCMT Preferred Shares are cumulative annually, in an amount equal to of the initial purchase price plus any accrued unpaid dividends. The LCMT Preferred Shares are redeemable at any time by LCMT. The redemption price through December 31, 2020 was x the initial purchase price plus all accrued and unpaid dividends, and the initial purchase price plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereafter. The holders of the LCMT Preferred Shares have limited voting rights, which do not entitle the holders to participate or otherwise direct the management of LCMT or the Company. The LCMT Preferred Shares are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other property or securities LCMT or the Company. Dividends on the LCMT Preferred Shares, which amounted to for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, are reflected in "Dividends to preferred stockholders" in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, LCMT had in accrued dividends on the LCMT Preferred Shares which are reflected in "dividends to preferred stockholders" in the Company's consolidated statements of operations of which were accrued and unpaid dividends on the LCMT Preferred Shares which are reflected in "Dividends payable" in the Company's consolidated balance sheet. 

NOTE 13 
 
 Less dividends expense: Common stock Preferred stock Undistributed earnings (deficit) ) ) 
 Unvested Share-Based 
 Payment Awards 
 Common Stock Unvested Share-Based 
 Payment Awards 
 Common Stock Distributed earnings Undistributed earnings (deficit) ) ) Total 
 
 Weighted average of non-vested restricted stock Diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 

NOTE 14 

NOTE 15 - 
 
 F-23 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

Provision for income tax expense 
 
 REIT income not subject to federal income tax ) ) State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) ) Return to provision ) ) Effective income tax rate ) ) 
 
 The differences between the Company's statutory rate and effective rate are largely determined by the amount of income subject to tax by the Company's TRS subsidiary. The Company expects that its future effective tax rate will be determined in a similar manner. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's net deferred tax assets were million and million, respectively, and are included in other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The Company believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized in the future. Realization of the net deferred tax assets is dependent on our generation of sufficient taxable income in future years in appropriate tax jurisdictions to obtain benefit from the reversal of temporary difference. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable is subject to adjustment in future periods of future taxable income change. 
 
 Mortgage servicing rights Capitalized transaction costs Net non-current deferred tax asset 
 
 At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the TRS had net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of million and million, which are available to offset future taxable income and begin expiring in 2034. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has concluded that there are no material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company's consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, tax years 2018 through 2021 remain subject to examination by taxing authorities. 
 
 REIT Qualification 

NOTE 16 - 
 
 million on the impaired loan which had an unpaid principal balance of million as of December 31, 2022. million, which had been provided for during the year-ended December 31, 2022, will be charged off against the Company s allowance for loan losses during the three months ended March 31, 2023, with de minimis impact to the provision for loan losses in the corresponding period. 
 
 March 16, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of per common share with respect to the first quarter of 2023. The dividend is payable on April 15, 2023, to common stockholders of record as of the close of business March 31, 2023. 
 F-24 

LUMENT FINANCE TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 16 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (Continued) 

 per share of Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the first quarter of 2023. The dividend is payable on April 15, 2023, to preferred stockholders of record as of the close of business April 3, 2023. 

F-25 

2027 I/O Borrower B Multifamily /VA L+ 
 2024 I/O Borrower C Multifamily / NJ L+ 
 2026 I/O Borrower D Multifamily / GA L+ 
 2024 I/O Borrower E Multifamily / TN L+ 
 2026 I/O Senior Loans less than 3 of the carrying amount of total loans Senior Loan Multifamily / Diversified L+ - 
 2024 - 2027 I/O Senior Loan Multifamily / Diversified S+ - 
 2025 - 2027 I/O Senior Loan Healthcare/ Diversified S+ 
 2026 I/O Senior Loan Self-Storage / WA L+ 
 2024 I/O Senior Loan Retail / TX L+ 
 2023 I/O Senior Loan Office / IL L+ 
 2023 I/O Total senior loans 
 (1) Includes senior mortgage loans and pari passu participations in senior mortgage loans. 
 (2) L = one-month LIBOR rate 
 (3) Extended maturity date assumes all extension options are exercised 
 (4) I/O = interest only 
 (5) Represents only third party liens 
 
 1. Reconciliation of Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 
 The following table reconciles activity regarding mortgage loans on real estate for the years ended: 
 2022 2021 Balance at January 1, Additions during period: Mortgage loans purchased Deductions during period Mortgage loan repayments ) ) Accretion of purchase discount Amortization of purchase premium ) ) Accretion of deferred loan fees Provision for loan losses ) Balance at December 31, 

F-26 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 lft10-k20221231_ex4x3.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 The following is a summary of (1) the rights and preferences of our common stock and preferred stock and (2) the related provisions of our charter and bylaws. Copies of our charters and bylaws are filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. 
 General 
 Our charter provides that we may issue up to 450,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, both having par value 0.01 per share. Our charter also provides that our board of directors has the authority, without any action by the stockholders, to designate and issue shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series and to fix rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of each class or series of preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any class or series, which may be greater that the rights of the holders of the common stock. As of March 14, 2023, we have 52,231,152 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and 2,400,000 shares of 7.875 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ).issued and outstanding. 
 Our common stock is listed and traded on the New York stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol LFT. Our Series A Preferred Stock is listed and traded on the NYSE under the symbol LFTPrA. 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Co 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Vo ting rights 
 Subject to the provisions of our charter restricting the transfer and ownership of shares of our stock and except as may otherwise be specified in the terms of any class or series of stock, each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors, and, except as provided with respect to any other class or series of shares of our stock, the holders of our common stock possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that the holders of a plurality of the outstanding shares of common stock, voting as a single class, may elect all of the directors then standing for election. 
 In accordance with the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL ), a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business unless declared advisable by the board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, unless a lesser percentage (but not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in the corporation's charter. Our charter provides that such matters may be approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, except for amendments to our charter relating to restrictions on transfer and ownership of shares, removal of directors or the voting requirement relating to these actions which require the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. This may discourage others from entering into such transactions with us and increase the difficulty of consummating any such transaction. 
 The MGCL permits the merger of a 90 or more owned subsidiary with or into its parent without stockholder approval provided (1) the charter of the successor is not amended other than in certain minor respects (such as the name of the successor) and (2) the contract rights of any stock of the successor issued in the merger in exchange for stock of the other corporation are identical to the contract rights of the stock for which it is exchanged. Also, because Maryland law may not require the stockholders of a parent corporation to approve a merger or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of a subsidiary entity, our subsidiaries may be able to merge or sell all or substantially all of their assets without a vote of our stockholders. 
 Dividends, liquidation and other rights 
 All of our outstanding shares of common stock are duly authorized, fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends or other distributions if and when authorized by our board of directors and declared by us out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends or other distributions. They also are entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, after payment of or adequate provision for all of our known debts and liabilities. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of any other class or series of our stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, and to the provisions of our charter regarding restrictions on transfer and ownership of our stock. 
 Holders of shares of our common stock generally have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund or redemption rights and have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our securities. As permitted by Maryland law, our charter provides that our stockholders will not be entitled to appraisal rights unless the board of directors determines that such rights will apply to certain transactions. Subject to the restrictions on transfer of capital stock contained in our charter, all shares of our common stock have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our charter provides that our board of directors has the authority, without action by the stockholders, to designate and issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of 

2 

 each class or series of preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any class or series, which may be greater than the rights of the holders of the common stock. Any issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock, and the likelihood that the holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control. 
 As of March 14, 2023, we have 2,400,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. The The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to our common stock with respect to distribution rights and rights upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company. In addition to other preferential rights, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to receive a liquidation preference, which is equal to 25.00 per share of Series A Preferred Stock plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, before the holders of our common stock receive any distributions in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company. Furthermore, we are generally restricted from declaring or paying any distributions, or setting aside any funds for the payment of distributions, on our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, redeeming or otherwise acquiring shares of our common stock unless full cumulative dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock have been declared and either paid or set aside for payment in full for all past periods. 
 
 Power to Issue Additional Shares of Capital Stock 
 
 Our charter also authorizes our board of directors to amend or supplement our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of capital stock of any class or series that we have the authority to issue, to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock into any other classes or series of classes of our stock, to establish the number of shares in each class or series and to set the terms, preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each such class or series. We believe that the power of our board of directors to take these actions provides us with increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other needs that might arise. The additional classes or series, as well as our common stock, are available for issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless stockholder action is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. Although our board of directors has no intention at the present time of doing so, it could authorize us to issue a class or series that could, depending upon the terms of such class or series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control of us that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock that our common stockholders or otherwise believe to be in their best interest. 
 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer of Our Capital Stock 
 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code for each taxable year beginning after December 31, 2012, our shares of capital stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Also, during the second half of each taxable year no more than 50 of the value of our outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned, directly or constructively, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code to include certain entities). 
 
 Our charter, subject to certain exceptions, contains restrictions on the number of shares of our capital stock that a person may own and may prohibit certain entities from owning our shares. Our charter prohibits, with certain exceptions described below, any stockholder from beneficially or constructively owning, applying certain attribution rules under the Internal Revenue Code, more than 8.75 by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding shares of common stock, more than 8.75 by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, or 8.75 by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding capital stock. Pursuant to our charter, our board of directors has the power to increase or decrease the percentage of common or capital stock that a person may beneficially or constructively own. However, any decreased stock ownership limit will not apply to any person whose percentage ownership of our common or capital stock, as the case may be, is in excess of such decreased stock ownership limit until that person's percentage ownership of our common or capital stock, as the case may be, equals or falls below the decreased stock ownership limit. Until such a person's percentage ownership of our common or capital stock, as the case may be, falls below such decreased stock ownership limit, any further acquisition of common stock will be in violation of the decreased stock ownership limit. 
 Our charter also prohibits any person from beneficially or constructively owning shares of our capital stock that would result in our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code or otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT and from transferring shares of our capital stock if the transfer would result in our capital stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons. Any person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire beneficial or constructive ownership of shares of our capital stock that may violate any of the foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership, or who is the intended transferee of shares of our capital stock that are transferred to the trust (as described below), is required to give written notice immediately to us and provide us (or, in the case of such a proposal or attempted transaction, give at least 15 days prior written notice) with such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect of such transfer on our qualification as a REIT. The foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT. 
 Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt a person from the ownership limits set forth in our charter. The person seeking an exemption must provide to our board of directors such representations and undertakings and satisfy such conditions, in each case as our board of directors may deem reasonably necessary to conclude that granting the exemption will not cause us to lose our qualification as a REIT. Our board of directors may also require a ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or an opinion of counsel in order to determine or ensure our qualification as a REIT in the context of granting such exemptions. Our board of directors 

3 

 has granted exemptions to the aggregate stock ownership limit and the common stock ownership limit in our charter to (i) XL Bermuda Ltd, (ii) OREC Investment Holdings, LLC , an affiliate of our external manager, and (iii) James C. Hunt, a member of our board of directors, and Hunt Companies Equity Holdings, LLC. 
 Any purported transfer of our capital stock which, if effective, would result in a violation of the foregoing restrictions (other than a transfer that would result in our capital stock being owned by fewer than 100 persons, which shall be void ab initio) will cause the number of shares causing the violation (rounded up to the nearest whole share) to be automatically transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries, and the proposed transferee will not acquire any rights in such shares. The automatic transfer will be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the business day (as defined in our charter) prior to the date of the transfer. If, for any reason, the transfer to the trust does not occur or would not prevent a violation of the restrictions on ownership contained in our charter, our charter provides that the purported transfer will be void ab initio. Shares of our capital stock held in the trust will be issued and outstanding shares. The proposed transferee will not benefit economically from ownership of any shares of our capital stock held in the trust, will have no rights to dividends and no rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares of capital stock held in the trust. The trustee of the trust will have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares held in the trust. These rights will be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to our discovery that shares of capital stock have been transferred to the trust will be paid by the recipient to the trustee upon demand. Any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid will be paid when due to the trustee. Any dividend or distribution paid to the trustee will be held in trust for the charitable beneficiary. Subject to Maryland law, the trustee will have the authority to rescind as void any vote cast by the proposed transferee prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to the trust and to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. However, if we have already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee will not have the authority to rescind and recast the vote. 
 Within 20 days of receiving notice from us that shares of our capital stock have been transferred to the trust, the trustee will sell the shares to a person designated by the trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the above ownership limitations. Upon such sale, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee and to the charitable beneficiary as follows the proposed transferee will receive the lesser of (1) the price paid by the proposed transferee for the shares or, if the proposed transferee did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the trust (e.g., a gift, devise or other similar transaction), the market price (as defined in our charter) of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the trust and (2) the price received by the trustee (net of any commissions and other expenses of sale) from the sale or other disposition of the shares. Any net sale proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the proposed transferee will be paid immediately to the charitable beneficiary. If, prior to our discovery that shares of our capital stock have been transferred to the trust, the shares are sold by the proposed transferee, then (1) the shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust and (2) to the extent that the proposed transferee received an amount for the shares that exceeds the amount the proposed transferee was entitled to receive, the excess shall be paid to the trustee upon demand. 
 In addition, shares of our capital stock held in the trust will be deemed to have been offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of the price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer to the trust (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the market price at the time of the devise or gift) and the market price on the date we, or our designee, accept the offer. We will have the right to accept the offer until the trustee has sold the shares. Upon a sale to us, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee. 
 Every owner of 5 or more (or such lower percentage as required by the Internal Revenue Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder) of the outstanding shares of capital stock, including shares of our common stock, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, will be required to give written notice to us stating the name and address of such owner, the number of shares of each class and series of shares of our capital stock that the owner beneficially owns and a description of the manner in which the shares are held. Each owner shall provide to us such additional information as we may request to determine the effect, if any, of the beneficial ownership on our qualification as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the ownership limitations. In addition, each such owner and beneficial or constructive owners shall, upon demand, be required to provide to us such information as we may request, in good faith, to determine our qualification as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 
 These ownership limitations could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 hcft10-k20221231_ex21x1.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Five Oaks Acquisition Corp. Delaware Oaks Funding, LLC Delaware Oaks Funding II, LLC Delaware Oaks Holding I, LLC Delaware Lument CMT Equity, LLC Delaware Lument CMT Finance, LLC Delaware Lument Commercial Mortgage Trust Maryland LFT CRE 2021-FL1 Advances, LLC Delaware LFT CRE 2021-FL1 Preferred, LLC Delaware LFT CRE 2021-FL1, Ltd. Cayman Islands LFT CRE 2021-FL1, LLC Delaware LFT CRE 2021-FL1 Seller, LLC Delaware LCMT REO I Corp. Maryland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 lft10-k20221231_ex23x1.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 The Board of Directors 
 Lument Finance Trust, Inc. 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-211027 and 333-258134) on Form S-3 of our report dated March 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule IV, of Lument Finance Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries. 

s KPMG LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 March 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 lft10-k20221231_ex31x1.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 Certification in the Form Provided by Rule 15d-14(a) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, James P. Flynn, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Lument Finance Trust, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over the financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 23, 2023 s James P. Flynn James P. Flynn Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 lft10-k20221231_ex31x2.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certification in the Form Provided by Rule 15d-14(a) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, James A. Briggs, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Lument Finance Trust, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over the financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 23, 2023 s James A. Briggs James A. Briggs Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 lft10-k20221231_ex32x1.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Lument Finance Trust, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James P. Flynn, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 23, 2023 s James P. Flynn James P. Flynn Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 lft10-k20221231_ex32x2.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Lument Finance Trust, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James A. Briggs, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 23, 2023 s James A. Briggs James A. Briggs Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 hcft-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 hcft-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 hcft-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 hcft-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 hcft-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

