<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1708035_0001708035-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29884149</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>2255855</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4802767</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11849012</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5322301</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5034782</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001708035-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228172536
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001708035-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		197
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ecovyst Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001708035
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CHEMICALS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [2800]
		IRS NUMBER:				813406833
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38221
		FILM NUMBER:		23687524

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 LINDENWOOD DRIVE
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355
		BUSINESS PHONE:		484-617-1200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 LINDENWOOD DRIVE
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PQ Group Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170531

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001708035-23-000007.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 ecvt-20221231.htm
 10-K

ecvt-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. This check box has been left unanswered pending adoption of the underlying rules. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). This check box has been left unanswered pending adoption of the underlying rules. The aggregate market value of Ecovyst Inc. voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) based on the closing sale price of 9.85 per share as reported on the New York Stock Exchange was . 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of February 23, 2023 was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the Ecovyst Inc. Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

Ecovyst Inc. 
 
 INDEX FORM 10-K 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 21 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 Item 2. Properties 
 40 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 42 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 70 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 72 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 72 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 72 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 74 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 74 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 74 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 74 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 74 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 74 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 74 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 75 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 78 
 Signatures 
 79 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 1 

i 

PART I 
 Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements that express our opinions, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or projections regarding future events or future results. The words believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, should and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short- and long-term business operations and objections, and financial needs. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make regarding demand trends, and/or Russia s invasion of Ukraine and related economic effects on our operations and financial results and our liquidity, and our belief that our current level of operations, cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operations and borrowings under our credit facilities and other lines of credit will provide us adequate cash to fund the working capital, capital expenditure, debt service and other requirements for our business for at least the next twelve months. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed herein may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 Some of the key factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations include the following risks related to our business: 
 
 as a global business, we are exposed to local business risks in different countries; 
 we are affected by general economic conditions and economic downturns; 
 exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 
 our international operations require us to comply with anti-corruption laws, trade and export controls and regulations of the U.S. government and various international jurisdictions in which we do business; 
 alternative technology or other changes in our customers products may reduce or eliminate the need for certain of our products; 
 our new product development and research and development efforts may not succeed and our competitors may develop more effective or successful products; 
 our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition; 
 if we are unable to manage the current and future inflationary environment and to pass on increases in raw material prices, including natural gas, or labor costs to our customers or to retain or replace our key suppliers, our results of operations and cash flows may be negatively affected; 
 we face substantial competition in the industries in which we operate; 
 we are subject to the risk of loss resulting from non-payment or non-performance by our customers; 
 we rely on a limited number of customers for a meaningful portion of our business; 
 multi-year customer contracts in our Ecoservices segment are subject to potential early termination and such contracts may not be renewed at the end of their respective terms; 
 our quarterly results of operations are subject to fluctuations because the demand for some of our products is seasonal; 
 our growth projects may result in significant expenditures before generating revenues, if any, which may materially and adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy; 
 we may be liable to damages based on product liability claims brought against us or our customers for costs associated with recalls of our or our customers products; 
 1 

we are subject to extensive environmental, health and safety regulations and face various risks associated with potential non-compliance or releases of hazardous materials; 
 existing and proposed regulations to address climate change by limiting greenhouse gas emissions may cause us to incur significant additional operating and capital expenses and may impact our business and results of operations; 
 production and distribution of our products could be disrupted for a variety of reasons, including as a result of supply chain constraints, and such disruptions could expose us to significant losses or liabilities; 
 the insurance that we maintain may not fully cover all potential exposures; 
 we could be subject to damages based on claims brought against us by our customers or lose customers as a result of the failure of our products to meet certain quality specifications; 
 our failure to protect our intellectual property and infringement on the intellectual property rights of third parties; 
 disruption, failure or cyber security breaches affecting or targeting computers and infrastructure used by us or our business partners may adversely impact our business and operations; 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and financial markets, as well as on our business and our suppliers, and the response of governments and of our company to the outbreak including variants of the virus and associated containment, remediation and vaccination efforts; and 
 the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors. 
 
 The forward-looking statements included herein are made only as of the date hereof. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Form 10-K to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 Ecovyst Inc. Ecovyst or the Company ), formerly PQ Group Holdings Inc. PQ Group Holdings was incorporated in Delaware on August 7, 2015. We trace our roots to 1831, and our business has a nearly 200-year history of innovation, enabling environmental improvements in areas such as fuel efficiency and emissions, while improving the sustainability of our planet. On May 4, 2016, we consummated a series of transactions (the Business Combination to reorganize and combine the then-existing businesses with Eco Services Operations LLC under a new holdings company, then called PQ Group Holdings. On October 3, 2017, we completed our initial public offering IPO ). On August 1, 2021, we changed our name from PQ Group Holdings Inc. to Ecovyst Inc., changed the ticker symbol of our common stock listed on the New York Stock Exchange from PQG to ECVT and rebranded our former segments from Refining Services to Ecoservices and Catalysts to Catalyst Technologies. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the stock ticker ECVT. Unless the context otherwise indicates, the terms Ecovyst Inc., we, us, our, or the Company mean Ecovyst Inc. and our subsidiaries. 
 On December 14, 2020, we completed the sale of our Performance Materials business to Potters Buyer, LLC (the Purchaser ), an affiliate of The Jordan Company, L.P., for a purchase price of 650 million, which was subject to certain adjustments for indebtedness, working capital, and cash at the closing of the transaction. The results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows for the Performance Materials businesses are presented herein as discontinued operations. Except where noted, any tables, percentages or metrics included within this filing exclude the results of our former Performance Materials business. Additionally, our Board of Directors (the Board declared a special cash dividend of 1.80 per share, payable on December 14, 2020 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on December 21, 2020. Refer to Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 2 

Effective on August 1, 2021, we completed the sale of our Performance Chemicals business for 1.1 billion, subject to certain adjustments set forth in the agreement. We used a portion of the net cash proceeds to repay the entire 2018 Term Loan Facility (as defined below) of 231.4 million and the 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes (as defined below) of 295.0 million. The 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes were redeemed at a redemption price equal to the sum of 102.875 of the principal amount of the 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, August 2, 2021. Additionally, our Board declared a special cash dividend of 3.20 per share, payable on August 23, 2021 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 12, 2021. The results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows for the Performance Chemicals business are presented herein as discontinued operations. Refer to Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Our Company 
 We are a leading, integrated and innovative global provider of specialty catalysts and services. We believe that our products, which are predominantly inorganic, and services contribute to improving the sustainability of the environment. Our value-added products seek to address global demand trends that are often either the subject of significant environmental and safety regulations or are driven by consumer preferences for more sustainable products, which provides us with high-margin growth opportunities. We believe that our products contribute to lower emissions and cleaner air, higher fuel efficiency and cleaner fuels, and help advance the global transition to clean energy. Specifically, our products and solutions help companies in the production of renewable fuels and help to produce vehicles with improved fuel efficiency and cleaner emissions. Because our products are predominantly inorganic and carbon-free, we believe we contribute to improving the sustainability of our planet. 
 We believe we are a leader in each of our business segments, holding what we estimate to be a number one or number two supply share position for products that generated more than 90 of our 2022 sales and our proportionate 50 share of sales attributable to the Zeolyst JV, respectively. We believe that our global footprint and efficient network of strategically located manufacturing facilities provide us with a strong competitive advantage in serving our customers both regionally as well as globally. 
 We believe, with our long history of established partnerships with our customers and our reputation for providing reliable, quality of products and solutions, our products deliver significant value to our customers, as demonstrated by our profit margins. Our products typically constitute a small portion of our customers overall end-product costs, yet are critical to product performance. 
 We have a long track record of innovation that is reflected in our technical and production expertise in silica, zeolites and catalyst technologies. 
 We are highly diversified by business, geography and end use. In 2022, the majority of our sales were for applications that have historically had relatively predictable, consistent demand patterns driven by consumption or frequent replacement cycles. 
 As a result of our competitive strengths, we have generally maintained stable margins through changing macro economic cycles. 
 In 2022, we served global customers across many end uses and as of December 31, 2022, operated out of ten strategically located manufacturing facilities. 

3 

(1) Percentage calculations include 132.6 million of sales attributable to the Zeolyst Joint Venture Zeolyst JV ), which represents 50 of its total sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Zeolyst JV sales are included in both the Clean Fuels, Emission Control Others and Polymers Engineered Plastics end uses. Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Basis of Presentation for a description of the treatment of the Zeolyst Joint Venture in our consolidated financial information. 
 (2) Based on the delivery destination for products sold in 2022. 
 Our Strategy 
 We intend to capitalize on our strong business foundation, sustainability driven innovation and customer partnerships to grow sales, maintain high margins, deploy capital efficiently and generate consistent free cash flow in order to create shareholder value. We believe that our long history of operational excellence and proven reliability, technology leadership, strong customer relationships, innovation track record and consistent business execution developed from our industry experience positions us well to execute our business strategy. 
 4 

Our Industry 
 Our industry is characterized by constant development of new products and the need to support customers with new product innovation and technical services. This innovation is coupled with consistent product quality and a reliable source of supply, delivered in a safe and environmentally sustainable manner. Products sold to our customers can be high value-add even when they represent a small portion of the overall end product costs, and success can be achieved by helping customers improve their product performance, value, and quality. As a result, operating margins in this sector have historically been high and generally stable through economic cycles. In addition, many products in the specialty chemicals industry benefit from economics that favor incumbent producers because the capital cost to expand existing capacity is typically significantly less than the capital cost necessary to build a new plant. The combination of attractive operating margins and generally predictable maintenance capital expenditure requirements provides the ability to produce attractive cash flows. 
 Our Product End Uses 
 The table below summarizes our key end use applications and products, as well as the significant growth drivers in those applications. 
 Sales including Zeolyst JV 
 Total Sales (1) 
 Key End Uses 2022 2021 2020 Significant Growth Drivers Key Products Clean Fuels, Emission Control Other 14 19 18 Global regulatory requirements to: Refining hydrocracking catalysts Remove sulfur from diesel and gasoline Emission control catalysts Remove nitrogen oxides from tailpipe emissions Catalysts used in the production of renewable fuels Growing demand for renewable fuels Catalyst activation Growing demand for ex-situ catalyst activation to support traditional and renewable fuels production Aluminum sulfate solution Improve lubricant characteristics to improve fuel efficiencies Ammonium bisulfite solution Municipal and industrial water treatment Polymers Engineered Plastics 15 17 19 Demand for high-density polyethylene used for strengthening and light weighting components Catalysts for high-density polyethylene and chemicals syntheses Demand for increased process efficiency and reduction of by-products in production chemicals Antiblocks for film packaging Growing demand for recycling of materials Niche custom catalyst Regeneration and Treatment Services 36 35 38 Increase gasoline octane in order to improve fuel efficiency while lowering vapor pressure and sulfur to regulated levels Sulfuric acid regeneration services High industry utilization Treatment services Growing demand for applications in hazardous and non-hazardous waste Industrial, Mining Automotive 35 29 25 Demand for metals and minerals for low carbon technologies and infrastructure Sulfuric acid for mining Demand for a wide range of products including construction materials, auto, consumer goods, and chemicals Sulfur derivatives for industrial production Recovery in global oil drilling/U.S. copper production Sulfur derivatives for nylon production 
 
 5 

(1) Percentage calculations include 132.6 million, 131.3 million and 128.6 million of sales attributable to the Zeolyst JV, which represents 50 of its total sales for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Zeolyst JV sales are included in both the Clean Fuels, Emission Control Other and Polymers Engineered Plastics key end uses. Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Basis of Presentation for a description of the treatment of the Zeolyst Joint Venture in our consolidated financial information. 
 Competitive Business Strengths 
 Favorable Secular Growth Trends Across the Portfolio 
 We focus on serving end use applications where we believe significant growth potential exists. Our products and services address our customers needs, which are typically driven either by regulatory requirements or consumer preferences, on a global basis. We believe that our products and services incorporate innovative environmental and safety solutions to address evolving customer demands, examples of which include the following: 
 Increased use of plastics as a substitute for heavier and less versatile materials, such as glass and metal, is driving increased global demand for polyethylene capacity expansions and production. Further, we are seeing expansions shift towards silica-based technology, which we believe will drive growth for our Silica Catalysts product group within our Catalyst Technologies segment; and 
 Light- and heavy-duty diesel engines are subject to a broad set of regulatory requirements and increasingly strict standards. We believe these trends present global opportunities for the Zeolyst Joint Venture to support our customers in meeting these standards through our sales of emission control catalysts. While the US Environmental Protection Agency and European Union have led other nations in terms of standards that limit the amount of nitrogen oxides, carbon dioxide and other emissions for diesel engines, other emerging regions are implementing similar standards, specifically China, with the China VI (equivalent to Euro VI) emission standard enacted in 2020. 
 We believe that stringent fuel efficiency standards that spur the use of high compression engines requiring higher-octane gasoline and continued stringent regulatory requirements for gasoline will continue to encourage strong alklyate production at our refining customers. We believe that our Ecoservices segment is well positioned to benefit from any related growth in demand for alkylate. 
 We also believe we have opportunities to displace other less environmentally friendly materials for industrial and consumer good applications through our business segments. Our Ecoservices segment is the largest North American recycler of sulfuric acid and one of the largest consumers of refinery by-products of sulfur, enabling them to be converted to other applications. In our Catalyst Technologies segment, we are helping our customers meet evolving regulatory requirements for the reduction of sulfur from diesel fuel and reduction of NOx emissions from diesel engines through our custom zeolites. Similarly, we believe our specialty zeolites and silica supported catalysts are enabling our customers to improve fuel economy and utilize renewable resources through development of improved lubricants, lightweight polymers and renewable transportation fuel. 
 Leading Supply Positions 
 We believe that we maintain a leading supply position for certain products sold within each of our segments, holding what we estimate to be the number one or two supply share position in 2022 for products that generated more than 90 of our sales and our proportionate 50 share of sales attributable to the Zeolyst JV, respectively. We believe that our global footprint and efficient network of strategically located manufacturing facilities provides us with a strong competitive advantage in serving our customers both globally and regionally, and that it would be costly for our competitors to replicate our network. 
 In our Catalyst Technologies segment, we primarily compete on a global basis. We are a leading supplier of zeolite-based catalyst used to remove sulfur in the refinery hydrocracking process, and emission control catalysts used in the heavy- and light-duty diesel industries to reduce nitrogen oxides emissions. We are also a global supplier of silica catalysts and supports for polyethylene manufacturers and other niche custom catalyst applications, including supplying catalyst used to produce methyl methacrylate MMA ). 
 6 

In our Ecoservices segment, we hold an estimated number one supply share position in the United States in sulfuric acid regeneration services based on 2022 sales volume of greater than 50 . Innovation Track Record 
 We believe a key competitive advantage is derived from our depth of expertise in silica, zeolites and catalysts technologies. Further, we have the ability to tailor and scale specialty grades to meet changing demands and technical support for large scale commercialization. Many of our products require close customer collaboration to address constantly evolving customer application challenges. Given the long lead-time required for product development and commercialization, which can be up to ten years, we work closely and build long-term relationships with our customers. In many cases, our relationships have spanned decades given our ability to meet customized specifications and performance characteristics while also maintaining strict quality standards. 
 These long-term relationships have allowed us to innovate together with our customers to meet evolving demands. For example, we have developed zeolite-based catalysts that are an effective and efficient method to reduce pollutants from heavy- and light-duty diesel engines and enable our customers to meet increasingly stringent vehicle emission standards worldwide. We also manufacture zeolite-based catalysts used in the production of renewable fuels to help advance the global transition to clean energy. In addition, our proprietary silica catalyst has enabled development of a high strength high-density polyethylene HDPE resin that is used for making lightweight plastic gasoline tanks for automobiles. 
 Long-Term, High-Quality Customer Relationships 
 We collaborate with leading multinational companies that often seek global solutions. Our customers include large industrial companies such as Exxon Mobil, BASF and Chevron Products, and global catalyst producers such as Albemarle and Grace. We also supply catalysts to leading chemical and petrochemical producers such as BASF, Dow Chemical, Mitsubishi Chemical, LyondellBasell and Shell. We have long-term relationships with our top ten customers, based on 2022 sales, that average more than 50 years. In addition, our customer base is diversified, with our top ten customers in 2022 representing approximately 58 of our sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 (including our proportionate 50 share of sales attributable to the Zeolyst JV), and one customer representing 13 or 103.3 million of our sales in both our Ecoservices and Catalyst Technologies businesses during this period. 
 Secured Contractual Pass-through of Raw Material Costs Support Stable Margins 
 We have been able to mitigate the impact of raw material or energy price volatility using a variety of mechanisms, including hedging and raw material cost pass-through mechanisms in our sales contracts and other adjustment provisions. Most of our Ecoservices contracts feature minimum volume protection and/or quarterly price adjustments for items such as commodity inputs, labor, the Chemical Engineering Plant Cost Index and natural gas. In 2022, approximately 83 of our Ecoservices segment sales were sold under contracts that included some form of raw material pass-through clause. These price adjustments generally reflect our Ecoservices actual cost structure in producing sulfuric acid, and tend to provide us with some protection against volatility in labor, fixed costs and raw material pricing. Freight expenses are generally passed through directly to customers. 
 Our products are predominantly inorganic and carbon-free, and are produced from readily available raw materials. We also use natural gas in our manufacturing process where our North American facilities have benefited from the plentiful supplies of shale gas. In addition, we have long-term contracts and relationships with many of our key raw materials suppliers across all of our business segments. 
 Long Term Customer Contracts Enhance Sales Predictability and Stability 
 We partner with many of our customers under long-term contract agreements, 100 requirement arrangements and/or specified products for certain license production processes. In our Ecoservices segment, approximately 40 of our production capacity serves customers with staggered multi-year commitment contracts with potential for value pricing resets and cost pass-through for our regeneration services product line that enhances sales and margin predictability and stability. Excluding contracts with automatic evergreen provisions, approximately 30 of our sulfuric acid volume for the year ended December 31, 2022 was under contracts expiring at the end of 2023 or beyond. 
 
 7 

In our Catalyst Technologies segment, we are either the sole or dual supplier to key global customers under various term agreements up to 10 years for each of polyethylene catalysts and silica catalysts supports. Further, we have a multi-year supply agreement for MMA catalyst with a leading global producer. In our zeolite catalysts product group, where we supply catalysts and zeolite powders for refining, renewable fuels, and emission controls applications, we operate with a mix of evergreen and various term contracts depending on the product customization. These terms, in line with industry standards, provide us with flexibility in satisfying customers. 
 Strategic and Differentiated Manufacturing Know-how and Supply Chain Global Network 
 Ecoservices predecessor company, Stauffer Chemical, was a leader in pioneering the current sulfuric acid regeneration technology in the 1940s. Since then, we have leveraged our process technology expertise and ability to deliver our products by barge, rail, truck and pipeline to become the largest sulfuric acid regenerator in North America and a leading North American producer of high-quality virgin sulfuric acid. Ecoservices has also applied its expert knowledge in thermal decomposition to provide treatment services for hazardous/non-hazardous wastes, and most recently activate catalysts with our patented Chem32 technology. 
 Our Catalyst Technologies product development and manufacturing technology is customized based on deep silica based and zeolite based material science know-how. Our R D centers seek to develop fit for purpose catalysts with customers. We believe we have a differentiated capability to develop such products and manufacture them consistently. 
 Stable Margins and Cash Flow Generation Across Changing Macroeconomic Cycles 
 The secular trends supporting many of our business segments has allowed us to maintain stable margins while continuing to grow in different macroeconomic environments. We believe that the stability of our margins and cash flows is also aided by long term sales contracts and material cost pass-through. Our ability to enter into favorable contracts and terms with customers is driven by our long history of collaborative relationships and track record of providing value-added products and services. We believe that our value-added products and services have proven to be critical to the performance of our customers products, and typically represent only a small portion of our customers overall end-product costs. 
 We believe our strong commercial contact structure enables our businesses to generate strong operating cash flow. In addition, our cash flow generation has been driven, in part, by lower debt levels, our disciplined capital investment, as well as tax attributes that provide us with cash flow benefits. As of December 31, 2022, we had 293.1 million of tax deductible intangibles and goodwill with respect to Eco Services Operations LLC, which provides us with cash tax savings as we generate taxable income. 
 
 Our Business Segments 
 We are a leading, integrated and innovative global provider of specialty catalysts and services. We believe that our products, which are predominantly inorganic, and services contribute to improving the sustainability of the environment. We conduct operations through two reporting segments: (1) Ecoservices and (2) Catalyst Technologies (including our 50 interest in the Zeolyst Joint Venture). 
 8 

The table below summarizes certain information regarding our two reporting segments for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 Segments and Product Groups Sales of Total Sales Zeolyst Joint Venture Sales (1) 
 of Total Sales and Zeolyst Joint Venture Sales (1)(2) 
 Net Income of Net Income Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 of Total Adjusted EBITDA (1)(2) 
 (in millions, except percentages) Ecoservices 702.5 85.6 73.7 73.8 227.8 74.5 Catalyst Technologies 117.7 14.4 12.4 26.2 78.0 25.5 Zeolite Catalyst 132.6 13.9 Subtotal 820.2 100.0 132.6 100.0 Corporate (29.0) Total 820.2 100.0 132.6 100.0 73.7 100.0 276.8 100.0 
 
 (1) Percentage calculations include 132.6 million of sales attributable to the Zeolyst JV, which represents 50 of its total sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Adjusted EBITDA of our Catalyst Technologies segment includes our 50 portion of the Adjusted EBITDA of our Zeolyst JV. Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Basis of Presentation for a description of the treatment of the Zeolyst Joint Venture in our consolidated financial information. Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Performance Indicators for discussion of our use of non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations. 
 (2) Percentage calculations exclude 29.0 million in corporate expenses. 
 Ecoservices 
 Our Ecoservices segment is a leading provider of sulfuric acid recycling Regeneration Services and end-to-end logistics to North American refineries to support the production of alkylate, a high value gasoline blending component required for meeting gasoline specifications and producing premium grade fuel. We are also a leading North American producer of on-purpose virgin sulfuric acid for water treatment, mining, and industrial applications Virgin Sulfuric Acid ). We provide treatment services for hazardous/non-hazardous industrial wastes Treatment Services and with the acquisition of Chem 32, LLC Chem32 in March 2021, and we are also a leader in ex situ sulfiding and pre-activation for hydro-processing catalysts, which are used in production of traditional and renewable fuels. By providing regeneration services, as well as purchasing by-product sulfur from customers for use in manufacturing virgin sulfuric acid, we believe that we provide our refining customers with a complete solution for their sulfuric acid needs. 
 Trends for increased alkylate production are being driven by: rising demand for premium gasoline used in smaller, more efficient turbocharged engines, which requires an alkylate content of approximately 35 -45 , as compared to the 12 alkylate content in regular gasoline; the need for more alkylate to meet the minimum octane ratings in regular gasoline following the continued significant share growth of shale oil refining in the U.S.; the full implementation of Tier 3 gasoline sulfur standards in the United States was enacted for 2020, which requires the blending of additional low sulfur high octane gasoline components such as alkylate; and rising gasoline exports, which generally contain no ethanol and will generally require more alkylate to replace the ethanol in order to meet the minimum octane requirements for the destination countries. 
 Our Ecoservices segment is mostly regional due to shipping costs and our customer integration requirements. Our network of facilities is concentrated in the Gulf Coast and the state of California, where more than 60 of the United States refining capacity is located. We believe that the strategic locations of our plants in these key refining regions contribute to our highly efficient supply chain networks with our customers, including in some cases captive pipelines connecting us to our refinery customers. Alternatively, product can be shipped by barge, rail and truck. 
 
 9 

Primary Product Groups 
 Regeneration Services serves a critical need for refining customers. Sulfuric acid serves as a catalyst in the alkylation process. The resulting spent sulfuric acid needs to be regenerated or recycled, which is no longer a core competency of most refiners. Since storage space for fresh and spent sulfuric acid is typically limited, and the cost to refineries of interruption to their alkylation units would be significant, refineries seek to have a continuous and reliable source of supply for sulfuric acid regeneration services. 
 Our end-to-end regeneration service offering takes the spent acid from the refinery, through our network of plants and transportation systems, and recycles the sulfuric acid into high strength fresh sulfuric acid for reuse in the alkylation process. Because of the number and strategic locations of our plants, and the breadth of our transportation logistics, we believe we bring the highest reliability and flexibility to our refining customers, allowing them to focus on their core competency by optimizing their alkylation capacity. 
 Virgin sulfuric acid is created either through the incinerating sulfur in furnaces, or as a by-product of other industrial processes, primarily the smelting of copper and other base metals. Our sulfur-derived, high-quality virgin sulfuric acid products supply a diverse set of end uses. Sulfur derived acid is generally considered to be of higher purity and quality than smelter-produced acid and, as a result, smelter-produced acid is not suitable for some industrial users including several of our larger customers who require higher quality and differentiated sulfuric acid products, such as super-saturated sulfuric acid (oleum). Virgin sulfuric acid is produced at all of our facilities utilizing the same production equipment as our regeneration services. 
 Our Treatment Services business is a niche offering providing a thermal destruction solution for the management of bulk quantities of hazardous and non-hazardous by-products, co-products and waste materials. We specialize in handling sulfur-bearing materials, acidic materials, high-temperature molten materials and other hard to handle liquids. Our process provides a beneficial reuse alternative to traditional disposal by capturing the energy value and sulfur content of these materials, supplementing our processes, and offsetting the use of virgin raw materials. 
 Competition 
 Given our strategic presence on the Gulf Coast and in California, and our relationships with leading refineries, we estimate that our regenerated sulfuric acid supply share is substantially larger than our closest competitor. We compete in the North American refining services industry with competitors such as Chemtrade and Veolia. We compete on the basis of price, reliability, and responsiveness to changes in customer demand, which is a function of scale, proximity to customer locations and operational expertise. We believe that we benefit from industry economics that favor incumbent producers because the capital cost and regulatory challenges to expand existing capacity are typically significantly less than to build a new plant. In addition, existing robust supply chains, including captive pipeline connections and other transportation logistics add to the competitive advantages available to incumbent producers. As a result, we believe that our integrated and strategically located network of facilities and end-to-end logistics assets in the United States provide us with a significant competitive advantage and would be costly for our competitors to replicate. 
 Manufacturing 
 We produce regenerated sulfuric acid and virgin sulfuric acid through our furnace operations. Regenerated sulfuric acid is produced by thermally decomposing the spent acid in our furnace into a clean gas stream, which is converted into sulfuric acid. Virgin sulfuric acid is produced by burning sulfur and certain sulfur-rich components at high temperatures within a furnace to create a gas stream. The chart below summarizes the manufacturing platform for our Ecoservices segment. 
 10 

Ecoservices Manufacturing Platform 

Catalyst Technologies 
 We are a leading global provider of customized and innovative catalyst products and process solutions to leading producers and licensors of polyethylene, or PE, and methyl methacrylate, or MMA. Our finished silica-based catalysts and catalyst supports are necessary to produce high strength and high stiffness plastics used in packaging films, bottles, containers, and other molded applications. Global consumer demand for high strength lightweight plastics is expected to continue to grow in the near to medium term driving increased production capacity expansions. Our zeolite-based catalysts enable the removal of nitrogen oxides from diesel engine emissions as well as sulfur dioxide from fuels during the refining process. The continued expansion of stricter global regulations for reducing sulfur in fuels is expected to drive the ongoing demand for our products. 
 Our product groups include Silica Catalysts and Zeolite Catalysts. Zeolite Catalyst products are sold through the Zeolyst Joint Venture. 
 Silica Catalysts supplies both the finished catalyst and catalyst supports, which are critical catalyst components for the production of HDPE, a high strength and high stiffness plastic used in bottles, containers, and molded applications and LLDPE used predominately for films. We also produce a catalyst that is used globally for the production of MMA, the monomer for acrylic engineering resins, a clear scratch-resistant plastic used in sheet or molded form to replace glass and as a durable surface coating. Because these catalysts are highly technical and customized for our customers to produce resins with specific properties, they are often covered under long-term supply agreements and, in some cases, we are a customer s sole source supplier. In addition, we supply silica anti-blocking products that are used to prevent opposite faces of polyethylene and polyester films from adhering to one another during manufacturing and in use. 
 The Zeolyst Joint Venture, (formed in 1988 specifically as Zeolyst International and Zeolyst C.V., our 50 owned joint venture with Shell Catalysts Technologies, an affiliate of Royal Dutch Shell plc. or Shell ), supplies high technology specialty zeolites and zeolite-based catalysts to customers for the following major end uses: refining (primarily hydrocracking catalyst and dewaxing), petrochemicals, renewable fuels, and emission control systems for both on-road and non-road diesel engines. We also supply custom zeolites to catalyst companies who compete in similar industries. The Zeolyst Joint Venture leverages each partner s technology and production expertise, including Shell s expertise in hydrocracking catalyst to maximize liquid product yields, especially distillate while at the same time removing sulfur, and Ecovyst s expertise in zeolite technology. We also believe the Zeolyst Joint Venture is a first mover in zeolite fuels and emissions control technology and we expect continued expansion as environmental emissions standards increase globally. 
 11 

To meet sulfur emission control standards, hydrocracking catalyst is the most economic method for refiners while maintaining yields for diesel, one of the most profitable product streams. The Zeolyst Joint Venture is the sole supplier of hydrocracking catalyst to Shell, but a majority of catalyst sales are to third-party refineries. We also provide precursor supports to many of the hydrocracking catalyst suppliers, positioning us as a leading supplier in the global hydrocracking catalyst supply chain. 
 To meet nitrogen oxides NOx emission control regulations that are expanding globally, many of our zeolite powders are used in an advanced emission control technology called selective catalytic reduction, largely focused on heavy duty diesel HDD transportation. This process uses ammonia to react with engine exhaust gases via our catalysts in order to convert NOx, a pollutant, into harmless nitrogen and water. We believe that our zeolite catalysts can enable selective catalytic reduction technology to reduce the amount of nitrogen oxides in such exhaust gases by more than 90 and is one of the most cost-effective methods to reduce diesel engine emissions. 
 Competition 
 Our Silica Catalysts product group primarily competes with Grace. The Zeolyst Joint Venture competes with global catalyst producers such as Grace, BASF, UOP, Axens, and Haldor Topsoe, while at the same time providing many of them customized zeolite solutions for their product offerings. Some direct competition with niche companies exists, including competitors such as Tosoh and Clariant. We typically compete on the basis of performance, product consistency, reliability, and responsiveness to changes in customer demand. 
 Manufacturing 
 We manufacture our catalyst products using sodium silicate to make specialty zeolite and silica products. These zeolites and silicas are either used directly to produce catalysts or are sold as precursors to other catalyst manufacturers. 
 The chart below summarizes the manufacturing platform for our Catalyst Technologies segment. 
 
 Silica Catalysts Manufacturing Platform 

12 

Zeolyst Joint Venture Manufacturing Platform 

Raw Materials 
 Our products are predominantly inorganic and carbon-free, and are produced from readily available raw materials such as sodium silicate and sodium hydroxide caustic soda ), which prices have historically been less volatile than oil. We also use natural gas in our manufacturing process, with our North American facilities benefiting from the plentiful supplies of shale gas. In addition, we have long-term supply relationships with many of our key raw materials suppliers. We have also been able to mitigate the impact of raw material or energy price volatility using a variety of mechanisms, including cost pass-through clauses in our sales contracts and other adjustment provisions. 
 We are able to negotiate our supply agreements for our key raw materials based on our leading industry position and global scale in an effort to achieve competitive pricing. We also maintain a raw material quality audit and qualification program designed to ensure that the material we purchase satisfies stringent quality requirements. Key raw materials for our segments include: 
 Key Raw Materials Segments Sodium hydroxide ("caustic soda") Ecoservices 
 Sulfur Ecoservices 
 Sodium silicate Catalyst Technologies 
 
 While natural gas is not a direct feedstock for any individual product, we use natural gas powered furnaces to heat raw materials and create the chemical reactions necessary to manufacture our products. We maintain multiple suppliers wherever possible and we seek to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in prices for natural gas. Where possible, we also utilize pass-through clauses for raw material and natural gas costs in our customer contracts. However, we may not be successful in passing through all increases in raw material costs or maintaining an uninterrupted supply of natural gas for all of our furnaces. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business If we are unable to pass on increases in raw 
 13 

material prices, including natural gas, to our customers or to retain or replace our key suppliers, our results of operations and cash flows may be negatively affected . 
 Zeolyst Joint Venture 
 The Zeolyst Joint Venture is a long-standing partnership with Shell Catalysts Technologies, an affiliate of Royal Dutch Shell plc. or Shell , that dates back to 1988 and is focused on the development, manufacture and sale of zeolite-containing catalysts through manufacturing facilities located in Kansas and the Netherlands. We combine our expertise in zeolite supply and technology with our partner s expertise in global refinery catalyst sales and technology. We have a 50 ownership stake in the Zeolyst Joint Venture. We produce specialty zeolites that are precursors for the production of hydrocracking catalyst and other refinery and renewable fuels catalysts. Our extensive expertise in zeolite production enables us to manage the production of specialty zeolites. Specialty zeolite catalysts include aromatic catalysts that upgrade aromatic by-product streams, dewaxing catalysts that improve lube oil performance and diesel cold flow performance, and paraffin isomerization catalysts that upgrade olefins to high octane gasoline blending components for refinery and petrochemical customers. 
 Research and Development 
 We benefit from the highly-skilled technical capabilities of our employees who are dedicated to new product development. We operate two research and development facilities: one in the United States and one in the United Kingdom. Our research and development activities are directed toward the development of new and improved products, processes, systems and applications for customers. Our research and development team is organized to support each of our operating businesses and staffed with experienced scientists, technical service representatives and process engineers with direct knowledge of our products. This business group and customer-oriented team structure provides strong links between our product development and manufacturing functions and our customer collaboration and specifications. These connections enable us to focus our development on timely and relevant products for our customers while remaining attentive to manufacturing considerations that enable us to produce new products profitably and in a timely manner. Product development activities are organized into research and development projects that are subject to regular reviews by the business teams in order to understand and address our customers evolving needs and invest in our growth by prioritizing innovation driven by these identified needs. In addition, we hold senior-level project reviews to ensure best practices are shared and consistent metrics are used to determine a project s merit and the size of the potential opportunity. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We evaluate how best to use patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other available intellectual property protections on a case by case base. This is done to protect our products and our critical investments in research and development, manufacturing and marketing. We focus on securing and maintaining patents for certain inventions such as composition-of-matter, while maintaining other inventions such as process improvements as trade secrets to maximize the value of our product portfolio and reinforce our competitive advantage. Our policy is to seek appropriate intellectual property protection for significant product and process developments in the major areas where the relevant products are manufactured or sold. Patents may cover products, processes, intermediate products and product uses. Patents extend for varying periods in accordance with the date of patent application filing and the legal life of patents in the various countries in which the patents are registered. The protection afforded, which may also vary from country to country, depends upon the type of subject matter covered by the patent and the scope of the claims of the patent. 
 In most industrial countries, patent protection may be available for new substances and formulations, as well as for unique applications and production processes. However, given the geographical scope of our business and our continued growth strategy, there are regions of the world in which we do business or may do business in the future where intellectual property protection may be limited and difficult to enforce. Moreover, we monitor our competitors products and, if circumstances were to dictate that we do so, we would vigorously challenge the actions of others that conflict with our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. We maintain appropriate information security policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure the safeguarding of confidential information including, where appropriate, data encryption, access controls and employee awareness training. 
 
 14 

We own or have rights to a number of patents relating to our products and processes. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 20 patented inventions in the United States, with 197 patents issued in countries around the world and 40 patent applications pending worldwide. As of December 31, 2022, we also had trademark rights in 50 trademark registrations worldwide, including 5 U.S. trademark registrations. We also have 16 pending trademark applications, which include applications in the United States and worldwide. In addition to our registered and applied-for intellectual property portfolio, we also claim ownership of certain trade secrets and proprietary know-how developed by and used in our business. Including our joint ventures, we are party to certain arrangements whereby we license in the right to use certain intellectual property rights in connection with our business. 
 Seasonality 
 Our Ecoservices segment typically experiences seasonal fluctuations as a result of higher demand for gasoline products in the summer and lower demand in the winter months. These demand fluctuations results in higher sales and working capital requirements in the second and third quarters. 
 Sustainability Overview 
 Sustainability is intertwined with our daily business and is reinforced through our strategy and values. We strive to create sustainable products that are safe for the environment, and to reduce waste and increase efficiencies for our customers and stakeholders. We believe that our products contribute to lower emissions and cleaner air, advance the global transition to clean energy, support the circular plastics economy and ensure clean, purified drinking water. We are committed to creating environmentally responsible products that we believe make a difference in people s daily lives and for our planet. 
 While offering products and services that help our customers to advance their own sustainability goals, we also work to advance our commitment to maintain sound environmental, social and governance ESG practices, policies and procedures. For example, we: 
 Were awarded a Gold Sustainability Score from EcoVadis for 2023, a third-party sustainability evaluation company. The Gold Medal rating score from EcoVadis places us in the 97th percentile of all companies ranked by EcoVadis in our sector peer group; 
 Maintained an executive level position of Vice President Environment and Sustainability that reports directly to our CEO; 
 Created the position of Global Director of Health, Safety and Process Safety Management to oversee the company s goal-setting and improvement efforts in the areas of health, safety and process safety; 
 Provided enhanced sustainability information on our website and published our 2021 Sustainability Report, our first as Ecovyst, in June 2022; 
 Continued work towards our previously announced series of sustainability goals with respect to greenhouse gas emissions, waste management and reduction, product sustainability/R D investment and company certifications by 2025 and 2030; 
 Continued steps to implement additional improvements in a number of areas, including health, safety and environmental HSE performance; commitment to diversity, inclusion and human rights both within our company and in our supply chain; and ethical and lawful business practices; 
 Further integrated a corporate-wide sustainability software platform, which we are utilizing as an internal, real-time sustainability performance dashboard to enable improved analytics and greater visibility into our sustainability impacts; and 
 Achieved a 90 performance in our flagship HSE Perfect Days program, which targets at-risk behaviors and celebrates positive HSE performance across the organization on a daily basis. 
 The sections that follow provide some highlights of our environmental, social, and governance programs and procedures. 
 
 15 

Environmental Stewardship. Our products and technologies continue to address our customers sustainability challenges, tightening global regulatory standards and changing consumer preferences. In our Ecoservices segment, we provide sulfuric acid regeneration services that avoid significant landfill or deep well disposal. In our Catalyst Technologies segment, our zeolite catalysts are used for cleaner air applications and our silica catalysts are key for light weighting and plastics recycling. 
 As part of our sustainability commitment regarding our own operations, we apply the principles of the Environmental Management standard of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO 14001) at our facilities throughout the world. For chemical facilities in the United States, we also adhere to the Responsible Care RC14001 Technical Specifications of the American Chemistry Council ACC ). 
 We maintain policies and procedures to monitor and control health, safety, and environmental risks, and to enable compliance with applicable state, national, and international health, safety, and environmental requirements. We have comprehensive health, safety and environmental compliance, auditing and management programs in place to assist in our compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and with internal policies and procedures, as appropriate. Each Ecovyst facility has developed and implemented specific critical occupational health, safety, environmental, security and loss control programs. 
 We also have a strong HSE organization staffed by professionals who are responsible for environmental, safety, health and product regulatory compliance. Our HSE organizational structure features executive management level leadership, active oversight by our Board and dedicated environmental and safety experts on staff. We have a Global Director of Health, Safety and Process Safety Management and also have Regional HSE Specialists and Managers who are embedded in the field and provide HSE expertise and support to operating sites. Certain, larger sites may have dedicated environmental or safety personnel. 
 As an ACC Responsible Care member company, we continue to monitor and report our health, safety, and environmental metrics annually. Our sustainability metrics, including waste generation and water consumption for 2018 and 2019, were third party assured for the first time in 2020. In 2021, we reviewed our 2020 sustainability metrics and successfully underwent third party verification of this data as well. We included the assured 2020 data on our website and in our 2021 Sustainability Report, which we published in June 2022. The further information contained on our website is not incorporated herein by reference and is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We also have established a Product Safety and Product Stewardship management system that is compliant with the RC14001 technical specification and is supported by a highly skilled Product Stewardship Manager. We conduct Product Stewardship reviews as part of new product development and routinely evaluate product safety risk for raw materials, intermediates, and finished products. 
 
 16 

Social Responsibility, including human capital discussions. We seek to act in a socially responsible manner through our various HSE programs as described above, our commitment to building a diverse and inclusive workforce, engagement with and support for the communities where we live and work, and advancement of socially responsible business practices through partnerships and other industry frameworks. 
 We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all employees and applicants for employment, and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, age (40 or above), ancestry, genetic information, marital status, veteran status or any other classification protected by law. This commitment applies to all terms and conditions of employment including recruiting, hiring, placement, advancement, training, transfer, demotion, lay off and recall, termination, compensation and benefits. 
 It is our policy to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate in order to provide appropriate working conditions for our colleagues. This means that we comply with applicable laws regarding the employment relationship including those that (1) prohibit child labor, (2) set acceptable working conditions and working hours, (3) provide for fair wages, including minimum wages and overtime, (4) prohibit forced or bonded labor, (5) permit freedom of association and collective bargaining, and (6) prohibit discrimination, harassment and other forms of degrading or inhumane treatment. Using tools such as our Supplier Code of Conduct and contractual provisions, we also hold our business partners to these same standards. 
 Our flagship Success through People program furthers our strategy by acknowledging our workforce is key to our success. We offer highly competitive salaries, benefits, developmental opportunities and work/life balance. We proactively seek to attract, incentivize and retain a talented and motivated workforce. Our global succession planning process is designed to provide sufficient talented personnel to fill key leadership, innovation and manufacturing roles well into the future and to better prepare employees for their future at the Company. In order to enable a pipeline for our leadership, we maintain a robust Emerging Leaders program to identify and nurture top talent to build leadership capabilities and provide the fundamental skills we believe every leader needs to generate passion and productivity in their team. The program also provides an important networking opportunity that creates a connected community of leaders at the Company. 
 We review our compensation and benefits programs periodically to ensure continued competitiveness. In the US, our benefit program is designed to help protect the health and financial well-being of our full-time employees and their family members today, offering a choice of several medical dental plans, as well as vision, flexible spending accounts, short-term and long-term disability insurance and an employee assistance program. To help them prepare for their future, we offer a defined contribution savings plan, which includes company contributions. Benefits outside the US are designed to supplement government-provided programs in each country. 
 We actively promote diversity within the Company and seek to have a workforce that reflects the diversity of the societies in which we operate. 
 We benefit from our talented, dedicated and diverse employee population. As of December 31, 2022, we had 890 employees worldwide, of which 754 were employed in the United States and the remainder outside of the United States. Further, as of December 31, 2022, approximately 23 of our U.S.-based executives, managers and professionals were females and 21 were non-white males. Our rate of hiring veterans increased from 7 in 2021 to 11 in 2022, which is double the federal government s national veterans hiring benchmark for 2022. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 45 of our employees were represented by a union, works council or other employee representative body. We believe we have good relationships with our employees and their respective works councils, unions or other bargaining representatives. 
 This international strength, supported by our core values of integrity and fairness, fosters a rich culture founded on diversity of thought. We firmly believe that success is achieved through the intellect and commitment of our people, so we employ a long-term human capital program to attract, retain and develop talent for the future. We are proud of our highly collaborative teams that enable an inclusive workplace where employees are encouraged to bring their own experiences to promote innovation from all levels of the organization. This constructive work environment has been re-enforced with the recent implementation of a fully integrated on-line performance management process that improves the communication of aligned goals, encourages consistent feedback and furthers employee engagement. Today, there are women on the leadership teams of each of our businesses as well as in all our functions: R D, Finance, HSE and Human Resources. 
 17 

In 2022, our sites continued to work to have a positive impact in the communities in which we operate. For example, for the holidays (a) our office in The Woodlands, Texas donated blankets, popcorn, and Christmas candy to the Montgomery County Community Center; (b) our Houston, Texas plant personnel provided gifts to five neighborhood families during the holiday season and also held a dinner for community members at their Community Advisory Panel meeting; (c) our Hammond, Indiana plant conducted a toiletry drive for needy people; (d) our Baytown, Texas plant supported two local families with household supplies, food, and Christmas gifts and also had 11 employees volunteer at the Houston Food to prepare Backpack Buddy meals; (e) employees at our Baton Rouge facility adopted 20 Angels through the Salvation Army for the holiday season; (f) our Martinez, California facility held a holiday dinner for the Community Advisory Panel; (g) our Dominguez, California plant personnel donated 1,000 to a local Rotary Club to subsidize food items for local families; and (h) our Malvern, Pennsylvania office personnel participated in the Adopt a Child program sponsored by a local church to provide holiday gifts for children whose families would not otherwise be able to afford gifts . 
 Governance. We maintain and consistently reinforce within our organization a series of policies and practices designed to ensure that decisions made on behalf of our company are properly made and executed. Our governance programs and policies start with a strong tone at the top and are summarized in our Executive Statement on Ethics and Compliance, which has been issued by our CEO and our Chief Compliance Officer and distributed throughout the organization. 
 The principles set forth in the Executive Statement are codified in our Code of Conduct, which sets forth the legal and ethical standards to which our employees must adhere, including (a) acting with integrity, (b) avoiding actual or apparent conflicts of interest, (c) complying with the rules and regulations of federal, state, provincial, local governments, and other appropriate regulatory agencies, (d) complying with all rules and regulations prohibiting fraud, bribery, corrupt practices, anti-competitive activities and trading with embargoed persons and countries, (e) complying with all company policies and procedures, and (f) actively promoting ethical behavior in the workplace. We provide annual training on our Code of Conduct to all our global employees and have enhanced our delivery with online learning modules. 
 Our governance programs and policies can be found in the Company s Ethics section of the sustainability webpages, which is routinely updated and includes a description of our enterprise risk management program and our policies on child labor, human trafficking, anti-harassment, antibribery, and cyber security all of which are evaluated by third-parties, including EcoVadis. In addition, the investors pages of our website contain additional materials regarding our corporate governance process, including our Board committee charters, our corporate governance guidelines, our Code of Conduct, our Supplier Code of Conduct and other documents. 
 Additional Sustainability Information: Further information about our sustainability programs can be found on our website at https://www.ecovyst.com/sustainability/. The information available at our sustainability web site includes our inaugural sustainability report, our sustainability goals (and how such goals map to the UN Sustainable Development Goals), materiality matrix, letters of assurance, Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Disclosure and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index, our HSES Policy Statement, our Corporate Code of Conduct, our Human Rights Policy Statement, a description of our Ethics Compliance Complaint and Review Process and our Labor Policy. The further information contained on our website is not incorporated herein by reference and is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Environmental Regulations 
 We are subject to extensive, evolving and increasingly stringent national and local environmental laws and regulations, which address, among other things, the following: 
 emissions to the air; 
 discharges to soils and surface and subsurface waters; 
 other releases into the environment; 
 prevention and remediation of releases into the indoor or outdoor environment; 
 generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials; 
 maintenance of safe conditions in the workplace; 
 registration and evaluation of chemicals; 
 18 

production, handling, labeling or use of chemicals used or produced by us; and 
 stewardship of products after manufacture. 
 We apply the principles of the Environmental Management standard of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO 14001) at our facilities throughout the world. For chemical facilities in the United States, we also adhere to the Responsible Care RC14001 Technical Specifications of the American Chemistry Council. 
 We maintain policies and procedures to monitor and control health, safety, and environmental risks, and to monitor compliance with applicable state, national, and international health, safety, and environmental requirements. We have a strong health, safety, environmental organization. We maintain a staff of professionals who are responsible for environmental, safety, health and product regulatory compliance. We have implemented a corporate audit program for all of our facilities. However, we cannot provide assurance that we will be in full compliance at all times with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. We expect that stringent environmental regulations will continue to be imposed on us and our industry in general. Evolving chemical regulation programs throughout the world could impose testing requirements or restrictions on our chemical raw materials and products. 
 Environmental Remediation . Environmental laws and regulations require mitigation or remediation of the effects of the disposal or release of chemical substances. Under some of these regulations, as the current or former owner or operator of a property, we could be held liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous substances on or under the property, without regard to whether we knew of or caused the contamination, and regardless of whether the practices that resulted in the contamination were permitted at the time they occurred. Many of our current or former production sites have an extended history of industrial use, and it is impossible to predict precisely what effect these laws and regulations will have on us in the future. Soil and groundwater contamination requiring investigation and remediation has been discovered at some of the sites, and might occur or be discovered at other sites. Several active and former facilities currently are undergoing investigation and remediation, including sites in Dominguez, CA and Martinez, CA. 
 Environmental Programs . We have comprehensive health, safety and environmental compliance, auditing and management programs in place to assist in our compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and with internal policies and procedures, as appropriate. Each facility has developed and implemented specific critical occupational health, safety, environmental, security and loss control programs. 
 We also have implemented a HSE organizational structure with executive committee level leadership and dedicated environmental experts. We have a Global Director of Health, Safety and Process Safety Management as well as Regional HSE Specialists and Managers who are embedded in the field and provide HSE expertise and support to operating sites. Certain, larger sites may have dedicated environmental or safety personnel. 
 
 Product Safety and Product Stewardship 
 We have established a Product Safety and Product Stewardship management system that is compliant with the RC14001 technical specification and is supported by two highly skilled Product Stewardship Managers, one of which is a REACH Specialist. We conduct Product Stewardship reviews as part of new product development and routinely evaluate product safety risk for raw materials, intermediates, and products. 
 As a chemical company, we are subject to extensive and evolving regulations regarding the manufacturing, processing, distribution, importing, exporting, and labeling of our products and their raw materials. In the European Union, the REACH regulations came into effect in 2007, with implementation rolling out over time. Registered chemicals then can be subject to further evaluation and potential restrictions. Our high-volume chemicals have been registered under REACH; lower-volume chemicals (mainly catalysts) were registered by the applicable 2018 deadline. To date, no further testing has been required. 
 19 

Since the promulgation of REACH, other countries have enacted or are in the process of implementing similar comprehensive chemical regulations. These programs include the Korea REACH law, which is requiring registration and potential testing of chemicals, and similar programs under development in the UK, Taiwan, Turkey, India, and elsewhere. In the US, all pertinent chemicals have been designated as active under the US EPA Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. At this time, none have been designated as chemicals which the EPA will prioritize and evaluate for regulation. Based on our chemicals and the various regulations promulgated to date, we do not anticipate costly testing requirements nor severe restrictions, but cannot guarantee that we will not be subject to requirements for our products or raw materials that could materially affect our operations. In particular, some of our products might be characterized as nanomaterials and then be subject to evolving, new nanomaterial regulations. 
 We remain alert for any regulatory changes which may impact our products and their end uses. 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.ecovyst.com. We make available free of charge through our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), as well as reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC maintains an Internet website, http://www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding our Company and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this report or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. 
 Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Health, Safety and Environment Committee of our Board of Directors are also available on our website and are available in print to any shareholder upon request by writing to Ecovyst Investor Relations, 300 Lindenwood Drive, Malvern, PA 19355. In accordance with SEC rules, we intend to disclose any amendment (other than any technical, administrative or other non-substantive) to the Code of Business Conduct, or any waiver of any provision thereof with respect to any of our executive officers, on our website within four business days following such amendment or waiver. 
 20 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the following risks that we believe are the material risks that we face. The risks described below could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and should be read together and in conjunction with the forward-looking statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Item 7 of this Form 10-K, and our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business Operations 
 As a global business, we are exposed to local business risks in different countries, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We have operations in several countries, including manufacturing sites, research and development facilities, sales personnel and customer support operations. As of December 31, 2022, we operated ten manufacturing facilities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our foreign subsidiaries accounted for 6 of our sales. Our operations are affected directly and indirectly by global regulatory, economic, political and social conditions, including: 
 new and different legal and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions; 
 export duties or import quotas; 
 domestic and foreign customs and tariffs or other trade barriers, including the threat of escalating trade disputes that may result in higher tariffs; 
 potential difficulties in staffing and labor disputes; 
 potential difficulties in managing and obtaining support and distribution for local operations; 
 increased costs of, and availability of, raw materials, energy, transportation or shipping; 
 credit risk and financial condition of local customers and distributors; 
 potential difficulties in protecting intellectual property rights; 
 risk of nationalization of private enterprises by foreign governments; 
 potential imposition of restrictions on investments; 
 the imposition of withholding taxes or other taxes or royalties on our income, or the adoption of other restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls; 
 capital controls; 
 potential difficulties in obtaining and enforcing legal judgments in jurisdictions outside the United States; 
 potential difficulties in obtaining and enforcing relief in the United States against parties located outside the United States; 
 potential difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables; 
 risks relating to environmental, health and safety matters; 
 regional conflicts, such as the invasion of Ukraine by Russia; 
 risks relating to epidemics and pandemics, including effects caused by the spread of COVID-19 (coronavirus), variants thereof and other illnesses such as RSV and influenza; and 
 local political, economic and social conditions, including the possibility of hyperinflationary conditions and political instability in certain countries. 
 We may not be successful in developing and implementing policies and strategies to address the foregoing factors in a timely and effective manner at each location where we do business. Consequently, the occurrence of one or more of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our international operations or upon our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 21 

Our operations and financial results have been and may continue to be adversely affected by general economic conditions. 
 We sell catalysts and services that are used in manufacturing processes and as components of, or ingredients in, other products and, as a result, our sales are correlated with and affected by fluctuations in the level of industrial production and manufacturing output and by fluctuations in general economic activity. Demand for the products we manufacture often depends on trends in demand in the end uses our customers serve. General economic conditions and macroeconomic trends, including economic recessions and inflation, could affect overall demand for our products and any overall decline in such demand could significantly reduce our sales and profitability. In addition, volatility and disruption in financial markets could adversely affect our sales and results of operations by limiting our customers ability to obtain the financing necessary to maintain or expand their own operations. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated economic downturn affected our financial results during 2020, and the prolonged continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic and the possible spread of COVID-19 variants could result in a sustained or further economic downturn that may continue to affect our operations and financial results. 
 Unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets. For example, the global economy has experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity and market prices, including increasing energy prices, volatility in sulfur prices, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, supply chain interruptions, uncertainty about economic stability, record inflation globally, rising interest rates and the threat of recession. Unfavorable economic conditions could result in a variety of risks to our business, including demand and pricing for our products and difficulty in forecasting our financial results. A weak or declining economy also could strain our suppliers, possibly resulting in supply chain disruptions. In addition, inflation has increased our costs, which could impact our profitability. These and other economic factors could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 As a result of our international operations, for the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated 6 of our sales and associated expenses in currencies other than U.S. dollars. We incur currency transaction risk whenever we enter into either a purchase or sale transaction using a currency other than the local currency of the transacting entity. The main currencies to which we are exposed, besides the U.S. dollar, are the Euro and the British pound. The exchange rates between these currencies and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated significantly in recent years and may continue to do so in the future. In many cases, we sell exclusively in those jurisdictions and do not have the ability to mitigate our exposure to currency fluctuations through our operations. Accordingly, to the extent that we are unable to match sales made in such foreign currencies with costs paid in the same currency, exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In the past, we have experienced economic loss and a negative impact on earnings as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and any future fluctuations may have similar impacts. We expect that the amount of our sales denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies may increase in future periods. Given the volatility of exchange rates, there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage our currency transaction risks or that any volatility in currency exchange rates will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Additionally, because our consolidated financial results are reported in U.S dollars, the translation of sales or earnings generated in other currencies into U.S. dollars can result in a significant increase or decrease in the amount of those sales or earnings in our financial statements, which also affects the comparability of our results of operations and cash flows between financial periods. 
 Our international operations require us to comply with anti-corruption laws, economic sanctions, export controls and similar laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various international jurisdictions in which we do business. 
 Doing business on a worldwide basis requires us and our subsidiaries to comply with the laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various international jurisdictions, and our failure to successfully comply with these laws and regulations may restrict our operations, trade practices, investment decisions and partnering activities and may expose us to liabilities. Such laws and regulations apply to companies, individual directors, officers, employees and agents. 
 22 

In particular, our international operations are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act. For example, the FCPA prohibits us from providing anything of value to foreign officials for the purposes of influencing official decisions or obtaining or retaining business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment, and requires us to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately reflect our transactions. As part of our business, we may deal with state-owned business enterprises, the employees and representatives of which may be considered foreign officials for purposes of the FCPA. In addition, some of the international locations into which we sell our products lack a developed legal system and have elevated levels of corruption. As a result, we are exposed to corruption-related risk. 
 In addition, we are subject to applicable economic sanctions, export controls, and similar laws and regulations imposed by the U.S. government and other countries. These laws and regulations may restrict our business practices, or the counterparties or regions with which we can trade. In addition, these laws and regulations are subject to frequent change, and such changes may require us to adjust our business practices, including by ceasing business activities in newly sanctioned countries or regions or with newly sanctioned entities or individuals, or to modify our compliance program. For example, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the related sanctions, export controls or other actions that have been or may be initiated by nations including the U.S., the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Russia could disrupt or otherwise adversely impact our customers in those countries, as well as adversely impact our business or our supply chain, business partners or customers in other countries beyond Ukraine and Russia. Further, violations of these legal requirements are punishable by criminal fines and imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, injunctions, debarment from government contracts, loss of export privileges and other remedial measures. 
 We have established policies and procedures designed to assist us and our personnel in complying with applicable U.S. and international laws and regulations. These policies and procedures are codified in our Code of Conduct and other various policies. However, there can be no assurance that our policies and procedures will effectively prevent us from violating these laws and regulations in every transaction in which we may engage, and such a violation could subject us to governmental investigations and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Alternative technology or other changes in our customers products may reduce or eliminate the need for certain of our products. 
 Many of the products that we sell are used in manufacturing processes and/or to produce other products and, as a result, changes in our customers end products or processes or alternative technologies may enable our customers to reduce or eliminate consumption or use of our products. Additionally, shifting consumer preference could result in a significant reduction in the future use of fossil fuels, which would have a negative impact on our zeolite catalysts and Ecoservices businesses. If we are unable to respond appropriately to such new developments, such changes could seriously impair our ability to profitably market certain of our products. 
 Our new product development and research and development efforts may not succeed and our competitors may develop more effective or successful products. 
 The industries in which we operate are subject to periodic technological changes and ongoing product improvements. In order to maintain our margins and remain competitive, we must successfully develop, manufacture and market new or improved products. As a result, we must commit substantial resources each year to new product research and development. Ongoing investments in new product research and development could result in higher costs without a proportional increase in revenues. Additionally, for any new product program, there is a risk of technical or market failure, in which case we may need to commit additional resources to the program and may not be able to develop the new products needed to maintain our competitive position. Moreover, new products may have lower margins than the products they replace or may not successfully attract end users. 
 We also expect competition to increase as our competitors develop and introduce new and enhanced products. As such products are introduced, our products may become obsolete or our competitors products may be marketed more effectively. If we fail to develop new products, maintain or improve our margins with our new products or keep pace with technological developments, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will suffer. 
 
 23 

If we are unable to pass on increases in raw material prices, including natural gas, to our customers or to retain or replace our key suppliers, our results of operations and cash flows may be negatively affected. 
 We purchase significant amounts of raw materials, including precursor products in our Catalyst Technologies business and sulfur in our Ecoservices business, and we purchase significant amounts of natural gas to supply the energy required in our production process. The cost of these raw materials represents a substantial portion of our operating expenses and our results of operations have been, and could in the future be, significantly affected by increases in the costs of such raw materials. In addition, we obtain a significant portion of our raw materials from certain key suppliers. If any of those suppliers is unable to meet its obligations under current supply agreements, we may be forced to pay higher prices to obtain the necessary raw materials. Furthermore, if any of the raw materials that we use become unavailable within the geographic area from which we currently source them, we may not be able to obtain suitable and cost-effective substitutes. Any interruption of supply or any price increase of raw materials could adversely affect our profitability. 
 While we attempt to match raw material price increases with corresponding product price increases, our ability to pass on increases in the cost of raw materials to our customers is, to a large extent, dependent upon our contractual arrangements and market conditions. There may be periods of time during which we are not able to recover increases in the cost of raw materials due to our contractual arrangements or weakness in demand for, or oversupply of, our products. Specifically, timing differences between price adjustments of raw materials and adjustments to our product prices, which in many cases are adjusted quarterly or less often, have had and may continue to have a negative effect on our profitability. Even in periods during which raw material prices decline, we may suffer decreasing profits if customers seek relief in the form of lower sales prices or if the raw material price reductions occur at a slower rate than decreases in the selling prices of our products. Such volatility can result in commercial disputes with customers and suppliers with respect to interpretations of complex contractual arrangements, the adverse resolution of which could reduce our profitability. 
 In the past, we have entered into long-term supply contracts for certain of our raw materials. As these contracts expire, we may not be able to renegotiate or enter into new long-term supply contracts that will offer similar protection from price increases and other fluctuations on terms that are satisfactory to us or at all. 
 We face substantial competition in the industries in which we operate. 
 Our Catalyst Technologies segment primarily competes with other global producers in the petrochemicals and refining industries such as Grace, BASF, UOP, and Albemarle, as well as other niche competitors such as Tosoh, Axens, and Haldor Topsoe. In our Ecoservices segment, we compete in the North American refining services industry with competitors such as Chemtrade and Veolia. We believe that we typically compete on the basis of performance, product consistency, quality, reliability, and ability to innovate in response to customer demands. 
 Our competitors may improve their competitive position in our core end use applications by successfully introducing new products, improving their manufacturing processes, expanding their capacity or manufacturing facilities or responding more effectively than we do to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. Some of our competitors may be able to lower prices for products that compete with our products if their costs are lower. In addition, consolidation among our competitors or customers may result in reduced demand for our products or make it more difficult for us to compete. Some of our competitors financial, technological and other resources may be greater than ours or they may have less debt than we do and, as a result, may be better able to withstand changes to industry conditions. The occurrence of any of these events could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to the risk of loss resulting from non-payment or non-performance by our customers. 
 Our credit procedures and policies may not be adequate to minimize or mitigate customer credit risk. Our customers may experience financial difficulties, including bankruptcies, restructurings and liquidations. These and other financial problems our customers may experience, as well as potential financial weakness in the industries in which we operate or general economic conditions, may increase our risk in extending trade credit to customers. A significant adverse change in a customer s financial position could cause us to limit or discontinue business with such customer, require us to assume more credit risk relating to such customer s receivables or limit our ability to collect accounts receivable from such customer, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 24 

We rely on a limited number of customers for a meaningful portion of our business. A loss of one or more of these customers could adversely impact our profitability. 
 A loss of any significant customer, including a pipeline customer, or a decrease in the provision of products to any significant customer could have an adverse effect on our business until alternative arrangements are secured. Any alternative arrangement to replace the loss of a customer could result in increased variable costs relating to product shipment. In addition, any new customer agreement we enter into may not have terms as favorable as those contained in our current customer agreements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our top ten customers represented approximately 58 of our sales (including our proportionate 50 share of sales attributable to the Zeolyst JV) and one single customer represented 13 or 103.3 million of our sales in both Ecoservices and Catalyst Technologies. 
 Refineries, which represent a sizable subset of our Ecoservices segment customer base, have undergone significant consolidation and additional consolidation is possible in the future. Such consolidation could further increase our reliance on a small number of customers and further increase our customers leverage over us, resulting in downward pressure on prices and an adverse effect on our profitability. 
 Multi-year customer contracts in our Ecoservices segment are subject to potential early termination and such contracts may not be renewed at the end of their respective terms. 
 Many of the customer contracts in our Ecoservices segment are multi-year agreements. Sulfuric acid regeneration customer contracts are typically on five- to ten-year terms and virgin sulfuric acid customer contracts are typically on one- to five-year terms, with larger customers typically favoring longer terms. Excluding contracts with automatic evergreen provisions, approximately 30 of our sulfuric acid volume for the year ended December 31, 2022 was under contracts expiring at the end of 2023 or beyond. In addition, our sulfuric acid regeneration contracts with major refinery customers typically allow for termination with advance notice of one to two years. We cannot provide assurance that our existing contracts will not be subjected to early terminations or that our expiring contracts will be renewed at the end of their terms. If we receive a significant number of such contract terminations or experience non-renewals from key customers in our Ecoservices segment, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our quarterly results of operations are subject to fluctuations because the demand for some of our products is seasonal. 
 Our Ecoservices segment typically experiences seasonal fluctuations as a result of higher demand for gasoline products in the summer months. Because of the seasonality of some of our product groups, the results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for any other quarter or for the full year. 
 Our growth projects may result in significant expenditures before generating revenues, if any, which may materially and adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 We have made and continue to make significant investments in each of our businesses. These projects require us to commit significant capital to, among other things, implement engineering plans and obtain the necessary permits before we generate revenues related to our investments in these businesses. Such projects may take longer to complete or require additional unanticipated expenditures and may never generate profits. If we fail to recover our investment, or these projects never become profitable, our ability to implement our business strategy may be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may be liable for damages based on product liability claims brought against us or our customers for costs associated with recalls of our or our customers products. 
 Even though we are generally a materials and services supplier rather than a manufacturer of finished goods, the sale of our products involves the risk of product liability claims and voluntary or government-ordered product recalls. For example, certain of the products that we manufacture are used in chemical manufacturing process in our customers manufacturing operations and are used in and around other chemical manufacturing facilities and other locations where personal injury or property damage may occur. While we attempt to protect ourselves from product liability claims and exposures through our adherence to standards and specifications, quality control and assurance and through contractual negotiations and provisions, there can be no assurance that our efforts will ultimately protect us from such claims. A product liability claim or voluntary or government-ordered product recall could result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, affect customer confidence in our products and divert management s attention from other responsibilities. 
 25 

A product recall or successful product liability claim or series of claims against us in excess of our insurance coverage and for which we are not otherwise indemnified could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We have product liability insurance in amounts that we believe are adequate to cover this product liability risk. However, our insurance may not provide adequate coverage against all potential liabilities, including product recall liabilities. If a claim is brought against us, we might be required to pay legal and other expenses to defend the claim, as well as pay uncovered damage awards resulting from a claim brought successfully against us and these damages could be significant and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Furthermore, whether or not we are ultimately successful in defending any such claims, we might be required to direct significant financial and managerial resources to such defense and adverse publicity is likely to result. 
 We are required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations, and are subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign agencies, and our failure to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We compete in industries in which we and our customers are subject to federal, state, local, international and transnational laws and regulations. Such laws and regulations are numerous and sometimes conflicting, and any future changes to such laws and regulations could adversely affect us. 
 In order to obtain regulatory approval for certain of our new products, we must, among other things, demonstrate to the relevant authority that the product is safe and effective for its intended uses and that we are capable of manufacturing the product in accordance with current regulations. The process of seeking approvals can be costly, time-consuming and subject to unanticipated and significant delays. Any delay in obtaining, or any failure to obtain or maintain, these approvals would adversely affect our ability to introduce new products and to generate sales from those products, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Our products, including the raw materials we handle, are subject to rigorous chemical registration and industrial hygiene regulations and investigation. There is risk that a key raw material, chemical or substance, or one of the end products of which our products are a part, may be recharacterized as having a toxicological or health-related impact on the environment, our customers or our employees. Industrial hygiene regulations are continually strengthened and if such recharacterization occurs, the relevant raw material, chemical or product may be banned or we may incur increased costs in order to comply with new requirements. Changes in industrial hygiene regulations also affect the marketability of certain of our products, and future regulatory changes may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 New laws and regulations, and changes in existing laws and regulations, may become effective in the future and could prevent or inhibit the development, distribution and sale of our products, including, but not limited to, the imposition of additional compliance costs, seizures, confiscation, recall or monetary fines. For example, as discussed in more detail in Business-Environmental Regulations and Business-Chemical Product Regulation, we may be materially impacted by regulatory initiatives worldwide with respect to chemical product safety such as the 2016 amendments to the U.S. Toxic Substances Control Act, the E.U. regulation Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals REACH ), and/or similar regulations being enacted in other countries (e.g., China REACH; Korea REACH). Additionally, the current U.S. administration may seek to tighten current environmental standards and regulations, including, but not limited to, the Corporate Average Fuel Economy standards, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales into the clean fuels, emission control and other industries. 
 We are subject to extensive environmental, health and safety regulations and face various risks associated with potential non-compliance or releases of hazardous materials. 
 Like other chemical companies, our operations and properties are subject to extensive and stringent federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations. U.S. federal environmental laws that affect us include the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA ), the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA ). These laws govern, among other things, emissions to the air, discharges or releases of hazardous substances to land, surface, subsurface strata and water, wastewater discharges and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment, disposal and remediation of hazardous materials and petroleum products. We are also subject to other federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations regarding chemical and product safety as well as employee health and safety matters, including process safety requirements. These laws and regulations may become more stringent over time and the failure to comply with such laws and regulations can result in significant fines or penalties. 
 26 

We have in the past been and currently are the subject of investigations and enforcement actions pursuant to environmental laws, including the Clean Air Act. Some of these matters were resolved through the payment of significant monetary penalties and a requirement to implement corrective actions at our facilities. For instance, we remain subject to a 2007 Consent Decree that resolves certain alleged Clean Air Act violations at six Ecoservices operating locations involving New Source Review, Prevention of Significant Deterioration and New Source Performance Standard obligations under the U.S. federal rules for the pollutants sulfur dioxide and sulfuric acid mist. The Consent Decree required Solvay (the owner at the time) to pay a 2 million penalty and spend approximately 34 million on air pollution controls at our facilities, the majority of which was received from customers in contractual arrangements. Work under the Consent Decree has proceeded since 2007, and all of the significant capital improvements related to the Consent Decree have been completed. Three of our operating locations have been released from the scope of the Consent Decree and we are seeking release of the other locations covered by the Consent Decree; however, an agreement has been reached on language with all agencies pending issuance of New Source Review permit amendments at the remaining sites. 
 We are required by these environmental laws and regulations to obtain registrations, licenses, permits and other approvals in order to operate, to make disclosures to public authorities about our chemical handling and usage activities and to install expensive pollution control and spill containment equipment at our facilities, or to incur other capital expenditures aimed at achieving or maintaining compliance with such laws and regulations. We are in the process of completing a substantial environmentally-driven capital improvement project in 2023 and failure to complete this project or to timely identify and implement other capital projects required to achieve or maintain compliance could expose us to enforcement and penalty. 
 Under CERCLA and analogous statutes in local and foreign jurisdictions, current and former owners and operators of land impacted by releases of hazardous substances are strictly liable for the investigation and remediation of the contamination resulting from the release. Liability under CERCLA and analogous laws is strict, unlimited, joint, several and retroactive, may be imposed regardless of fault and may relate to historical activities or contamination not caused by the affected property s current owner or operator. We could be held responsible for all cleanup costs at a site, whether currently or formerly owned or operated, regardless of fault, knowledge, timing or cause of the contamination. Further, under CERCLA and analogous laws, we may be jointly and severally liable for contamination at third party sites where we or our predecessors in interest have sent waste for treatment or disposal, even if we complied with applicable laws. In addition, we may face liability for personal injury, property damage and natural resource damage resulting from environmental conditions attributable to hazardous substance releases at or from facilities we currently own or operate or formerly owned or operated or to which we sent waste. As such, a product spill or emission at one of our facilities or otherwise resulting from our operations could have adverse consequences on the environment and surrounding community and could result in significant liabilities with respect to investigation and remediation. 
 Our facilities have an extended history of industrial use, and soil and groundwater contamination exists at some of our sites. As of December 31, 2022, we had current remediation, monitoring and/or maintenance obligations at several of our current or former sites, including Dominguez, California and Martinez, California. As of December 31, 2022, we had established reserves of approximately 0.4 million to cover anticipated expenses at these sites, all of which have reached relatively mature stages of either the investigation, remediation or monitoring process. Actual costs to complete these projects may exceed our current estimates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total reserves associated with environmental remediation and enforcement matters were 0.4 million. In addition to the ongoing remediation and monitoring activities discussed above, there is risk that the long-term industrial use at our facilities may have resulted in, or may in the future result in, contamination that has yet to be discovered, which could require additional, unplanned investigation and remediation efforts by us for which no reserves have been established, potentially without regard to whether we knew of, or caused, the release of such contaminants. Discovery of additional or unknown conditions at our facilities could have an adverse impact on our business by substantially increasing our capital expenditures, including compliance, investigation and remediation costs. Such environmental liabilities attached to our properties, or for properties that we are otherwise responsible for, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 27 

Existing and proposed regulations to address climate change by limiting greenhouse gas emissions may cause us to incur significant additional operating and capital expenses and may impact our business and results of operations. 
 Certain of our operations result in emissions of greenhouse gases GHGs ), such as carbon dioxide. Growing concern about the sources and impacts of global climate change has led to a number of domestic and foreign legislative and administrative measures, both proposed and enacted, to monitor, regulate and limit carbon dioxide and other GHG emissions. In the European Union, our emissions are regulated under the E.U. Emissions Trading System (the E.U. ETS ), an E.U.-wide trading scheme for industrial GHG emissions. The E.U. ETS is anticipated to become progressively more stringent over time, including by reducing the number of allowances to emit GHGs that E.U. member states will allocate without charge to industrial facilities. In the United States, the EPA has promulgated federal GHG regulations under the Clean Air Act that affect certain sources. For example, the EPA has issued mandatory GHG reporting requirements, under which our Dominguez, California and Baton Rouge, Louisiana facilities currently report. Moreover, California has enacted the Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006 Assembly Bill 32 ), a law that establishes a comprehensive program to reduce GHG emissions from all sources throughout the state and contains reporting requirements under which our Dominguez and Martinez facilities currently report. Our Dominguez facility also participates in the emissions trading market established under Assembly Bill 32. Although we believe it is likely that GHG emissions will continue to be regulated in at least some regions of the United States and in other countries (in addition to the European Union) in the future, we cannot yet predict the form such regulation will take (such as a cap-and-trade program, technology mandate, emissions tax or other regulatory mechanism) or, consequently, estimate the costs that we may be required to incur in respect of such requirements, which could, for example, require that we install emission control equipment, purchase emissions allowances, administer and manage our GHG emissions program or address other regulatory obligations. Such requirements could also adversely affect our energy supply or the costs and types of raw materials that we use for fuel. Accordingly, regulations controlling or limiting GHG emissions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, including by reducing demand for our products. 
 Sustainability initiatives may result in operational changes and expenditures, reduced demand for our products and adversely affect our business. 
 We recognize that sustainability is a growing global environmental concern. Continuing political and social attention to the issue of sustainability has resulted in both existing and pending international agreements and national, regional or local legislation and regulatory measures to increase sustainability. As a result of heightened public awareness and attention to the issue of sustainability as well as continued regulatory initiatives, demand for certain of our products may be reduced, which may have an adverse effect on our sales volumes, revenues and margins. 
 Production and distribution of our products could be disrupted for a variety of reasons, and such disruptions could expose us to significant losses or liabilities. 
 Certain of the hazards and risks associated with our manufacturing processes and the related storage and transportation of raw materials, products and wastes may disrupt production at our manufacturing facilities and the distribution of products to our customers. These potentially disruptive risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 pipeline and storage tank leaks and ruptures; 
 explosions and fires; 
 inclement weather and natural disasters; 
 terrorist attacks; 
 failure of mechanical, process safety and pollution control equipment; 
 chemical spills and other discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases; 
 epidemics and pandemics, including effects caused by the spread of COVID-19 (coronavirus) and variants thereof; and 
 exposure to toxic chemicals. 
 These hazards could expose employees, customers, the community and others to toxic chemicals and other hazards, contaminate the environment, damage property, result in personal injury or death, lead to an interruption or suspension of operations, damage our reputation and adversely affect the productivity and profitability of a particular manufacturing 
 28 

facility or our business as a whole. Such hazards could also result in the need for remediation, governmental enforcement, regulatory shutdowns, the imposition of government fines and penalties and claims brought by governmental entities or third parties. Legal claims and regulatory actions could subject us to both civil and criminal penalties, which could affect our product sales, reputation and profitability. 
 If disruptions at our manufacturing facilities or in our distribution channels occur, alternative options with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more or may require significant time to start production or distribution. Any of these scenarios could negatively affect our business and financial performance. If one of our manufacturing facilities or distribution channels is unable to produce or distribute our products for an extended period of time, our sales may be reduced by the shortfall caused by the disruption and we may not be able to meet our customers needs, which could cause them to seek other suppliers. Furthermore, to the extent a production disruption occurs at a manufacturing facility that has been operating at or near full capacity, the resulting shortage of our product could be particularly harmful because production at the manufacturing facility may not be able to reach levels achieved prior to the disruption. Such risks are heightened in our Ecoservices segment, which has operations and customers primarily located in the Gulf Coast, which is susceptible to a heightened risk of hurricanes, and Northern California, which is susceptible to a heightened risk of earthquakes. For example, in December 2022, the operations of our Ecoservices Houston and Hammond facilities were disrupted by Winter Storm Elliot. We are still in the process of analyzing the impact on earnings as a result of this operational interruption. 
 The insurance that we maintain may not fully cover all potential exposures. 
 We maintain property, business interruption, casualty and other types of insurance, but such insurance may not cover all risks associated with the operation of our business or our manufacturing process and the related use, storage and transportation of raw materials, products and wastes in or from our manufacturing sites or distribution centers. While we have purchased what we deem to be adequate limits of coverage and broadly worded policies, our coverage is subject to exclusions and limitations, including higher self-insured retentions or deductibles and maximum limits and liabilities covered. Notwithstanding diligent efforts to successfully procure specialty coverage for environmental liability and remediation, we may incur losses beyond the limits or outside the terms of coverage of our insurance policies, including liabilities for environmental remediation. In addition, from time to time, various types of insurance for companies in the industries in which we operate have not been available on commercially acceptable terms or, in some cases, at all. We are potentially at additional risk if one or more of our insurance carriers fail. Additionally, severe disruptions in the domestic and global financial markets could adversely impact the ratings and survival of some insurers. Future downgrades in the ratings of enough insurers could adversely impact both the availability of appropriate insurance coverage and its cost. In the future, we may not be able to obtain coverage at current levels, if at all, and our premiums may increase significantly on coverage that we maintain. 
 We could be subject to damages based on claims brought against us by our customers or lose customers as a result of the failure of our products to meet certain quality specifications. 
 If a product fails to perform in a manner consistent with quality specifications, or has a shorter useful life than that which was guaranteed, a customer could seek replacement of the product or damages for costs incurred as a result of the product failing to perform as guaranteed. A successful claim or series of claims against us could cause reputational harm and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could result in a loss of one or more customers. 
 We may engage in strategic acquisitions or dispositions of certain assets or businesses that could affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 We may selectively pursue complementary acquisitions, such as the Chem32 acquisition, and joint ventures, such as the Zeolyst Joint Venture, each of which inherently involves a number of risks and presents financial, managerial and operational challenges, including: 
 potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; 
 difficulty with integration of personnel and financial and other systems; 
 hiring additional management and other critical personnel; and 
 increasing the scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations. 
 29 

In addition, we may encounter unforeseen obstacles or costs in the integration of acquired businesses. For example, the presence of one or more material liabilities of an acquired company that are unknown to us at the time of acquisition may have a material adverse effect on our business. Our acquisition and joint venture strategy may not be received positively by customers, and we may not realize any anticipated benefits from acquisitions or joint ventures. 
 We may also opportunistically pursue dispositions of certain assets and businesses, which may involve material amounts of assets or lines of business, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. If any such dispositions were to occur, under the terms of the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness, we may be required to apply the proceeds of the sale to repay such indebtedness. 
 In addition, our strategic acquisitions and dispositions may also affect the diversity of our assets and our capital structure. As a result, our acquisitions and dispositions could affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Further, all the risks associated with our acquisitions and dispositions may not be immediately known to us, and the anticipated benefits of such acquisition or disposition may not be fully realized. 
 On December 14, 2020, we completed the sale of our Performance Materials business to Potters Buyer, LLC, an affiliate of The Jordan Company, L.P., for a purchase price of 650.0 million, which was subject to certain adjustments for indebtedness, working capital, and cash at the closing of the transaction. 
 Effective on August 1, 2021, we completed the sale of our Performance Chemicals business to Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. and Koch Mineral Trading LLC for a purchase price of 1.1 billion, which was subject to certain adjustments including for indebtedness, cash, working capital and transaction expenses at the closing of the transaction. 
 Our joint ventures may not operate according to their business plans if our partners fail to fulfill their obligations or differences in views among our partners results in delayed decisions or failures to agree on major issues, which may adversely affect our results of operations and force us to dedicate additional resources to these joint ventures. 
 We currently participate in a joint venture relating to the Zeolyst International business and may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. The nature of a joint venture requires us to share control with unaffiliated third parties and we sometimes have joint and several liability with our joint venture partners. If our joint venture partners do not fulfill their obligations, or if differences in views among the joint venture participants results in delayed decisions or failures to agree on major issues, the affected joint venture may not be able to operate according to its business plan. For example, the Zeolyst Joint Venture is structured as a general partnership in which we are equal partners with Shell Catalysts Technologies, an affiliate of Royal Dutch Shell plc. or Shell . Accordingly, we do not control the Zeolyst Joint Venture and cannot unilaterally undertake strategies, plans, goals and operations or determine when cash distributions will be made to us. Furthermore, we are liable on a joint and several basis with Shell for all of the partnership s liabilities if it does not have sufficient assets to satisfy such liabilities. Such factors may adversely affect our results of operation and force us to dedicate additional and unexpected resources to our joint ventures. 
 Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our future performance and growth. 
 Protection of our proprietary processes, methods, compounds and other technologies is important to our business. We depend upon our ability to develop and protect our intellectual property rights to distinguish our products from those of our competitors. Failure to protect our existing intellectual property rights may allow our competitors to copy our products and may result in the loss of valuable proprietary technologies or other intellectual property. Failure to protect our innovations and trademarks by securing intellectual property rights could also result in our having to pay other companies for infringing on their intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of patent, trade secret, trademark and copyright law as well as regulatory and judicial enforcement to protect such technologies and trademarks. In addition, the laws of many foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 20 patented inventions in the United States, with 197 patents issued in countries around the world and 40 patent applications pending worldwide covering such inventions. Some of these patents are licensed to others. In addition, we have acquired certain rights under patents and inventions of others through licenses. Should any of these licenses granted to us by third parties terminate prior to the expiration of the licensed intellectual property, we would need to cease using the licensed intellectual property, and either develop or license alternative technologies. In such a case, there can be no assurance that alternative technologies exist or that we would be able to obtain such a license on favorable terms. 
 
 30 

Competitors and third parties may infringe on our patents or violate our intellectual property rights. Defending and enforcing our intellectual property rights can involve litigation and can be expensive and time consuming. Such proceedings could put our patents at risk of being invalidated and confidential information may be disclosed through the discovery process; these costs and diversion of resources could harm our business. 
 We cannot provide any assurances that any of our pending applications will mature into issued patents, or that any patents that have issued or may issue in the future do or will include claims with a scope sufficient to provide any competitive advantage. Patents involve complex legal and factual questions and, therefore, the issuance, scope, validity and enforceability of any patent claims we have or may obtain cannot be predicted with certainty. Patents may be challenged, deemed unenforceable, invalidated or circumvented. Patents may be challenged in the courts, as well as in various administrative proceedings before the United States Patent and Trademark Office or foreign patent offices. We are currently and may in the future be a party to various adversarial patent office proceedings involving our patents or the patents of third parties. Such challenges can result in some or all of the claims of the challenged patent being invalidated, deemed unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly which, in the case of challenges to our own patents, may be adverse to our interests. Accordingly, the issuance of patents is not conclusive of the validity, scope, or enforceability of such patents. Moreover, even if valid and enforceable, competitors may be able to design around our patents or use pre-existing technologies to compete with us. 
 We also rely upon unpatented proprietary know-how, continuing technological innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position, which may not provide us with complete protection against competitors. Misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of our proprietary know-how could harm our competitive position or have an adverse effect on our business. While it is our policy to enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties to protect our intellectual property rights and we strive to maintain the physical security of our properties and the security of our IT systems, there can be no assurances that: 
 our confidentiality agreements will not be breached; 
 our security measures will not be breached; 
 such agreements will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or proprietary know-how; or 
 adequate remedies will be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of such trade secrets and know-how. 
 In addition, there can be no assurances that others will not obtain knowledge of these trade secrets through independent development or other access by legal means. 
 Measures taken by us to protect these assets and rights may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or proprietary manufacturing expertise and adequate remedies may not be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or manufacturing expertise. In addition, as noted above, our patents and other intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or rendered unenforceable. 
 Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that any pending patent or trademark application filed by us will result in an issued patent or registered trademark or, if patents are issued to us, that those patents will provide meaningful protection against competitors or against competitive technologies. The failure of our patents or other measures to protect our processes, apparatuses, technology, trade secrets and proprietary manufacturing expertise, methods and compounds or trademarks and provide us with freedom to exclude competition could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Business-Intellectual Property. 
 Our products may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may cause us to incur unexpected costs or prevent us from selling our products. 
 Our industry is characterized by vigilant pursuit of intellectual property rights, particularly with respect to our silica catalysts and zeolite catalysts product groups. Like us, our competitors rely on intellectual property rights to maintain profitability and competitiveness. As the number of products and competitors has increased, the likelihood of intellectual property disputes has risen. Although it is our policy and intention not to infringe valid patents of which we are aware, our processes, apparatuses, technology, proprietary manufacturing expertise, methods, compounds and products may infringe on issued patents or infringe or misappropriate other intellectual property rights of others. Accordingly, we continually monitor third-party intellectual property to confirm our freedom to operate. Nevertheless, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of our business, including claims of alleged infringement of the patents or trademarks or infringement or misappropriation of other intellectual property rights of third parties by us or 
 31 

our licensees in connection with their use of our products. Intellectual property litigation is expensive and time-consuming, regardless of the merits of any claim, and could divert the attention of our management and technical personnel away from operating our business. If we were to discover that our processes, apparatuses, technology, products or trademarks infringe the valid intellectual property rights of others, we might need to obtain licenses from these parties or substantially reengineer or rebrand our products in order to avoid infringement. We may not be able to obtain the necessary licenses on acceptable terms, or at all, or be able to reengineer our products successfully or at an acceptable cost. Moreover, if we are sued for infringement and lose the suit, we could be required to pay substantial damages and/or be enjoined from using or selling the infringing products or technology or using the infringing trademark. Additionally or alternatively, we may seek to challenge third-party patents in administrative proceedings before the United States patent office or one or more foreign patent offices. Any of the foregoing could cause us to incur significant costs and prevent us from selling our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Even if we ultimately prevail, the existence of lawsuits could prompt our customers to switch to alternative products. In addition, we have agreed, and will continue to agree, to indemnify certain customers for certain intellectual property infringement claims related to intellectual property relating to our products and the manufacture thereof. Should there be infringement claims against our licensees, we could be required to indemnify them for losses resulting from such claims or to refund amounts they have paid to us. 
 Disruption, failure or cyber security breaches affecting or targeting computers and infrastructure used by us or our business partners may adversely impact our business and operations. 
 We use computers and telecommunication systems to analyze and store financial and operating data and to communicate within our company, with outside business partners, and across international borders. These systems can be subject to technical system flaws; power loss; cyber attacks, including viruses, malware, phishing, ransomware, terrorism, and surveillance; unauthorized access; malicious software; intentional or inadvertent data privacy breaches by employees or others with authorized access; hacktivism; ransomware; physical or electronic break-ins; fires or natural disasters; supply chain attacks; and other cyber security issues. We have no assurance that our systems are appropriately redundant to withstand these events. Accordingly, such events could cause adverse effects and material disruptions to our operations or systems or those of our business partners; compromise the security, integrity, availability, and confidentiality of customer information, employee information, strategic projects, product formulas and other trade secrets, other business or personal sensitive data, including third party confidential information in our possession. Release of third party confidential information could materially harm our reputation, affect our relationships with such parties and expose us to liability. Although we have introduced many security measures, including firewalls and information technology security policies, these measures may not offer the appropriate level of security. A security breach or other compromise of our information security safeguards could expose our confidential information, including third party confidential information in our possession (such as customer information) to theft and misuse, which could in turn adversely affect our relationships with such third parties and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, a disruption, blockage, failure or a cyber breach of software or operating systems we use, or of the networks and infrastructure on which they rely, could damage critical production, distribution and/or storage assets, delay or prevent delivery to markets, and make it difficult or impossible to accurately account for production and settle transactions. 
 These impacts may adversely affect our relationships with such employees and third parties and may have an adverse effect on our business reputation, competitiveness, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including damage to our operations, employees, or other third parties, resulting in remediation costs, litigation or regulatory actions. Although we have introduced many security measures, including firewalls and information technology security policies, these measures may not offer the appropriate level of security. We routinely experience attempts by external parties to penetrate and attack our networks and systems. Although such attempts to date have not resulted in any material breaches, disruptions, financial loss, or loss of business-critical information, our systems and procedures for protecting against such attacks and mitigating such risks may prove to be insufficient in the future. As technologies evolve and these cyber security attacks become more sophisticated, we may incur significant costs to upgrade or enhance our security measures to protect against such attacks, and we may face difficulties in fully anticipating or implementing adequate preventive measures or mitigating potential harm. 

32 

Risks Related to our Financial Condition 
 The non-GAAP financial information included in this Form 10-K is presented for informational purposes only and may not be an indication of our financial condition or results of operations in the future . 
 The non-GAAP financial information included in this Form 10-K includes information that we use to evaluate our past performance, but should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to measures of our performance determined under GAAP. 
 Because our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries and joint ventures, we are dependent on the receipt of distributions and dividends or other payments from our subsidiaries and joint ventures for cash to fund our operations and expenses, including to make future dividend payments, if any. 
 Our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries and joint ventures. As a result, our ability to make future dividend payments, if any, is dependent on the earnings of our subsidiaries and joint ventures and the payment of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from us. Payments to us by our subsidiaries and joint ventures will be contingent upon our subsidiaries or joint ventures earnings and other business considerations and may be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. We have not paid regular dividends on our common stock; however, we paid a special cash dividend in December 2020 and in August 2021 that was financed with the cash proceeds from our sale of our Performance Materials and Performance Chemicals businesses, respectively. To the extent that we determine in the future to pay dividends on our common stock, the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness significantly restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise transfer assets to us. 
 We may need to recognize impairment charges related to goodwill, identified intangible assets and fixed assets. 
 We are required to test goodwill and any other intangible asset with an indefinite life for possible impairment on the same date each year and on an interim basis if there are indicators of a possible impairment. We are also required to evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets and fixed assets for impairment if there are indicators of a possible impairment. 
 There is significant judgment required in the analysis of a potential impairment of goodwill, identified intangible assets and fixed assets. If, as a result of a general economic slowdown or deterioration in one or more of the industries in which we operate or in our financial performance or future outlook, or if the estimated fair value of our long-lived assets decreases, we may determine that one or more of our long-lived assets is impaired. An impairment charge would be determined based on the estimated fair value of the assets and any such impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 
 We performed our annual impairment test on goodwill on October 1, 2022, and determined there was no goodwill impairment. 
 We may be subject to future changes in tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities that may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are subject to taxes in the U.S. as well as foreign jurisdictions where our subsidiaries are organized. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates, tax laws and other non-tax legislation, such as economic substance regulations, our business may experience significant impacts as a result of prospective changes. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA enacted in the U.S. on August 16, 2022 imposes several new taxes that become effective in 2023, including a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases. Our future effective tax rates may be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in available tax credits or tax deductions, as well as changes in tax and other non-tax laws or their interpretation. Additionally, our organization is engaged in a number of cross-border intercompany transactions, subject to local transfer pricing regimes currently in place. We believe the economics of these transactions have been clearly reported, and the appropriate local transfer pricing documentation is contemporaneously available, although tax authorities may propose and potentially sustain adjustments that could result in changes to our mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates. The Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development OECD ), which represents a coalition of member countries, is supporting changes to numerous long-standing tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting BEPS project. This project focuses on a number of issues, including the shifting of profits cross-border amongst affiliated entities. Given the scope of the Company's international operations and the fluid and uncertain nature of how the BEPS project might ultimately lead to future legislation, it is difficult to assess how any changes in tax laws would impact the Company's future income tax expense. 
 33 

Our tax returns and other tax matters are subject to examination by local tax authorities and governmental bodies. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations, in order to determine any resulting impact to our provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. If our effective tax rates were to increase as a result of a tax examination, or if the ultimate determination of the taxes owed by us is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We have underfunded pension plan liabilities. We will require current and future operating cash flow to fund these shortfalls. We have no assurance that we will generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy these obligations. 
 We maintain defined benefit pension plans covering employees who meet age and service requirements. While all of our plans have been frozen, our net pension liability and cost is materially affected by the discount rate used to measure pension obligations, the longevity and actuarial profile of our workforce, the level of plan assets available to fund those obligations and the actual and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. Significant changes in investment performance or a change in the portfolio mix of invested assets can result in corresponding increases and decreases in the valuation of plan assets, particularly equity securities, or in a change in the expected rate of return on plan assets. Assets available to fund the pension obligations of our plans as of December 31, 2022 were approximately 60.6 million, or approximately 6.3 million less than the measured pension benefit obligation on a GAAP basis. In addition, any changes in the discount rate could result in a significant increase or decrease in the valuation of pension obligations, affecting the reported funded status of our pension plans as well as the net periodic pension cost in the following years. Similarly, changes in the expected return on plan assets can result in significant changes in the net periodic pension cost in the following years. 
 We also provide certain health care and life insurance benefits through an unfunded plan to a group of retirees in the United States who retired prior to the date on which these benefit programs were frozen. Current employees are not eligible for any post-retirement health care or life insurance benefits. Costs of these other post-employment benefit plans are dependent upon numerous factors, assumptions and estimates. 
 Risks Related to our Indebtedness 
 Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 We have substantial indebtedness, which as of December 31, 2022, totaled approximately 886.5 million. Our substantial indebtedness, combined with our other financial obligations and contractual commitments, could have important consequences, including: 
 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, selling and marketing efforts, product development and other purposes; 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have relatively less indebtedness; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate; 
 increasing our exposure to rising interest rates because certain of our borrowings are at variable interest rates; 
 restricting us from making investments, strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; and 
 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds, or to dispose of assets to raise funds, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, product development and other corporate purposes. 
 Although the terms of the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, such restrictions are subject to a number of important exceptions and indebtedness incurred in compliance with such restrictions could be substantial. If we and our restricted subsidiaries incur significant additional indebtedness, the related risks that we face could increase. 
 
 34 

The terms of our indebtedness restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to change or to take certain actions. 
 The indentures governing our outstanding indebtedness contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interest, including restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make investments, acquisitions, loans and advances, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of our assets or incur liens. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt. In addition, the restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our senior secured credit facilities require us to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy other financial condition tests. Our ability to meet these financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond our control. 
 A breach of such covenants could result in an event of default unless we obtain a waiver to avoid such default. If we are unable to obtain a waiver, such a default may allow our creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of, or default under, any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In the event our lenders or noteholders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. 
 Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 CCMP and INEOS continue to have influence over us, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key transactions, including a change of control. 
 As of December 31, 2022, investment funds affiliated with CCMP beneficially owned approximately 9 of our outstanding common stock and INEOS beneficially owned approximately 20 of our outstanding common stock. For as long as affiliates of CCMP and INEOS continue to beneficially own a substantial percentage of the voting power of our outstanding common stock, they will continue to have significant influence over us. For example, they will be able to strongly influence the election of all of the members of our board of directors and our business and affairs, including any determinations with respect to mergers or other business combinations, the acquisition or disposition of assets, the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of any additional shares of common stock or other equity securities, the repurchase or redemption of shares of our common stock and the payment of dividends. 
 Additionally, CCMP and INEOS are in the business of making investments in companies and may acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. CCMP and INEOS may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. 
 Our stock price could be extremely volatile and, as a result, you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. 
 Since launching our IPO in September 2017, the price of our common stock, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, has ranged from a low of 8.20 on November 15, 2022 to a high of 18.90 on March 9, 2021. In addition, the stock market in general has been highly volatile. As a result, the market price of our common stock is likely to be similarly volatile, and investors in our common stock may experience a decrease, which could be substantial, in the value of their stock, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects, and could lose part or all of their investment. The price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number of factors, including those described elsewhere herein and others such as: 
 variations in our operating performance and the performance of our competitors; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 
 publication of research reports by securities analysts about us, our competitors or our industry; 
 our failure or the failure of our competitors to meet analysts projections or guidance that we or our competitors may give to the market; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 strategic decisions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs, joint ventures, strategic investments or changes in business strategy; 
 the passage of legislation or other regulatory developments affecting us or our industry; 
 35 

changes in legislation, regulation and government policy as a result of the U.S. presidential and congressional elections; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 changes in accounting principles; 
 terrorist acts, acts of war or periods of widespread civil unrest; 
 natural disasters and other calamities; and 
 changes in general market and economic conditions. 
 In addition, broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance, and factors beyond our control may cause our stock price to decline rapidly and unexpectedly. We are exposed to the impact of any global or domestic economic disruption that may occur, including the economic effects of COVID-19. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, and could also require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments or to settle litigation. 
 Your percentage ownership in us may be diluted by future issuances of capital stock, which could reduce your influence over matters on which stockholders vote. 
 Our board of directors has the authority, without action or vote of our stockholders, to issue all or any part of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock, including shares issuable upon exercise of options, or shares of our authorized but unissued preferred stock. Issuances of common stock or voting preferred stock would reduce your influence over matters on which our stockholders vote and, in the case of issuances of preferred stock, would likely result in your interest in us being subject to the prior rights of holders of that preferred stock. 
 There may be sales of a substantial amount of our common stock by our current stockholders, and these sales could cause the price of our common stock to fall. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 122,186,238 shares of our common stock outstanding. Approximately 9 and 20 of our outstanding common stock is held by affiliates of CCMP and by INEOS, respectively. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales will occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for us to raise funds through securities offerings in the future. 
 Investment funds affiliated with CCMP may require us to register shares of our common stock held by them for resale under the federal securities laws, subject to reduction upon the request of the underwriter of the offering, if any. Registration of those shares would allow the investment funds affiliated with CCMP to immediately resell their shares in the public market. Any such sales or anticipation thereof could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 In addition, we have registered shares of our common stock that are reserved for issuance under our 2016 Stock Incentive Plan and 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. 
 Provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law may deter takeover efforts that may be beneficial to stockholder value. 
 In addition to INEOS s beneficial ownership of a substantial percentage of our common stock, provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law could make it harder for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include a classified board of directors and the ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval that could be used to dilute a potential hostile acquiror. Our certificate of incorporation imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15 or more of our outstanding common stock other than INEOS and investment funds affiliated with CCMP. As a result, you may lose your ability to sell your stock for a price in excess of the prevailing market price due to these protective measures, and efforts by stockholders to change the direction or management of the company may be unsuccessful. 
 36 

Our certificate of incorporation designates courts in the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that, subject to limited exceptions, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; 
 any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; 
 any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or 
 any other action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine (each, a Covered Proceeding ). 
 In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that if any action the subject matter of which is a Covered Proceeding is filed in a court other than the specified Delaware courts without the approval of our board of directors (each, a Foreign Action ), the claiming party will be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the specified Delaware courts in connection with any action brought in any such courts to enforce the exclusive forum provision described above and (ii) having service of process made upon such claiming party in any such enforcement action by service upon such claiming party s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such claiming party. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to these provisions. These provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actio ns or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Our certificate of incorporation contains a provision renouncing our interest and expectancy in certain corporate opportunities, which could adversely impact our business. 
 Each of CCMP and INEOS, and the members of our board of directors who are affiliated with CCMP and INEOS, by the terms of our certificate of incorporation, are not required to offer us any corporate opportunity of which they become aware and can take any such corporate opportunity for themselves or offer it to other companies in which they have an investment. We, by the terms of our certificate of incorporation, expressly renounce any interest or expectancy in any such corporate opportunity to the extent permitted under applicable law, even if the opportunity is one that we or our subsidiaries might reasonably have pursued or had the ability or desire to pursue if granted the opportunity to do so. Our certificate of incorporation may not be amended to eliminate our renunciation of any such corporate opportunity arising prior to the date of any such amendment. 
 CCMP and INEOS are in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. These potential conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects if CCMP or INEOS allocate attractive corporate opportunities to themselves or their affiliates instead of to us. 
 We may not pay additional dividends on our common stock and, consequentially, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 Although we paid special cash dividends in December 2020 and August 2021, our board of directors may decide to retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and may not pay any special or regular dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay special or regular dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding 
 37 

indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur, including our credit facilities and outstanding notes. See Because our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries and joint ventures, we are dependent on the receipt of distributions and dividends or other payments from our subsidiaries and joint ventures for cash to fund our operations and expenses, including to make future dividend payments, if any. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Significant trade developments stemming from the U.S. administration, U.S. courts or the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union could have an adverse effect on us. 
 The United States has in recent years renegotiated a number of trade agreements, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement USMCA ), imposed tariffs on goods imported from China and certain other countries, and increasingly levied sanctions and export controls on China and other countries. All of these actions have resulted in retaliatory action, including retaliatory tariffs and other restrictions by China and other countries. These changes, as well as any other changes in social, political, regulatory and economic conditions, or further changes to foreign or domestic laws and policies governing foreign trade (including export, import and sanctions), manufacturing and development and foreign direct investment in the territories and countries where we or our customers operate could adversely affect our operating results and our business. 
 Additionally, in June 2016, the United Kingdom held a referendum and voted in favor of leaving the European Union and, on January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom exited the European Union and the implementation period or transition period ended on December 31, 2020. This referendum and exit has created political and economic uncertainty, particularly in the United Kingdom and the European Union, and this uncertainty may last for years. Our business could be affected during this period of uncertainty, and perhaps longer, by the impact of the United Kingdom s referendum and exit. In addition, our business could be negatively affected by new trade agreements between the United Kingdom and other countries, including the United States, and by the possible imposition of trade or other regulatory barriers in the United Kingdom. These possible negative impacts, and others resulting from the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union, may adversely affect our customers businesses and our operating results. 
 If we lose certain key personnel or are unable to hire additional qualified personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy and our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends, in part, upon the continued services of our highly skilled personnel involved in management, research, production and distribution and, in particular, upon the efforts and abilities of our key officers. Although we believe that we are adequately staffed in key positions, we may not be able to retain such personnel on acceptable terms or at all, and such personnel may seek to compete with us in the future. If we lose the service of any of our key personnel, we may not be able to hire replacements with the same level of industry experience and knowledge necessary to execute our business strategy, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We depend on good relations with our workforce, and any significant disruptions could adversely affect our operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 890 employees globally, approximately 45 of which were represented by a union, works council or other employee representative body. As of December 31, 2022, 138 of our U.S. unionized employees were covered under collective bargaining agreements that will expire on or before December 31, 2023. Failure to reach agreement with any of our unionized work groups regarding the terms of their collective bargaining agreements or annual pay increases may result in a labor strike, work stoppage or slowdown. In addition, a large number of our employees are employed in countries in which employment laws provide greater bargaining or other rights to employees than the laws of the United States. Such employment rights require us to work collaboratively with the legal representatives of the employees to effect any changes to labor arrangements. For example, many of our employees in Europe are represented by works councils that must approve any changes in conditions of employment, including salaries, benefits and staff changes, and may impede efforts to restructure our workforce. Although we believe that we have a good working relationship with our employees, a strike, work stoppage or slowdown by our employees or a dispute with our employees could result in a significant disruption to our operations or higher ongoing labor costs. In addition, our ability to make adjustments to control compensation and benefit costs, or otherwise adapt to changing business needs, may be limited by the terms and duration of our collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 38 

We are subject to certain risks related to litigation filed by or against us, as well as administrative and regulatory proceedings, and adverse results may harm our business. 
 We cannot predict with certainty the cost of defense, the cost of prosecution or the ultimate outcome of litigation and other administrative and regulatory proceedings filed by or against us, including remedies or damage awards, and adverse results in any litigation or other administrative and regulatory proceedings may materially harm our business. Litigation and other administrative and regulatory proceedings may include, but are not limited to, actions relating to intellectual property, commercial arrangements, environmental, health and safety matters, joint venture agreements, labor and employment matters, domestic and foreign antitrust matters or other harms resulting from the actions of individuals or entities outside of our control. In the case of intellectual property litigation and proceedings, adverse outcomes could include the cancellation, invalidation or other loss of material intellectual property rights used in our business and injunctions prohibiting our use of our processes, apparatuses, technology, trade secrets and proprietary manufacturing expertise, methods and compounds that are subject to third-party patents or other third-party intellectual property rights. Litigation based on environmental matters or exposure to hazardous substances in the workplace or from our products could result in significant liability for us. For example, we are currently subject to various asbestos premises liability claims that relate to employee or contractor exposure to asbestos contained in certain building materials at our sites. Furthermore, our international operations expose us to potential administrative and regulatory proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. Adverse outcomes in any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner or prevent fraud, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company. 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, our management is required to report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm is required to attest to, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weakness identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, we are required to comply with the SEC s rules implementing Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports, and we are required to disclose significant changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis. 
 If we identify a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to remediate the material weakness identified in a timely manner or maintain all of the controls necessary to remain in compliance with our reporting obligations. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an unqualified opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in future periods, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by the New York Stock Exchange, on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 Regulations related to conflict minerals could adversely impact our business. 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 contains provisions to improve transparency and accountability concerning the supply of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals, originating from the Democratic Republic of Congo (the DRC and adjoining countries. The SEC requires annual disclosure and reporting requirements for those companies who use conflict minerals mined from the DRC and adjoining countries in their products. We incur costs associated with complying with these disclosure requirements, including for diligence to determine the sources of conflict minerals used in our products and other potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. These rules could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in our products. As there may be only a limited number of suppliers offering conflict free conflict minerals, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain necessary conflict minerals from such suppliers in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 39 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 Our operating headquarters are located in Malvern, Pennsylvania and our primary research and development facility is in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania. As of December 31, 2022, we had ten manufacturing facilities in two countries. We also had five administrative facilities and two research and development facilities located in two countries. Our joint ventures operated out of two facilities located in two countries. 
 The table below presents summary information regarding our principal manufacturing facilities that we own as of December 31, 2022. 
 Location Segment (1) 
 Baton Rouge, Louisiana, United States ES Baytown, Texas, United States ES Dominguez, California, United States ES Delfzijl, The Netherlands (2) 
 CAT Hammond, Indiana, United States ES Houston, Texas, United States ES Kansas City, Kansas, United States (2) 
 CAT Martinez, California, United States ES West Orange, Texas, United States ES Portland, Oregon, United States ES 
 
 (1) ES: Ecoservices; CAT: Catalyst Technologies. 
 (2) We lease a portion of the site to the Zeolyst Joint Venture. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 From time to time we may be subject to various legal claims and proceedings incidental to the normal conduct of business, relating to such matters as personal injury, product liability and warranty claims, waste disposal practices, release of chemicals into the environment and other matters that may arise in the ordinary course of our business. We currently believe that there is no litigation pending that is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of the outcome, legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 40 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market Information, Holders and Dividends 
 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol ECVT . As of February 23, 2023, there were 35 shareholders of record of our common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock hold their shares in street name through banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 We have not and do not currently intend to pay regular dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The declaration and payment of any future dividends by our Board of Directors is subject to compliance with the covenants contained in the agreements governing our credit facilities, applicable law and other considerations. See Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K for details regarding covenant restrictions on the payment of dividends under our debt agreements. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The graph below shows the cumulative total shareholder return of our common stock for the period from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022 as compared to the cumulative total return of the Russell 2000 Total Return Index and the S P 1500 Specialty Chemicals Index, assuming an investment of 100 made at the respective closing prices on December 31, 2017. The information contained in the graph below is furnished and therefore not to be considered filed with the SEC, and is not incorporated by reference into any document that incorporates this Form 10-K by reference. 

12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 ECVT (formerly PQG) 100 90 104 99 88 76 Russell 2000 100 89 112 134 154 122 SP 1500 Spec Chem 100 94 111 129 165 124 
 41 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 2022 Stock Repurchase Program 
 The following table contains information about purchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Total Number of Shares of Common Stock Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan or Programs Maximum Number (or Dollar Value) of Shares of Common Stock that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs Total Number of 
 Shares of Common 
 Stock Purchased (1) 
 Average Price 
 Paid per Share of 
 Common Stock (2) 
 October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 376,328 November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 8,000,000 7.88 313,298 December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 313,298 Total 8,000,000 
 
 (1) In April 2022, our Board of Directors approved and announced a new stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 450 million of the Company s outstanding common stock over the next four years. This program is expected to be funded using cash on hand and cash generated from operations. We primarily expect to conduct the repurchase program through negotiated transactions with the Company s equity sponsors, as well as through open market repurchases or other means, including through Rule 10b-18 trading plans or through the use of other techniques such as accelerated share repurchases. The actual timing, number and nature of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including stock, price, trading volume, and general business and market conditions. The repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any number of shares in any specific period or at all and may be amended, suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA imposes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax for certain large corporations with average annual adjusted financial statement income in excess of 1 billion for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, levies a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases after December 31, 2022, and provides tax incentives to promote clean energy. Historically the Company has made discretionary share repurchases under its share repurchase programs. Beginning in 2023, these transactions will be subject to the excise tax of the IRA. Based on the Company s historical net repurchase activity, the excise tax and the other provisions of the IRA are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s results of operations or financial position. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, in connection with a secondary offering of the Company s common stock in November 2022, the Company repurchased 8,000,000 shares of its common stock sold in the offering from the underwriters at a price of 7.88 per share for a total of 63.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, 313.3 million was available for additional share repurchases under the program. 
 (2) Excludes brokerage commissions and other costs of execution. 
 Tax Withholdings 
 In connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance stock units, shares of common stock may be delivered to the Company by employees to satisfy withholding tax obligations at the instruction of the employee award holders. These transactions when they occur are accounted for as stock repurchases by the Company, with the shares returned to treasury stock at a cost representing the payment by the Company of the tax obligations on behalf of the employees in lieu of shares for the vesting unit. There were no such transactions during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 42 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leading integrated and innovative global provider of specialty catalysts and services. We believe that our products, which are predominantly inorganic, and services contribute to improving the sustainability of the environment. 
 We conduct operations through two repor ting segments: (1) Ecoservices and (2) Catalyst Technologies (including our 50 interest in the Zeolyst Joint Venture). 
 Ecoservices: We are a leading provider of sulfuric acid recycling services to North American refineries for the production of alkylate, an essential gasoline component for lowering vapor pressure and increasing octane to meet stringent gasoline specifications and fuel efficiency standards. We are also a leading North American producer of on-purpose virgin sulfuric acid for water treatment, mining, and industrial applications. 
 Catalyst Technologies: We are a global supplier of finished silica catalysts and catalyst supports necessary to produce high strength and high stiffness plastics used in packaging films, bottles, containers, and other molded applications. This segment includes our 50 interest in the Zeolyst Joint Venture, where we are a leading global supplier of zeolites used for catalysts that help produce renewable fuels, remove nitrogen oxides from diesel engine emissions as well as sulf ur from fuels during the refining process. 
 In 2022, we served global customers across many end uses and, as of December 31, 2022, operated out of ten strategically located manufacturing facilities. 
 On December 14, 2020, we completed the sale of our Performance Materials business to Potters Buyer, LLC, an affiliate of The Jordan Company, L.P., for a purchase price of 650 million. Effective on August 1, 2021, we completed the sale of our Performance Chemicals business to Sparta Aggregator L.P., a partnership with Koch Minerals Trading, LLC and Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. for 1.1 billion. Additionally, our Board of Directors (the Board declared a special cash dividend of 1.80 per share, paid on December 14, 2020 in connection with the sale of our Performance Materials business and declared a special cash dividend of 3.20 per share, paid on August 23, 2021 in connection with the sale of our Performance Chemicals business. The results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows for the Performance Materials and Performance Chemicals businesses are presented herein as discontinued operations. Refer to Note 4 and Note 5 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Impact of Russia s Invasion of Ukraine on our Business and Results 
 We are continuing to monitor the developments in Russia and Ukraine, as well as the related economic sanctions and export controls imposed on certain industry sectors. Although the current conflict has created global economic and political uncertainties and affected certain supply chain disruptions, we do not believe we have significant exposure in those countries. We have no operations in Russia or Ukraine. We had no sales to customers in Ukraine and our sales to a customer in Russia were immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2022 and have been discontinued. Sales to this customer in Russia represented 2 of total sales for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We also did not make any purchases from suppliers in Russia or Ukraine. As Russia s invasion of Ukraine continues to unfold, we will continue to monitor compliance with sanctions imposed by the U.S. government and other countries. 
 Recent Developments 
 Late in the fourth quarter of 2022, our Ecoservices business was adversely affected by Winter Storm Elliott. The storm disrupted operations at a number of our sites, impacting production and resulting in unplanned maintenance. While the storm had a modest impact on fourth quarter 2022 financial results, we expect the majority of the maintenance and repair costs incurred will be realized in the first quarter of 2023. In addition, we expect that the fourth quarter 2022 production outages will translate into lower availability and sales of virgin sulfuric acid in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 In April 2022, our Board of Directors approved and announced a new stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 450 million of the Company s outstanding common stock over the next four years. This program is expected to be funded using cash on hand and cash generated from operations. We primarily expect to conduct the repurchase program through negotiated transactions with the Company s equity sponsors, as well as through open market repurchases or other means, including through Rule 10b-18 trading plans or through the use of other techniques such as 
 43 

accelerated share repurchases. The actual timing, number and nature of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including stock price, trading volume, and general business and market conditions. The repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any number of shares in any specific period or at all and may be amended, suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA imposes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax for certain large corporations with average annual adjusted financial statement income in excess of 1 billion for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, levies a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases after December 31, 2022, and provides tax incentives to promote clean energy. Historically we have made discretionary share repurchases under our share repurchase programs. Beginning in 2023, these transactions will be subject to the excise tax of the IRA. Based on our historical net repurchase activity, the excise tax and the other provisions of the IRA are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 
 From the announcement date of the program in April 2022 through December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 1,970,763 shares of its common stock on the open market at an average price of 9.82 per share, for a total of 19.4 million. Additionally, in connection with secondary offerings of the Company s common stock in August and November 2022, the Company repurchased 6,500,000 and 8,000,000 shares of its common stock sold in the offerings, respectively, from the underwriters at a price of 8.36 per share and 7.88 per share, respectively, simultaneous with the closing of the respective offerings, for a total of 117.3 million. As of December 31, 2022, 313.3 million was available for additional share repurchases under the program. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Our zeolite catalysts product group operates through the Zeolyst Joint Venture, which we account for as an equity method investment in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). We do not record sales by the Zeolyst Joint Venture as revenue and such sales are not consolidated within our results of operations. However, Adjusted EBITDA reflects our share of the earnings of the Zeolyst Joint Venture that have been recorded as equity in net income from affiliated companies in our consolidated statements of income and includes Zeolyst Joint Venture adjustments on a proportionate basis based on our 50 ownership interest. 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income 
 Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income are financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and that we use to evaluate our operating performance, for business planning purposes and to measure our performance relative to that of our competitors. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income are presented as key performance indicators as we believe these financial measures will enhance a prospective investor s understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. EBITDA consists of net income (loss) attributable t o continuing operations b efore interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA consists of EBITDA adjusted for (i) non-operating income or expense, (ii) the impact of certain non-cash, nonrecurring or other items included in net income (loss) and EBITDA that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance, and (iii) depreciation, amortization and interest of our 50 share of the Zeolyst Joint Venture. Adjusted net income consists of net income (loss) attributable to Ecovyst Inc. adjusted for (i) non-operating income or expense and (ii) the impact of certain non-cash, nonrecurring or other items included in net income (loss) that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful financial metrics to assess our operating performance from period-to-period by excluding certain items that we believe are not representative of our core business. 
 You should not consider Adjusted EBITDA or adjusted net income in isolation or as alternatives to the presentation of our financial results in accordance with GAAP. The presentation of Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income financial measures may differ from similar measures reported by other companies and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income, you should be aware that we are likely to incur expenses similar to those eliminated in this presentation in the future and that certain of these items could be considered recurring in nature. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or nonrecurring items. Reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income to GAAP net income (loss) are included in the results of operations discussion that follows for each of the respective periods. 
 44 

Key Factors and Trends Affecting Operating Results and Financial Condition 
 Sales 
 Our Ecoservices and Catalyst Technologies segments' sales have grown primarily due to increased demand for our products and services in the markets we serve, expansion into new end use applications, including catalysts used in the production of renewable fuels, polyethylene, and emission control, as well as continued supply share gains and customer contractual pass-through mechanisms. Sales in our Ecoservices and Catalyst Technologies segments are made on both a purchase order basis and pursuant to long-term contracts. 
 Overall economic demand has significantly rebounded since the 2020 lows that resulted from the impact of COVID-19. Refineries have seen demand return with increasing miles driven and a general increase in economic activity. Polyethylene demand remains strong driven by the growing consumer demand for films and packaging. Higher refinery utilization rates are increasing demand for catalyst and regeneration. 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold consists of variable product costs, fixed manufacturing expenses, depreciation expense and freight expenses. Variable product costs include all raw materials, energy and packaging costs that are directly related to the manufacturing process. Fixed manufacturing expenses include all plant employment costs, manufacturing overhead and periodic maintenance costs. 
 The primary raw materials for our Ecoservices segment include spent sulfuric acid, sulfur, acids, bases (including sodium hydroxide, or caustic soda ), and certain metals. Spent sulfuric acid for our Ecoservices segment is supplied by customers for a nominal charge as part of their contracts. The primary raw materials used in the manufacture of products in our Catalyst Technologies segment include sodium silicate and cesium hydroxide. 
 Most of our Ecoservices contracts feature take-or-pay volume protection and/or quarterly price adjustments for commodity inputs, labor, the Chemical Engineering Index (U.S. chemical plant construction cost index) and natural gas. Over 80 of our Ecoservices segment sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were under contracts featuring quarterly price adjustments. The price adjustments generally reflect actual costs for producing acid and tend to protect us from volatility in labor, fixed costs and raw material pricing. The take-or-pay volume protection allows us to cover fixed costs through intermittent, temporary production issues at customer refineries. 
 While natural gas is not a direct feedstock for any product, natural gas powered machinery and equipment are used to heat raw materials and create the chemical reactions necessary to produce end-products. We maintain multiple suppliers wherever possible and structure our customer contracts when possible to allow for the pass-through of raw material and natural gas costs. 
 Joint Ventures 
 We account for our investments in our equity joint ventures under the equity method. Our joint venture, the Zeolyst Joint Venture, manufactures high performance, specialty, zeolite-based catalysts for use in the polymers and engineered plastics, emission control, refining and petrochemical industries and other areas of the broader chemicals industry. Demand for the Zeolyst Joint Venture products fluctuates based upon the timing of our customer s fixed bed catalyst replacements. We share proportionally in the management of our joint ventures with the other parties to each such joint venture. 
 Seasonality 
 Our regeneration services product group, which is a part of our Ecoservices segment, typically experiences seasonal fluctuations as a result of higher demand for gasoline products in the summer months and lower demand in the winter months. These demand fluctuations results in higher sales and working capital requirements in the second and third quarter. 
 
 45 

Foreign Currency 
 As a global business, we are subject to the impact of gains and losses on currency translations, which occur when the financial stat ements of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars. Approximately 6 of our sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Because our consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, sales or earnings generated in currencies other tha n the U.S. dollar can result in a significant increase or decrease in the amount of those sales and earnings when translated to U.S. dollars. The foreign currency to which we have the most significant exchange rate exposure is the British Pound. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Highlights 
 The following is a summary of our financial performance for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Sales 
 Sales increased 209.0 million to 820.2 million. The increase in sales was primarily due to higher average selling prices, including the favorable pass-through of sulfur pricing and higher sales volumes, and increased demands for our products and services. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit increased 48.0 million to 224.7 million. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to increased pricing and higher sales volumes across the portfolio. Inflationary factors increased through the year, namely from higher sulfur, freight and energy indexed costs, but customer contractual pass-through mechanisms preserved earnings in Ecoservices, while targeted price increases helped to mitigate cost pressures in Catalyst Technologies. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating income increased 49.8 million to 104.4 million. The increase in operating income was primarily due to an increase in gross profit and l ower selling, general and administrative expenses, partially offset by higher other operating expenses . 
 Equity in Net Income from Affiliated Companies 
 Equity in net income of affiliated companies for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 27.7 million. 
 46 

The following is our consolidated statement of income and a summary of financial results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Years ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in millions, except percentages) Sales 820.2 611.2 209.0 34.2 Cost of goods sold 595.5 434.5 161.0 37.1 Gross profit 224.7 176.7 48.0 27.2 Gross profit margin 27.4 28.9 Selling, general and administrative expenses 85.3 97.8 (12.5) (12.8) Other operating expense, net 35.0 24.3 10.7 44.0 Operating income 104.4 54.6 49.8 91.2 Operating income margin 12.7 8.9 Equity in net income from affiliated companies (27.7) (27.7) Interest expense, net 37.2 37.0 0.2 0.5 Debt extinguishment costs 26.9 (26.9) (100.0) Other expense, net 0.2 4.5 (4.3) (95.6) Income from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interest 94.7 13.9 80.8 581.3 Provision for income taxes 24.9 12.1 12.8 105.8 Effective tax rate 26.3 87.1 Net income from continuing operations 69.8 1.8 68.0 NM Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 3.9 (141.4) 145.3 (102.8) Net income (loss) 73.7 (139.6) 213.3 (152.8) Less: Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest - discontinued operations 0.3 (0.3) (100.0) Net income (loss) attributable to Ecovyst Inc. 73.7 (139.9) 213.6 (152.7) 
 Sales Years ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in millions, except percentages) Sales: Ecoservices 702.5 500.5 202.0 40.4 Catalyst Technologies 117.7 110.7 7.0 6.3 Total sales 820.2 611.2 209.0 34.2 
 Ecoservices : Sales in Ecoservices for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 702.5 million, an increase of 202.0 million, or 40.4 , compared to sales of 500.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in sales was primarily due to higher average selling price of 178.4 million, including pass-through of higher sulfur costs of 84.8 million, and higher sales volumes of 23.6 million. 
 The increase in average selling price was due to favorable pricing, which was primarily driven by pass-through of higher sulfur costs and higher labor, freight and energy indexed costs. The increase in volumes was due to a higher demand for regeneration services during the year and higher sales of virgin sulfuric acid used in mining and industrial uses. 
 47 

Catalyst Technologies : Sales in Catalyst Technologies for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 117.7 million, an increase of 7.0 million, or 6.3 , compared to sales of 110.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in sales was primarily due to the contribution from higher sales volume of 7.1 million and higher average selling prices of 4.6 million, partially offset by the unfavorable effects of foreign currency translation of 4.7 million. 
 The increase in sales volume was attributable to the continued strong customer demand for polyethylene catalysts and higher sales of niche custom catalysts. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 224.7 million, an increase of 48.0 million, or 27.2 , compared with 176.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in gross profit was due to higher average selling prices of aggregating 183.0 million and the contribution from higher sales volume of 22.8 million which were partially offset by unfavorable raw material and manufacturing costs of 152.1 million and a 5.7 million impact associated with a less-favorable product mix. 
 The unfavorable change in raw materials was driven by higher sulfur costs of approximately 85.0 million and higher natural gas. The unfavorable change in manufacturing costs were driven by the timing of plant maintenance projects, and higher variable, transportation and fixed costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 85.3 million, a decrease of 12.5 million compared with 97.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was mainly due to a decrease in compensation related costs of 5.2 million and a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of 11.2 million, which consisted of 4.0 million of incremental cost recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 in connection with the modifications of our equity incentive awards and stock options associated with the special dividend and sale of the Performance Chemicals business in August 2021, with the remaining decrease driven by forfeitures of equity incentive awards in 2022 by former Company executives and employees of the Performance Chemicals business. This was mostly offset by 3.7 million of income generated during the year ended December 31, 2021 from the transition service agreements entered into as part of the sales of the Performance Materials and Performance Chemicals businesses. 
 Other Operating Expense, Net 
 Other operating expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 35.0 million, an increase of 10.7 million, or 44.0 , compared with 24.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in other operating expense, net was mainly driven by increases of 5.3 million in severance charges associated with former executives and 5.0 million in residual costs from the Performance Chemicals divestiture and other transactions costs. 
 Equity in Net Income from Affiliated Companies 
 Equity in net income from affiliated companies for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 27.7 million, in line with the year ended December 31, 2021. The Zeolyst Joint Venture during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, continued to have high demands for hydrocracking and specialty catalyst. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 37.2 million, an increase of 0.2 million, as compared with 37.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest expense was due to higher interest rates on our variable rate debt. 
 48 

Debt Extinguishment Costs 
 Debt extinguishment costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 26.9 million. 
 Effective on August 1, 2021, we completed the sale of our Performance Chemicals business which triggered an obligation to provide partial payment under our 2018 Term Loan Facility and pay in full our 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes. As a result of the required payments, previous unamortized deferred financing costs of 3.1 million and original issue discount of 3.6 million were written off as debt extinguishment costs. 
 Concurrent with, and using a portion of the net cash proceeds from, the divestiture of the Performance Chemicals business in August 2021, we repaid the remaining balance on our 2016 Term Loan Facility and redeemed the 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes. In connection with the redemption of the 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes, we paid a redemption premium of 8.5 million, which was recorded as debt extinguishment costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2021. We wrote off 0.8 million of unamortized deferred financing costs and 2.4 million of original issue discount related to the 2016 Term Loan Facility and 2.3 million of unamortized deferred financing costs and 1.2 million of original issue discount related to the 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes as debt extinguishment costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2021. 
 In June 2021, we entered into an agreement for a new senior secured term loan facility and used the proceeds to repay a portion of our existing term loan facilities. As a result of this transaction, we recorded 5.7 million of new creditor and third-party financing costs as debt extinguishment costs during the three months ended September 30, 2021. In addition, previous unamortized deferred financing costs of 1.7 million and original issue discount of 3.7 million associated with the previously outstanding debt were written off as debt extinguishment costs. 
 In June 2021, we amended our ABL Credit Agreement to decrease the aggregate amount of revolving loan commitments and extend the maturity date. As a result of the amendment, we wrote off 0.6 million of unamortized deferred financing costs as debt extinguishment costs. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Other expense, net was 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a favorable change of 4.3 million, compared to 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change primarily related to 0.5 million in pension plan benefit and 3.7 million favorable change in foreign currency losses in the current year on the non-permanent intercompany debt denominated in local currency and translated to U.S. dollars. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a 24.9 million provision compared to a 12.1 million provision for the year ended December 31, 2021. The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 26.3 compared to 87.1 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and our effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to the impact of the Section 162(m) deduction limitation for covered employees with compensation in excess of 1 million, along with the tax deductibility of stock compensation. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and our effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 was mainly due to GILTI, foreign tax credit benefit and the impact of intra-period allocation as a result of the Performance Chemicals and Performance Materials businesses being classified as held for sale. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Ecovyst Inc. 
 For the foregoing reasons and after the effect of the non-controlling interest in earnings of subsidiaries for each period presented, net income attributable to Ecovyst Inc. was 73.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to net loss of 139.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 49 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 Summarized EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA information is shown below in the following table: 
 Years ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in millions, except percentages) Adjusted EBITDA (1) : 
 Ecoservices 227.8 177.7 50.1 28.2 Catalyst Technologies (2) 
 78.0 88.0 (10.0) (11.4) Unallocated corporate expenses (29.0) (38.1) 9.1 (24.0) Total 276.8 227.6 49.2 21.6 
 
 (1) We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA adjusted for certain items as noted in the reconciliation below. Our management evaluates the performance of our segments and allocates resources based primarily on Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA does not represent cash flow for periods presented and should not be considered as an alternative to net income as an indicator of our operating performance or as an alternative to cash flows as a source of liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable with EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA as defined by other companies. 
 (2) The Adjusted EBITDA from the Zeolyst Joint Venture included in the Catalyst Technologies segment is 50.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which includes 27.9 million of equity in net income, excluding 6.4 million of amortization of investment in affiliate step-up, plus 16.0 million of joint venture depreciation, amortization and interest. The Adjusted EBITDA from the Zeolyst Joint Venture included in the Catalyst Technologies segment is 49.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which includes 27.8 million of equity in net income, excluding 6.5 million of amortization of investment in affiliate step-up, plus 15.6 million of joint venture depreciation, amortization and interest. 
 Ecoservices : Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 227.8 million, an increase of 50.1 million, or 28.2 , compared to 177.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Ecoservices Adjusted EBITDA was the result of higher sales volumes for regeneration services and for virgin sulfuric acid, and higher average selling prices that more than covered higher variable costs. 
 Catalyst Technologies: Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 78.0 million, a decrease of 10.0 million, or 11.4 , compared with 88.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusted EBITDA decreased due higher variable costs arising from inflation and supply chain pressures, along with less-favorable product mix during the year. This was only partially offset by increased volume and higher average selling prices. 
 50 

A reconciliation of net income attributable to Ecovyst Inc. to Adjusted EBITDA is as follows: 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Reconciliation of net income attributable to Ecovyst Inc. to Adjusted EBITDA Net income from continuing operations 69.8 1.8 Provision for income taxes 24.9 12.1 Interest expense, net 37.2 37.0 Depreciation and amortization 79.2 79.7 EBITDA 211.1 130.6 Joint venture depreciation, amortization and interest (a) 
 16.0 15.6 Amortization of investment in affiliate step-up (b) 
 6.4 6.5 Debt extinguishment costs 26.9 Net loss on asset disposals (c) 
 3.6 5.7 Foreign currency exchange loss (d) 
 1.4 4.7 LIFO benefit (e) 
 (0.2) (1.9) Transaction and other related costs (f) 
 7.0 2.0 Equity-based compensation 20.6 31.8 Restructuring, integration and business optimization expenses (g) 
 11.6 3.9 Other (h) 
 (0.7) 1.8 Adjusted EBITDA 276.8 227.6 
 
 (a) We use Adjusted EBITDA as a performance measure to evaluate our financial results. Because our Catalyst Technologies segment includes our 50 interest in the Zeolyst Joint Venture, we include an adjustment for our 50 proportionate share of depreciation, amortization and interest expense of the Zeolyst Joint Venture. 
 (b) Represents the amortization of the fair value adjustments associated with the equity affiliate investment in the Zeolyst Joint Venture as a result of the combination of the businesses of PQ Holdings Inc. and Eco Services Operations LLC in May 2016 (the Business Combination ). We determined the fair value of the equity affiliate investment and the fair value step-up was then attributed to the underlying assets of the Zeolyst Joint Venture. Amortization is primarily related to the fair value adjustments associated with fixed assets and intangible assets, including customer relationships and technical know-how. 
 (c) When asset disposals occur, we remove the impact of net gain/loss of the disposed asset because such impact primarily reflects the non-cash write-off of long-lived assets no longer in use. 
 (d) Reflects the exclusion of the foreign currency transaction gains and losses in the statements of income related to the non-permanent intercompany debt denominated in local currency translated to U.S. dollars. 
 (e) Represents non-cash adjustments to the Company s LIFO reserves for certain inventories in the U.S. that are valued using the LIFO method, which we believe provides a means of comparison to other companies that may not use the same basis of accounting for inventories. 
 (f) Relates to certain transaction costs, including debt financing, due diligence and other costs related to transactions that are completed, pending or abandoned, that we believe are not representative of our ongoing business operations. 
 (g) Includes the impact of restructuring, integration and business optimization expenses which are incremental costs that are not representative of our ongoing business operations. 
 51 

(h) Other costs consist of adjustments for defined benefit pension plan (benefit) costs and certain expenses that are not core to our ongoing business operations, including environmental remediation-related costs, capital and franchise taxes. All of our defined benefit pension plan obligations are under defined benefit pension plans that are frozen. Included in this line-item are rounding discrepancies that may arise from rounding from dollars (in thousands) to dollars (in millions). 
 Adjusted Net Income 
 Summarized adjusted net income information is shown below in the following table: 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Pre-tax Tax expense (benefit) After-tax Pre-tax Tax expense (benefit) After-tax (in millions) Reconciliation of net income attributable to Ecovyst Inc. to Adjusted Net Income (1)(2) 
 Net income from continuing operations 94.7 24.9 69.8 13.9 12.1 1.8 Amortization of investment in affiliate step-up (b) 
 6.4 1.5 4.9 6.5 1.6 4.9 Debt extinguishment costs 26.9 6.6 20.3 Net loss on asset disposals (c) 
 3.6 0.9 2.7 5.7 1.4 4.3 Foreign currency exchange loss (d) 
 1.4 0.4 1.0 4.7 1.0 3.7 LIFO benefit (e) 
 (0.2) (0.1) (0.1) (1.9) (0.5) (1.4) Transaction and other related costs (f) 
 7.0 1.1 5.9 2.0 0.5 1.5 Equity-based compensation 20.6 (0.1) 20.7 31.8 7.7 24.1 Restructuring, integration and business optimization expenses (g) 
 11.6 2.8 8.8 3.9 0.7 3.2 Other (h) 
 (0.7) (0.2) (0.5) 1.8 0.7 1.1 Adjusted Net Income, including Impact of Discrete Tax Items 144.4 31.2 113.2 95.3 31.8 63.5 Impact of Discrete Tax Items (3) 
 (6.1) 6.1 Adjusted Net Income 144.4 31.2 113.2 95.3 25.7 69.6 
 
 (1) We define adjusted net inco me as net income attributable to Ecovyst Inc. adjusted for non-operating income or expense and the impact of certain non-cash or other items that are included in net income that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. Adjusted net income is presented as a key performance indicator as we believe it will enhance a prospective investor s understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. Adjusted net income may not be comparable with net income or adjusted net income as defined by other companies. 
 (2) Ref er to the Adjusted EBITDA notes above for more information with respect to each adjustment. 
 (3) Represents intra-period allocation rules related to a change in the UK legislature, which increased the UK corporate rate as well as an uncertain tax position related to a foreign entity. 
 The adjustments to net income attributable to Ecovyst Inc. are shown net of each applicable statutory tax rates. 
 52 

Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Highlights 
 The following is a summary of our financial performance for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Sales 
 Sales increased 115.3 million to 611.2 million. The increase in sales was primarily due to higher sales volumes and pass-through of higher sulfur pricing. The higher volumes were primarily the result of stronger demand for polyethylene catalysts and higher volume for regeneration services. The global macroeconomic recovery supported demand across both business segments. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit increased 25.8 million to 176.7 million. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to higher sales volumes across the portfolio and favorable product mix. These factors more than offset headwinds from higher variable costs and elevated fixed costs driven by Winter Storm Uri in early 2021. Inflationary factors increased through the year, namely from higher sulfur and energy costs, but customer contractual pass-through mechanisms preserved earnings in Ecoservices, while targeted price increases served to mitigate cost pressures in Catalyst Technologies. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating income increased by 3.0 million to 54.6 million. The increase in operating income was primarily due to an increase in gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Equity in Net Income from Affiliated Companies 
 Equity in net income from affiliated companies for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 27.7 million, compared with net income of 21.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was due to higher earnings of 6.4 million generated by the Zeolyst Joint Venture during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 53 

The following is our consolidated statement of income and a summary of financial results for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Years ended December 31, Change 2021 2020 (in millions, except percentages) Sales 611.2 495.9 115.3 23.3 Cost of goods sold 434.5 345.0 89.5 25.9 Gross profit 176.7 150.9 25.8 17.1 Gross profit margin 28.9 30.4 Selling, general and administrative expenses 97.8 81.5 16.3 20.0 Other operating expense, net 24.3 17.8 6.5 36.5 Operating income 54.6 51.6 3.0 5.8 Operating income margin 8.9 10.4 Equity in net income from affiliated companies (27.7) (21.0) (6.7) 31.9 Interest expense, net 37.0 50.4 (13.4) (26.6) Debt extinguishment costs 26.9 25.0 1.9 7.6 Other expense (income), net 4.5 (5.0) 9.5 (190.0) Income from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interest 13.9 2.2 11.7 531.8 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 12.1 (52.1) 64.2 (123.2) Effective tax rate 87.1 (2,350.6) Net income from continuing operations 1.8 54.3 (52.5) (96.7) Net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax (141.4) (336.0) 194.6 (57.9) Net loss (139.6) (281.7) 142.1 (50.4) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interest - discontinued operations 0.3 (2.9) 3.2 (110.3) Net loss attributable to Ecovyst Inc. (139.9) (278.8) 138.9 (49.8) 
 Sales Years ended December 31, Change 2021 2020 (in millions, except percentages) Sales: Ecoservices 500.5 401.9 98.6 24.5 Catalyst Technologies 110.7 94.0 16.7 17.8 Total sales 611.2 495.9 115.3 23.3 
 
 54 

Ecoservices : Sales in Ecoservices for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 500.5 million, an increase of 98.6 million, or 24.5 , compared to sales of 401.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in sales was primarily due to the contribution from higher sales volumes of 29.2 million and higher average selling prices aggregating 69.4 million, including pass-through of higher sulfur costs of 49.0 million. 
 The increase in volumes was due to a higher demand for regeneration services on the recovery from the global pandemic and improved virgin sulfuric acid used in mining and industrial uses , as well as sales related to the Chem32 acquisition . The favorable pricing was primarily driven by pass-through of higher sulfur costs and higher labor and energy indexed costs. 
 Catalyst Technologies : Sales in Catalyst Technologies for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 110.7 million, an increase of 16.7 million, or 17.8 , compared to sales of 94.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in sales was primarily due to higher sales volumes of 14.0 million, higher average selling price from product mix of 1.1 million and the favorable effects of foreign currency translation of 1.6 million. 
 The increase in volumes was due to continued strong customer demand for polyethylene catalysts. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 176.7 million, an increase of 25.8 million, or 17.1 , compared with 150.9 million for the y ear ended December 31, 2020. The increase in gross profit was due to higher average selling prices aggregating 119.5 million and the contribution from higher sales volume of 22.1 million, which was partially offset by unfavorable manufacturing costs of 123.9 million, including approximately 49.0 million of higher sulfur costs. 
 Favorable customer pricing was primarily a result of higher average selling prices from pass-through costs and product mix. The increase in volumes was due to an increase in regeneration services, virgin sulfuric acid sales and increased demand for polyethylene catalysts. The unfavorable change in raw materials were driven by higher sulfur costs of 49.0 million. The unfavorable change in manufacturing costs were driven by the timing of plant maintenance projects and higher fixed costs arising from the impact of Winter Storm Uri in the Gulf Coast . 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 97.8 million, an increase of 16.3 million compared with 81.5 million for t he year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to an increase in stock compensation expense and compensation related expenses, partially offset by lower discretionary spending. 
 Other Operating Expense, Net 
 Other operating expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 24.3 million, an increase of 6.5 million, or 36.5 , compared with 17.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in o ther operating expense, net was primarily due to an increase in amortization expense from the Chem32 acquisition. 
 Equity in Net Income of Affiliated Companies 
 Equity in net income of affiliated companies for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 27.7 million, an increase of 6.7 million, compared with income of 21.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to 33.0 million of earnings generated by the Zeolyst Joint Venture during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 26.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 which was a result of higher demand for catalyst used in renewable fuels and emission control catalysts, partially offset by lower specialty and hydrocracking catalyst on timing of customer fixed bed change-outs. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest ex pense, net for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 37.0 million, a decrease of 13.4 million, as compared with 50.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in interest expense was due to lower interest rates on our variable rate debt along with lower average debt balances. 
 
 55 

Debt Extinguishment Costs 
 Debt extinguishment costs for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were 26.9 million and 25.0 million, respectively. 
 Effective on August 1, 2021, we completed the sale of our Performance Chemicals business which triggered an obligation to provide partial payment under our 2018 Term Loan Facility and pay in full our 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes. As a result of the required payments, previous unamortized deferred financing costs of 3.1 million and original issue discount of 3.6 million were written off as debt extinguishment costs. 
 On December 14, 2020, we completed the sale of our Performance Materials business which triggered an obligation to provide partial payment under our existing senior secured term loan facilities. As a result of the required payments, previous unamortized deferred financing costs of 2.7 million and original issue discount of 5.8 million were written off as debt extinguishment costs. 
 On July 22, 2020, we entered into an agreement for a new senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of 650.0 million, which was used to repay the remaining outstanding balance of 625.0 million on the 6.75 Senior Secured Notes due 2022. In conjunction with the issuance of the senior secured term loan facility, we paid 10.6 million in prepayment premiums and recorded 0.1 million of new creditor and third-party financing fees as debt extinguishment costs. In addition, previous unamortized deferred financing costs of 2.1 million and original issue discount of 1.2 million associated with the 6.75 Senior Secured Notes due 2022 were written off as debt extinguishment costs. 
 On February 7, 2020, we amended our 2018 Term Loan Facility to reduce the applicable interest rates and extend the maturity of the facility to February 2027. We recorded 2.2 million of new creditor and third-party financing fees as debt extinguishment costs. In addition, previously unamortized deferred financing costs of 0.1 million and original issue discount of 0.2 million associated with the 2018 Term Loan Facility were written off as debt extinguishment costs. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020 , we prepaid 466.1 million of outstanding principal balance on the 2018 Term Loan Facility and a redemption premium of 10.6 million on the 6.75 Senior Secured Notes. In connection with the 2018 Term Loan Facility prepayment, we wrote off 0.2 million of previously unamortized deferred financing costs and original issue discount of 12.8 million as debt extinguishment costs. In connection with the 6.75 Senior Secured Notes, we wrote off 2 million of previously unamortized deferred financing costs and original issue discount of 1 million as debt extinguishment costs. 
 Other Expense (Income), Net 
 Other expense (income), net was expense of 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an unfavorable change of 9.5 million, compared with income of 5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The change primarily consisted of 4.7 million of foreign currency losses on the non-permanent intercompany debt denominated in local currency and translated to U.S. dollars and transactional currency translation in the current year period as compared to foreign currency gain of 5.3 million in the prior year period. 
 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 The provision (benefit) for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 12.1 million provision compared to a 52.1 million benefit for the year ended December 31, 2020. The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 87.1 compared to (2,350.6) for the year ended December 31, 2020. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and our effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 was mainly due to the impact of the Global Intangible Low Taxed Income GILTI provisions of U.S. tax reform and the impact of intra-period allocation as a result of the Performance Chemicals business being classified as held for sale. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and our effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2020 was mainly due to state and local taxes, GILTI, foreign tax credit benefit and the impact of intra-period allocation as a result of the Performance Chemicals and Performance Materials businesses being classified as held for sale. 
 Net Loss Attributable to Ecovyst Inc. 
 For the foregoing reasons and after the effect of the non-controlling interest in earnings of subsidiaries for each period presented, net loss attributable to Ecovyst Inc. was 139.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to a net income of 278.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 56 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 Summarized EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA information is shown below in the following table: 
 Years ended December 31, Change 2021 2020 (in millions, except percentages) Adjusted EBITDA (1) : 
 Ecoservices 177.7 157.2 20.5 13.0 Catalyst Technologies (2) 
 88.0 74.5 13.5 18.1 Unallocated corporate expenses (38.1) (39.1) 1.0 (2.6) Total 227.6 192.6 35.0 18.2 
 
 (1) We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA adjusted for certain items as noted in the reconciliation below. Our management evaluates the performance of our segments and allocates resources based primarily on Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA does not represent cash flow for periods presented and should not be considered as an alternative to net income as an indicator of our operating performance or as an alternative to cash flows as a source of liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable with EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA as defined by other companies. 
 (2) The Adjusted EBITDA from the Zeolyst Joint Venture included in the Catalyst Technologies segment is 49.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which includes 27.8 million of equity in net income, excluding 6.5 million of amortization of investment in affiliate step-up plus 15.6 million of joint venture depreciation, amortization and interest. The Adjusted EBITDA from the Zeolyst Joint Venture included in the Catalyst Technologies segment is 42.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which includes 21.2 million of equity in net income, excluding 6.6 million of amortization of investment in affiliate step-up, plus 14.7 million of joint venture depreciation, amortization and interest. 
 Ecoservices : Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 177.7 million, an increase of 20.5 million, or 13.0 , compared with 157.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Ecoservices adjusted EBITDA increased due to higher regeneration services, favorable pricing, improved cost efficiencies and the benefit of the Chem32 acquisition. 
 Catalyst Technologies : Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 88.0 million, an increase of 13.5 million, or 18.1 , compared with 74.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Adjusted EBITDA increased due to improved volume on the continued strong demand for polyethylene catalysts, increased demand for catalysts used in renewable fuel applications and higher sales of emission control catalysts and more favorable product mix. 
 57 

A reconciliation of net income attributable to Ecovyst Inc. to Adjusted EBITDA is as follows: 
 Years ended December 31, 2021 2020 (in millions) Reconciliation of net income attributable to Ecovyst Inc. to Adjusted EBITDA Net income from continuing operations 1.8 54.3 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 12.1 (52.1) Interest expense, net 37.0 50.4 Depreciation and amortization 79.7 76.9 EBITDA 130.6 129.5 Joint venture depreciation, amortization and interest (a) 
 15.6 14.7 Amortization of investment in affiliate step-up (b) 
 6.5 6.6 Debt extinguishment costs 26.9 25.0 Net loss on asset disposals (c) 
 5.7 4.7 Foreign currency exchange loss (gain) (d) 
 4.7 (5.3) LIFO benefit (e) 
 (1.9) (5.3) Transaction and other related costs (f) 
 2.0 1.1 Equity-based compensation 31.8 17.2 Restructuring, integration and business optimization expenses (g) 
 3.9 2.0 Other (h) 
 1.8 2.4 Adjusted EBITDA 227.6 192.6 
 
 (a) We use Adjusted EBITDA as a performance measure to evaluate our financial results. Because our Catalyst Technologies segment includes our 50 interest in the Zeolyst Joint Venture, we include an adjustment for our 50 proportionate share of depreciation, amortization and interest expense of the Zeolyst Joint Venture. 
 (b) Represents the amortization of the fair value adjustments associated with the equity affiliate investment in the Zeolyst Joint Venture as a result of the combination of the businesses of PQ Holdings Inc. and Eco Services Operations LLC in May 2016 (the Business Combination ). We determined the fair value of the equity affiliate investment and the fair value step-up was then attributed to the underlying assets of the Zeolyst Joint Venture. Amortization is primarily related to the fair value adjustments associated with fixed assets and intangible assets, including customer relationships and technical know-how. 
 (c) When asset disposals occur, we remove the impact of net gain/loss of the disposed asset because such impact primarily reflects the non-cash write-off of long-lived assets no longer in use. 
 (d) Reflects the exclusion of the foreign currency transaction gains and losses in the statements of income related to the non-permanent intercompany debt denominated in local currency translated to U.S. dollars. 
 (e) Represents non-cash adjustments to the Company s LIFO reserves for certain inventories in the U.S. that are valued using the LIFO method, which we believe provides a means of comparison to other companies that may not use the same basis of accounting for inventories. 
 (f) Relates to certain transaction costs, including debt financing, due diligence and other costs related to transactions that are completed, pending or abandoned and that we believe are not representative of our ongoing business operations. 
 (g) Includes the impact of restructuring, integration and business optimization expenses which are incremental costs that are not representative of our ongoing business operations. 
 58 

(h) Other costs consist of adjustments for defined benefit pension plan (benefit) costs and certain expenses that are not core to our ongoing business operations, including environmental remediation-related costs, capital and franchise taxes. All of our defined benefit pension plan obligations are under defined benefit pension plans that are frozen. Included in this line-item are rounding discrepancies that may arise from rounding from dollars (in thousands) to dollars (in millions) 
 
 Adjusted Net Income 
 Summarized adjusted net income information is shown below in the following table: 
 Years ended December 31, 2021 2020 Pre-tax Tax expense (benefit) After-tax Pre-tax Tax expense (benefit) After-tax (in millions) Reconciliation of net (loss) income attributable to Ecovyst Inc. to Adjusted Net Income (1)(2) 
 Net income attributable to Ecovyst Inc. 13.9 12.1 1.8 2.2 (52.1) 54.3 Amortization of investment in affiliate step-up (b) 
 6.5 1.6 4.9 6.6 1.7 4.9 Debt extinguishment costs 26.9 6.6 20.3 25.0 6.3 18.7 Net loss on asset disposals (c) 
 5.7 1.4 4.3 4.7 1.2 3.5 Foreign currency exchange loss (gain) (d) 
 4.7 1.0 3.7 (5.3) (0.6) (4.7) LIFO benefit (e) 
 (1.9) (0.5) (1.4) (5.3) (1.3) (4.0) Transaction and other related costs (f) 
 2.0 0.5 1.5 1.1 0.3 0.8 Equity-based compensation 31.8 7.7 24.1 17.2 4.0 13.2 Restructuring, integration and business optimization expenses (g) 
 3.9 0.7 3.2 2.0 0.5 1.5 Other (h) 
 1.8 0.7 1.1 2.4 0.5 1.9 Adjusted Net Income, including Impact of Discrete Tax Items 95.3 31.8 63.5 50.6 (39.5) 90.1 Impact of Discrete Tax Items (3) 
 (6.1) 6.1 Adjusted Net Income 95.3 25.7 69.6 50.6 (39.5) 90.1 
 
 (1) We define adjusted net income as net (loss) income attributable to Ecovyst Inc. adjusted for non-operating income or expense and the impact of certain non-cash or other items that are included in net income that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. Adjusted net income is presented as a key performance indicator as we believe it will enhance a prospective investor s understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. Adjusted net income may not be comparable with net income or adjusted net income as defined by other companies. 
 (2) Refer to the Adjusted EBITDA notes above for more information with respect to each adjustment. 
 (3) Represents intraperiod allocation rules related to a change in the UK legislature, which increased the UK corporate rate as well as an uncertain tax position related to a foreign entity. 
 The adjustments to net income attributable to Ecovyst Inc. are shown net of each applicable statutory tax rates. 
 59 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of liquidity consist of cash flow from operations, existing cash balances as well as funds available under our asset based lending revolving credit facility ABL Facility ). We expect that ongoing requirements for debt service and capital expenditures will be funded from these sources of funds. Our primary liquidity requirements include funding working capital requirements (primarily inventory and accounts receivable, net of accounts payable and other accrued liabilities), debt service requirements and capital expenditures. Our capital expenditures include both maintenance of business, which includes spending on maintenance and health, safety and environmental initiatives as well as growth, which includes spending to drive organic sales growth and cost savings initiatives. 
 We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and cash flows from operations, combined with availability under our ABL Facility, will be sufficient to meet our presently anticipated future cash needs for at least the next 12 months. We may also pursue strategic acquisition opportunities, which may impact our future cash requirements. We may, from time to time, increase borrowings under our ABL Facility to meet our future cash needs. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 110.9 million and availability of 59.7 million under our ABL Facility, after giving effect to 4.0 million of outstanding letters of credit and no revolving credit facility borrowings, for a total available liquidity of 170.6 million. 
 Our ABL Facility has one financial covenant to maintain. The first ratio compares the total ABL availability against a threshold: the greater of 10 of the line cap (which is defined as the lesser of our revolving loan commitments and the value of our assets) or 20.0 million. The greater of this threshold cannot be greater than the total availability of the ABL Facility. The second ratio compares the ABL Facility availability of the U.S. revolving credit facility against a 15.0 million threshold. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under our debt agreements. 
 The 2021 Term Loan Facility and the ABL Facility contain various non-financial restrictive covenants. Each limits the ability of the Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries to incur certain indebtedness or liens, merge, consolidate or liquidate, dispose of certain property, make investments or declare or pay dividends, make optional payments, modify certain debt instruments, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, enter into certain sales and leasebacks, and certain other non-financial restrictive covenants. During such time, the Company is required to maintain a fixed-charge coverage ratio of at least 1.0 to 1.0. The Company is in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Included in our cash and cash equivalents balance as of December 31, 2022 was 17.6 million of cash and cash equivalents held in foreign jurisdictions. We repatriate cash held outside of the United States from certain foreign subsidiaries in order to meet domestic liquidity needs. Depending on domestic and foreign cash balances, we have certain flexibility to repatriate funds in order to meet domestic liquidity needs. In certain cases, the repatriation of foreign cash under previous U.S. tax law had generally been subject to U.S. income taxes at the time of cash distribution. Due to the enactment of the TCJA in December 2017, our overseas earnings repatriation will generally no longer be subject to U.S. federal income taxes at the time of cash distribution. However, future earnings may still be taxed for foreign and state income tax purposes. 
 Over the course of the next twelve months and beyond, we anticipate making significant cash payments for known contractual and other obligations, including: 
 Principal and interest on long-term debt 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness was 886.5 million, with up to 59.7 million of available borrowings under our ABL. Our liquidity requirements are significant, primarily due to debt service requirements. As reported, our cash interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately 35.4 million, 59.0 million and 90.3 million, respectively. Before any impact of hedges, a one percent change in assumed interest rates for our variable interest credit facilities would have an annual impact of approximately 8.9 million on interest expense. The principal balance due in the next twelve months is 9.0 million. 
 Interest payments due within the next twelve months are 59.5 million using the interest rate effective as of December 31, 2022 on our variable interest credit facilities. Interest on long-term debt excludes amortization of deferred financing fees and original issue discount. The actual interest payments may differ materially based on actual amounts of long-term debt outstanding and actual interest rates in future periods, as well as the hedging impact from our interest rate cap agreements. 
 
 60 

Subject to approval by our board of directors, we may raise additional capital or borrowings from time to time or seek to refinance our existing debt. There can be no assurances that future capital or borrowings will be available to us, and the cost and availability of new capital or borrowings could be materially impacted by market conditions. Further, the decision to refinance our existing debt is based on a number of factors, including general market conditions and our ability to refinance on attractive terms at any given point in time. Any attempts to raise additional capital or borrowings or refinance our existing debt could cause us to incur significant charges. Such charges could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Cash Flow Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Continuing Operations Net cash provided by (used in) Operating activities 180.4 137.3 140.1 Investing activities (63.0) 875.7 571.8 Financing activities (148.1) (963.1) (720.2) Discontinued Operations Net cash provided by (used in) Operating activities 6.3 (7.4) 83.5 Investing activities (40.0) (20.3) Financing activities (1.1) (2.6) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (5.5) 2.3 11.1 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (29.9) 3.7 63.4 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 140.9 137.2 73.9 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 111.0 140.9 137.3 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Continuing Operations Net income 69.8 1.8 54.3 Non-cash and non-operating activities (1) 
 114.3 156.6 74.6 Changes in working capital (2.2) (18.1) 14.5 Other operating activities (1.5) (3.0) (3.3) Net cash provided by operating activities, continuing operations 180.4 137.3 140.1 
 
 (1) Includes depreciation, amortization, amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discount, debt extinguishment costs, foreign currency exchange gains and losses, pension and postretirement healthcare benefit expense and funding, deferred income tax benefit and provision, net losses on asset disposals, stock compensation, equity in net income and dividends received from affiliated companies. 
 61 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Continuing Operations Working capital changes that provided (used) cash: Receivables 5.4 (33.5) 7.0 Inventories 9.9 0.6 (3.0) Prepaids and other current assets (7.8) (1.4) Accounts payable (10.1) 10.0 6.9 Accrued liabilities (7.4) 12.6 5.0 (2.2) (18.1) 14.5 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Continuing Operations Purchases of property, plant and equipment (58.9) (60.0) (54.8) Proceeds from business divestitures, net of cash 978.4 624.3 Payments for business divestiture (3.7) Proceeds from sale of assets 2.4 Business combinations, net of cash acquired (0.5) (42.6) Other, net 0.1 (0.1) (0.1) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities, continuing operations (63.0) 875.7 571.8 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Continuing Operations Net cash repayments on debt obligations (9.0) (542.9) (470.3) Dividends paid to stockholders (435.6) (243.7) Other financing activities (139.1) 15.4 (6.2) Net cash used in financing activities, continuing operations (148.1) (963.1) (720.2) 

62 

The following discussions related to our cash flows are presented on a continuing operations basis, which excludes the cash flows from our former Performance Chemicals and Performance Materials businesses, which are accounted for as discontinued operations. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 180.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 137.3 million provided for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash generated by net income and non-working capital related activities was higher during the year ended December 31, 2022 by 27.2 million compared to the prior year. Cash used by working capital during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.2 million, favorable compared to cash used of 18.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The increase in cash generated by net income and non-working capital related activities of 27.2 million as compared to the prior year period was primarily due to an increase in gross profit driven by higher sales volumes and higher average selling price. In the year ended December 31, 2021, the non-working capital activity included debt extinguishment costs. 
 The 15.9 million increase in cash from working capital as compared to the prior year was primarily due to favorable changes in accounts receivable, inventories, and prepaids, which were offset by unfavorable changes in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
 The favorable change in accounts receivable was driven by the increase in sales volumes and higher pass-through pricing within our Ecoservices segment and the timing of sales within our Catalyst Technologies segment. The favorable change in prepaid and other current assets relates to the timing of receivables from related parties, the timing of insurance prepayments, an employee retention credit, and interest receivable on our interest rate caps. The increase in cash provided by inventory was due to the increase in sales within our Ecoservices and Catalyst Technologies segment in the current year period. The unfavorable change in accounts payable is due to the increase in sulfur costs and higher purchase volume. The unfavorable change in accrued liabilities relates to changes in various accruals. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 63.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash provided of 875.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used in investing activities consisted of 58.9 million and 60.0 million to fund capital expenditures during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we divested our Performance Chemicals business and received 978.4 million in net proceeds and acquired Chem32 LLC for 42.6 million. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 148.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 963.1 million used during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result of the sale of the Performance Chemicals business, net cash used in financing activities was driven by 542.9 million in net repayments of our debt and revolving credit facility and a dividend payment of 3.20 per common share, which resulted in a cash outflow of 435.6 million. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 137.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 140.1 million provided for the year ended December 31, 2020. Cash generated by net income and non-working capital related activities was higher during the year ended December 31, 2021 by 29.8 million compared to the prior year. Cash used by working capital during the year ended December 31, 2021 was unfavorable compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Working capital for the year ended December 31, 2021 used cash of 18.1 million, compared to cash provided of 14.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The increase in cash generated by net income and non-working capital related activities of 29.8 million as compared to the prior year period was primarily due to an increase in gross profit driven by higher sales volumes. 
 The 32.6 million decrease in cash from working capital as compared to the prior year was primarily due to favorable changes in accrued liabilities, inventories, and accounts payables, which were offset by unfavorable changes in accounts receivable and prepaids. 
 The unfavorable change in accounts receivable was driven by the increase in sales volumes and higher pass-through pricing within our Ecoservices segment and the timing of sales within our Catalyst Technologies segment. The unfavorable change in prepaid and other current assets relates to the timing of receivables from related parties and the timing of insurance prepayments. The increase in cash provided by inventory was due to the increase in sales within our 
 63 

Catalyst Technologies segment in the current year period. The favorable change in accounts payable is due to the timing of vendor payments as well as capital spending. The favorable change in accrued liabilities relates to changes in various accruals. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 875.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to net cash provided of 571.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. Cash used in investing activities consisted of 60.0 million and 54.8 million to fund capital expenditures during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we divested our Performance Chemicals business and received 978.4 million in net proceeds and acquired Chem32 LLC for 42.6 million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we divested our Performance Materials business and received 624.3 million in net proceeds. We received proceeds of 2.4 million related to the sale of non-core assets during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 963.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to net cash used of 720.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. Net cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by 542.9 million and 470.3 million in net repayments of our debt and revolving credit facility made during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as a result of our sales of the Performance Chemicals and Performance Material businesses. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid a dividend of 3.20 per common share, which resulted in a cash outflow of 435.6 million, from the sale of the Performance Chemicals business. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we paid a dividend of 1.80 per common share, which resulted in a cash outflow of 243.7 million, from the sale of the Performance Materials business. 
 Debt December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Senior Secured Term Loan Facility due June 2028 (the "2021 Term Loan Facility") 886.5 895.5 ABL Facility Total debt 886.5 895.5 Original issue discount (7.5) (8.8) Deferred financing costs (4.1) (4.9) Total debt, net of original issue discount and deferred financing costs 874.9 881.8 Less: current portion (9.0) (9.0) Total long-term debt, excluding current portion 865.9 872.8 
 As of December 31, 2022 our total debt was 886.5 million excluding the original issue discount of 7.5 million and deferred financing fees of 4.1 million for our senior secured credit facilities and notes. Our net debt was 775.6 million, including cash of 110.9 million. Our total available liquidity as of December 31, 2022 was 170.6 million, which represents our cash on hand of 110.9 million plus our excess availability under our ABL of 59.7 million, after giving effect to 4.0 million of outstanding letters of credit and no revolving credit facility borrowings. We may seek, subject to market conditions and other factors, opportunities to repurchase, refinance or otherwise reprice our debt. 
 ABL Facility 
 On May 4, 2016, we entered a 200.0 million senior secured ABL facility, which provided for 200.0 million in revolving credit commitment (the ABL Facility ). 
 On March 20, 2020, we amended the ABL Facility to increase the aggregate amount of the revolving loan commitments available by 50.0 million to 250.0 million, consisting of up to 195.0 million in U.S. commitments, up to 15.0 million in Canadian commitments and up to 40.0 million in European commitments. The maturity of the facility was extended to March 20, 2025. In addition, there was annual commitment fee equal to 0.375 , with a step-down to 0.25 based on average usage of the revolving credit borrowings available. 
 
 64 

On June 9, 2021, we amended the ABL Facility to decrease the aggregate amount of revolving loan commitments available to 100.0 million, consisting of 90.0 million in U.S. commitments and 10.0 million in European commitments and extended the maturity date to August 2, 2026. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no revolving credit borrowings under the ABL Facility. Revolving credit borrowings are payable at our option throughout the term of the ABL Facility with the balance due August 2, 2026. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We have the availability to request letters of credit under the ABL Facility. We had 4.0 million of letters of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2022, which reduce available borrowings under the ABL Facility by such amounts. 
 On February 17, 2023, we amended the ABL Facility to replace LIBOR with a secured overnight financing rate SOFR as the benchmark interest rate with respect to U.S. dollar-denominated borrowings. Following this amendment, U.S. dollar-denominated borrowings under the ABL Facility bear interest at a rate equal to an adjusted SOFR rate or the base rate plus a margin of between 1.25 and 1.75 or 0.25 to 0.75 , respectively. 
 2021 Term Loan Facility 
 On June 9, 2021, we entered into an agreement for a senior secured term loan facility (the 2021 Term Loan Facility for an aggregate principal amount of 900.0 million, with an original issue discount of 0.25 and interest at a floating rate of LIBOR (with a 0.50 minimum LIBOR floor) plus 2.75 per annum, with a maturity date of June 9, 2028. The proceeds from the 2021 Term Loan Facility were used to repay the 2020 Term Loan Facility (as defined below) in full and partially repay the 2018 Term Loan Facility (as defined below). 
 On February 9, 2023, we amended the 2021 Term Loan Facility to replace LIBOR with SOFR as the benchmark interest rate. Following this amendment, the 2021 Term Loan Facility bears interest at an adjusted SOFR rate (with a 0.50 minimum floor) plus 2.75 per annum (or, depending on the Borrower s first lien net leverage ratio, 2.50 ). 
 2020 Term Loan Facility Repaid in 2021 
 On July 22, 2020, we entered into an agreement for a senior secured term loan facility (the 2020 Term Loan Facility for an aggregate principal amount of 650.0 million. The proceeds were used to redeem our existing 625.0 million of 6.75 Senior Secured Notes due 2022 and pay the associated early redemption premiums. The 2020 Term Loan Facility was fully repaid with the proceeds of the 2021 Term Loan Facility. 
 2018 Term Loan Facility Repaid in 2021 
 On February 8, 2018, we entered into an agreement for a senior secured term loan facility (the 2018 Term Loan Facility for an aggregate principal amount of 1,267.0 million. The 2018 Term Loan Facility was amended on February 7, 2020, partially repaid on June 9, 2021 with a portion of the proceeds of the 2021 Term Loan Facility, and fully repaid on August 1, 2021 with a portion of the proceeds from the sale of our Performance Chemicals business. 
 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2025 - Redeemed in 2021 
 On December 11, 2017, we issued 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2025 (the 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes ). The 5.750 Senior Notes were redeemed at a redemption price equal to the sum of 102.875 of the principal amount outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, August 2, 2021. 

65 

Capital Expenditures 
 Maintenance capital expenditures include spending on maintenance of business, health, safety and environmental initiatives. Growth capital expenditures include spending to drive organic sales growth and cost savings initiatives. These capital expenditures represent our book capital expenditures for which the company has recorded, but not necessarily paid for the capital expenditures. 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Maintenance capital expenditures 46.9 42.8 36.0 Growth capital expenditures 9.0 19.6 10.2 Total capital expenditures 55.9 62.4 46.2 
 Capital expenditures remained at a level sufficient for required maintenance and certain expansion growth initiatives during these periods. Maintenance capital expenditures were higher in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 due to higher turnaround expenditures. Growth capital expenditures are lower in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 due to the completion of several expansion projects in 2021. 
 Pension Funding 
 We paid an immaterial amount in cash contributions into our defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement plans in December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and 3.3 million in 2020. The net periodic pension and postretirement expense was 1.0 million, 0.3 million, and 0.4 million for those same periods, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our pension plans and other post-retirement benefit plans were underfunded by 6.7 million and 4.2 million, respectively. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We had 4.0 million and 17.5 million of outstanding letters of credit on our revolver facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP and our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other relevant factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We review these matters and reflect changes in estimates as appropriate. We have identified below the accounting policies, estimates and critical judgment areas that we believe could have a material effect on our financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as we fulfill our obligations under our agreements, we perform the following steps: (i) identify the contract with the customer; (ii) determine whether the promised goods or services are performance obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measure the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations based on estimated selling prices; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy each performance obligation. 
 We identify a contract when an agreement with a customer creates legally enforceable rights and obligations, which occurs when a contract has been approved by both parties, the parties are committed to perform their respective obligations, each party s rights and payment terms are clearly identified, commercial substance exists and it is probable that we will collect the consideration to which we are entitled. 
 66 

Evidence of a contract with a customer may take the form of a master service agreement MSA ), a MSA in combination with an underlying purchase order, a combination of a pricing quote with an underlying purchase order or an individual purchase order received from a customer. Certain of our customers enter into MSAs that establish the terms, including prices, under which orders to purchase goods may be placed. In cases where the MSA contains a distinct order for goods or contains an enforceable minimum quantity to be purchased by the customer, we consider the MSA to be evidence of a contract with a customer as the MSA creates enforceable rights and obligations. In cases where the MSA does not contain a distinct order for goods, evidence of a contract with a customer is the purchase order issued under the MSA. Our customers may also negotiate orders via pricing quotes, which typically detail product pricing, delivery terms and payment information. When a customer procures goods under this method, we consider the combination of the pricing quote and the purchase order to create enforceable rights and obligations. Absent either a MSA or pricing quote, we consider an individual purchase order to create enforceable rights and obligations. 
 We identify a performance obligation in a contract for each promised good that is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract and for which the customer can benefit from the good. The majority of our contracts have a single performance obligation, which is the promise to transfer individual goods to the customer. Certain of our contracts include multiple performance obligations under which the purchase price for each distinct performance obligation is defined in the contract. These distinct performance obligations may include stand-ready provisions, which are arrangements to provide a customer assurance that they will have access to output from our manufacturing facilities, or monthly reservations of capacity fees. We consider stand-ready provisions and reservation of capacity fees to be performance obligations satisfied over time. Revenues related to stand-ready provisions and reservation of capacity fees are recognized on a ratable basis throughout the contract term and billed to the customer on a monthly basis. 
 As described above, our MSAs with our customers may outline prices for individual products or contract provisions. MSAs in the our Ecoservices segment may contain provisions whereby raw materials costs are passed-through to the customer per the terms of their contract. Our exposure to fluctuations in raw materials prices is limited, as the majority of pass-through contract provisions reset based on fluctuations in the underlying raw material price. MSAs in our Ecoservices segment also contain take-or-pay arrangements, whereby the customer would incur a penalty in the form of a shortfall volume fee. Currently there is no history in which customers fail to meet the contractual minimum. Revenue from product sales are recorded at the sales price, which includes estimates of variable consideration for which reserves are established and which result from discounts, returns or other allowances that are offered within contracts with our customers. 
 We recognize revenues when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with our customer are satisfied, which generally occurs at a point in time by transferring control of a product to the customer. We determine the point in time when a customer obtains control of a product and we satisfy the performance obligation by considering factors including when we have a right to payment for the product, the customer has legal title to the product, we have transferred possession of the product, the customer has assumed the risks and rewards of ownership of the product and the customer has accepted the product. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods. We do not have any significant payment terms as payment is received at, or shortly after, the point of sale. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Assets and liabilities of acquired businesses are measured at their estimated fair values at the dates of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired, including identified intangibles, is recorded as goodwill. The determination and allocation of fair value to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is based on various assumptions and valuation methodologies requiring considerable management judgment, including estimates based on historical information, current market data and future expectations. 
 Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances exist that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. In performing tests for goodwill impairment, we are able to use our discretion to first perform an optional qualitative assessment about the likelihood of the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeding its fair value. The qualitative assessment need not be applied to all reporting units. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount based on the qualitative assessment, we perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test to identify the potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of the goodwill impairment loss, if any, to be recognized for that reporting unit. For the annual 
 67 

assessments in 2022 and 2021, we bypassed the option to perform the qualitative assessment and proceeded directly to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test for each of our reporting units. The quantitative test identifies both the potential existence of impairment and the amount of impairment loss. 
 In applying the quantitative test, the Company calculates and compares the reporting unit s estimated fair value to its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not impaired. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. An impairment loss cannot exceed the carrying value of goodwill assigned to a reporting unit and the loss establishes a new basis in the goodwill. Subsequent reversal of an impairment loss is not permitted. 
 For the purposes of the quantitative goodwill impairment test, we determine the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of a market approach and an income, or discounted cash flow, approach. Estimating the fair value of a reporting unit requires various assumptions including the use of projections of future cash flows and discount rates that reflect the risks associated with achieving those cash flows. The key assumptions used in estimating the fair value are operating margin growth rates, revenue growth rates, the weighted average cost of capital, the perpetual growth rate, and the estimated earnings market multiples of each reporting unit. The market value is estimated using publicly traded comparable company values by applying their most recent annual adjusted EBITDA multiples to the reporting unit s adjusted EBITDA for the trailing twelve months. The income approach value is estimated using a discounted cash flow approach. The assumptions about future cash flows and growth rates are based on our assessment of a number of factors including the reporting unit s recent performance against budget as well as management s ability to execute planned future strategic initiatives. Discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in those future cash flows. 
 For intangible assets other than goodwill, definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives. Intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but rather are tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the intangible asset below its carrying amount. Our indefinite-lived intangible assets include trade names and certain trademarks. Similar to the goodwill impairment test, we may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. If we choose to bypass the qualitative assessment, or if the qualitative assessment indicates that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is more likely than not impaired, a quantitative impairment test must be performed. The quantitative test for indefinite-lived intangible assets is a one-step test comparing the fair value of the asset to its carrying amount. If the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the difference. 
 The unit of accounting used to test our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment is at the reporting unit level. The fair values of our indefinite-lived trade names and trademarks are determined for impairment testing purposes based on an income approach using a discounted cash flow valuation model under a relief from royalty methodology. Significant assumptions under the relief from royalty method include the royalty rate a market participant may assume, projected sales and the discount rate applied to the estimated cash flows. 
 For definite-lived intangible assets, we amortize technical know-how over periods that range from fourteen to twenty years, customer relationships over periods that range from seven to fifteen years, trademarks over a fifteen year period, contracts over periods that range from two to sixteen years, and permits over five years. We perform an impairment review of definite-lived intangible assets when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from its undiscounted future cash flows. The impairment test for definite-lived intangible assets is consistent with the test applied to property, plant and equipment as described in our policy. 
 Assessment of the potential impairment of goodwill and intangible assets is an integral part of our normal ongoing review of operations. Testing for potential impairment of these assets is significantly dependent on numerous assumptions and reflects management's best estimates at a particular point in time. Estimates based on these assumptions may differ significantly from actual results. Changes in factors and assumptions used in assessing potential impairments can have a significant impact on the existence and magnitude of impairments, as well as the time in which such impairments are recognized. 
 In addition, we continually review our diverse portfolio of assets to ensure they are achieving their greatest potential and are aligned with our growth strategy. Strategic decisions involving a particular group of assets may trigger an assessment of the recoverability of the related assets. Such an assessment could result in impairment losses. 
 68 

For further information see Note 16 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. 
 Income Taxes 
 We operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to tax filing requirements and potential audits within these jurisdictions. Our operations and the global complexity of tax regulations require assessments of uncertainties and judgments in estimating taxes we will ultimately pay. The final taxes paid are dependent upon many factors, including negotiations with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions, outcomes of tax litigation and resolution of disputes arising from federal, state and international tax audits in the normal course of business. The resolution of these uncertainties may result in adjustments to our tax assets and tax liabilities. We use the asset and liability method in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements, using statutory tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. We evaluate our deferred tax assets each period to ensure that estimated future taxable income will be sufficient in character (e.g., capital gain versus ordinary income treatment), amount and timing, to result in their realizability. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets, unless it is more likely than not that those assets will be realized. Considerable judgments are required in establishing deferred tax valuation allowances. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences and carryforward deferred tax assets become deductible or utilized. We consider the scheduled reversal of taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. As events and circumstances change, valuation allowances are adjusted within results from operations when applicable. 
 Generally, APB 23 of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), provides guidance with respect to establishing deferred income taxes on earnings from foreign subsidiaries, to the extent that these earnings are considered to be available for repatriation. Further, ASC 740-30 requires that deferred taxes be established with respect to the earnings of a foreign subsidiary, unless existing tax law provides a means by which the investment in a subsidiary can be recovered tax-free. We have determined that we are able repatriate the non-permanently reinvested earnings of our foreign subsidiaries in a tax-free manner. As such, we are able to assert for purposes of ASC 740-30 that no deferred income taxes are needed with respect to earnings from foreign subsidiaries. 
 We recognize net tax benefits under the recognition and measurement criteria of ASC 740, which prescribes requirements and other guidance for financial statement recognition and measurement of positions taken or expected to be taken on tax returns. We recognize a financial statement benefit for positions taken for tax return purposes when it will be more likely than not (i.e. greater than 50 that the positions will be sustained upon tax examination, based solely on the technical merits of the tax positions. Otherwise, no tax benefit is recognized. The tax benefits recognized are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We recognize potential accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Tax examinations are often complex as tax authorities may disagree with the treatment of items reported by us and may require several years to resolve. These accrued liabilities represent a provision for taxes that are reasonably expected to be incurred on the basis of available information but which are not certain. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We grant stock-based compensation awards in connection with our stock incentive plans. Under the terms of the incentive plans, we are authorized to issue equity awards to our employees, directors and affiliates. The grants have taken the form of restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance stock units and stock options. Restricted stock awards provide the recipient with shares of our stock subject to certain vesting requirements. Restricted stock units and performance stock units provide the recipient with the right to receive shares of our stock at a future date if certain vesting conditions are met. Stock option awards provide the recipient the ability to purchase shares of our stock at a given strike price upon the satisfaction of certain vesting requirements. 
 The vesting requirements associated with the awards include a mix of both service and/or performance conditions. Depending on the award and recipient, the service condition may reflect a cliff vesting provision (e.g., 100 vested upon four years of service) or a graded vesting provision (e.g., 33.3 vested each year over a period of three years). Restricted stock awards and stock options issued with performance conditions vest based on the occurrence of a defined liquidity event upon which certain investment funds affiliated with CCMP receive proceeds exceeding certain thresholds. Although achievement of the performance condition is subject to continued service with us, the terms of awards issued 
 69 

with performance conditions stipulate that the performance vesting condition can be attained for a period of six months following separation from service under certain circumstances, depending on the means of separation from the Company and subject to other factors such as individual separation agreements. The same performance vesting condition for our restricted stock awards also governs the achievement of the performance vesting condition for our stock options. The value of the restricted stock awards granted was based on the average of the high and low trading prices of our common stock on the NYSE on the preceding trading day, in accordance with our policy for valuing such awards. 
 In addition to restricted stock awards, we have granted restricted stock units and performance stock units as part of our equity incentive compensation program. Each restricted stock unit provides the recipient with the right to receive a share of common stock subject to graded vesting terms based on service, which generally requires one year of service for members of our board of directors and three years of service for employees. Performance stock units vest upon the achievement of Company-specific financial performance targets and the provision of service through the vesting date. 
 We recognize compensation expense related to our equity awards with service conditions on a straight-line basis over the stated vesting period for each award. Expense related to our equity awards with performance conditions is recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved. No compensation expense has been recognized to-date on any of our restricted stock awards and stock options subject to vesting based on performance conditions, since a liquidity event triggering vesting of the awards has not occurred, nor is it considered probable. 
 The grant date fair value of restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance stock units is based on the value of our common stock as traded on the New York Stock Exchange. The grant date fair value of stock option awards is estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Determining the fair value of stock option awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimates of the average risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, volatility and expected term. Since we have limited experience with respect to historical exercise and forfeiture rates or patterns, we have estimated certain assumptions using acceptable simplified methods and through benchmarking to our peer group of companies. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards and their effect on us. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 Our major market risk exposure is potential losses arising from changing rates and prices regarding foreign currency exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk. The audit committee of our board of directors regularly reviews foreign exchange and interest rate hedging activity, and monitors compliance with our hedging policy. We do not use financial instruments for speculative purposes, and we limit our hedging activity to the underlying economic exposure. 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 Our financial results are subject to the impact of gains and losses on currency translations, which occur when the financial statements of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars. We operate a geographically diverse business with approximately 6 of our sales during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, coming from our international operations in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Because consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, sales or earnings generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar can result in a significant increase or decrease in the amount of those sales and earnings when translated to U.S. dollars. The financial statements of our operations outside the United States, where the local currency is considered to be the functional currency, are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate in effect at each balance sheet date for assets and liabilities and the average exchange rate for each period for sales, expenses, gains, losses and cash flows. The exchange rates between these currencies and the U.S. dollar in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the future. The foreign currency to which we have the most significant exchange rate exposure is the British pound. Sales in this currency represented approximately 5 of our sales during the year ended December 31, 2022. A 10 change in the average British pound to U.S. dollar exchange rate during the year ended December 31, 2022 would have impacted sales by approximately 3.8 million over the same period, or 0.5 of our total sales, assuming product pricing remained constant. The effect of translating foreign subsidiaries balance sheets into U.S. dollars is included in other 
 70 

comprehensive income. The impact of gains and losses on transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the relevant operations are included in other expense (income), net in the consolidated statements of income. Income and expense items are translated at average exchange rates during the year. Net foreign currency exchange gains and losses included in other expense (income), net was a 1.0 million loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. The foreign currency loss realized in the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by the non-permanent intercompany debt denominated in local currency and translated to U.S. dollars, and was principally non-cash in nature. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates on our Senior Secured Credit Facilities. Changes in interest rates will not affect the market value of such debt but will affect the amount of our interest payments over the term of the loans. Likewise, an increase in interest rates could have a material impact on our cash flow. As of December 31, 2022, a 100 basis point increase in assumed interest rates for our variable interest credit facilities, before impact of any hedges, would have an annual impact of approximately 8.9 million on interest expense. 
 We hedge the interest rate fluctuations on debt obligations through interest rate cap agreements. We record the fair value of these hedges as assets or liabilities and the related unre alized gains or losses are deferred in stockholders equity as a component of other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. The interest rate caps had a fair value net asset of 32.3 million and (0.2) million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Fair value is determined based on estimated amounts that would be received or paid to terminate the contracts at the reporting date based on quoted market prices. 
 In July 2016, we entered into interest rate cap agreements, paying a premium of 1.6 million to mitigate interest rate volatility from July 2016 through July 2020 by employing varying cap rates ranging from 1.50 to 3.00 on 1.0 billion of notional variable debt. In November 2018, the Company entered into additional interest rate cap agreements to mitigate interest rate volatility from July 2020 through July 2022, with a cap rate of 3.50 on 500.0 million of notional variable-rate debt and a 0.5 million premium annuitized during the effective period. 
 In February 2020, we restructured our 500.0 million notional interest rate cap agreements from July 31, 2020 through July 31, 2022 to lower the interest cap rate to 2.50 with a 0.1 million premium annuitized during the effective period. In March 2020, we further restructured our 500.0 million notional interest rate cap agreements from July 31, 2020 through July 31, 2022 to lower the interest rate cap to 0.84 with a 0.9 million premium annuitized during the effective period. Including premiums on the original November 2018 agreement and the February and March 2020 restructurings, the total cumulative annuitized premium of 4.4 million will be paid through July 31, 2022 on our interest rate cap agreements. 
 In July 2020, we entered into additional interest rate cap agreements to mitigate interest rate volatility from August 2020 to August 2023, with a cap rate of 1.00 on 400.0 million of notional variable-rate debt. 
 In August 2021, PQ Corporation novated 900.0 million of its interest rate caps to Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC. 
 In January 2022, the Company entered into two new interest rate cap agreements, with notional amounts of 250.0 million each and cap rates of 1.00 and paid 4.5 million in premiums. The term for one of the interest rate caps is August 2022 through October 2024 and the term for the other is September 2023 through October 2025. 
 In November 2022, the Company entered into a new interest rate cap agreement to mitigate interest rate volatility from July 2023 through July 2024, with a cap rate of 1.00 on 150.0 million of notional variable-rate debt and annuitized premium of 5.3 million during the effective period, and mitigate interest rate volatility from July 2024 through July 2026, with a cap rate of 1.00 and 175.0 million notional variable-rate debt and annuitized premium of 6.1 million during the effective period. 
 Credit Risk 
 We are exposed to credit risk on financial instruments to the extent our counterparty fails to perform certain duties as required under the provisions of an agreement. We only transact with counterparties having an appropriate credit rating for the risk involved. Credit exposure is managed through credit approval and monitoring procedures. 
 Concentration of credit risk can result primarily from trade receivables, for example, with certain customers operating in the same industry or customer groups located in the same geographic region. Credit risk related to these 
 71 

types of receivables is managed through credit approval and monitoring procedures. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we wrote off a nominal amount of bad debt on total sales of 820.2 million. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 The consolidated financial statements, supplementary information and financial statement schedules of the Company are set forth beginning on page F-1 of this report. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process, designed by, or under the supervision of the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of assets; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with management and board authorizations; and providing reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on the assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 8. 
 72 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or which are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 73 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The information required by this Item 10 will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of our December 31, 2022 fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of our December 31, 2022 fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 The information required by this Item 12 will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of our December 31, 2022 fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of our December 31, 2022 fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of our December 31, 2022 fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 74 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 (1) and (2) The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this report beginning on page F-1. All other schedules have been omitted as inapplicable or are not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or accompanying notes. (3) The exhibits filed as part of this report are listed in the accompanying index. 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2020, by and among PQ Corporation and Potters Buyer, LLC 
 8-K 001-38221 2.1 10/16/2020 2.2 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2021, by and among PQ Group Holdings Inc. and Sparta Aggregator L.P. 
 8-K 001-38221 2.1 03/04/2021 2.3 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2021, by and among PQ Group Holdings Inc. and Sparta Aggregator L.P. 
 8-K 001-38221 2.1 6/30/2021 2.4 Amendment No. 2 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2021, by and among PQ Group Holdings Inc. and Sparta Aggregator L.P. 
 8-K 001-38221 2.1 7/15/2021 3.1 Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 10-Q 001-38221 3.1 11/14/2017 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation 
 8-K 001-38221 3.1 8/3/2021 3.3 Certificate of Correction of Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation 
 10-Q 001-38221 3.3 11/9/2021 3.4 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ecovyst Inc. 
 8-K 001-38221 3.2 8/3/2021 4.1 Indenture, dated as of May 4, 2016, among PQ Corporation, as Issuer, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee and Collateral Agent, including the form of Global Note attached as Exhibit A thereto 
 S-1 333-218650 4.2 6/9/2017 4.2 Indenture, dated as of December 11, 2017, among PQ Corporation, as Issuer, the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee 
 8-K 001-38221 4.1 12/13/2017 4.3 Description of Ecovyst Inc. s common stock 
 10-K 001-38221 4.3 3/1/2022 10.1 Partnership Agreement, dated as of February 1, 1988, by and between PQ Corporation and Shell Polymers and Catalysts Enterprises Inc. 
 S-1/A 333-218650 10.10 8/14/2017 10.2 First Amendment to Partnership Agreement, dated January 1, 1993, by and among PQ Corporation, Shell Catalyst Ventures Inc. and CRI Zeolites Inc. 
 S-1/A 333-218650 10.11 8/14/2017 10.3 Second Amendment to Partnership Agreement, dated October 18, 2002, by and between PQ Corporation and Shell Catalyst Ventures Inc. 
 S-1/A 333-218650 10.12 8/14/2017 10.4 Third Amendment to Partnership Agreement, dated January 1, 2005, by and between PQ Corporation and CRI Zeolites Inc. 
 S-1/A 333-218650 10.13 8/14/2017 10.5 Form of Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement between PQ Group Holdings Inc. and certain stockholders of PQ Group Holdings Inc. 
 S-1/A 333-218650 10.5 9/1/2017 
 75 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.6 Ecovyst Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated 
 S-8 333-262180 4.1 1/14/2022 10.7 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the Ecovyst Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated 
 10-K 001-38221 10.7 3/1/2022 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Ecovyst Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated 
 10-K 001-38221 10.8 3/1/2022 10.9 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Ecovyst Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated 
 10-K 001-38221 10.9 3/1/2022 10.10 Form of 2019 Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Ecovyst Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated 
 10-K 001-38221 10.1 3/1/2022 10.11 Form of 2020 Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Ecovyst Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated 
 10-K 001-38221 10.11 3/1/2022 10.12 PQ Group Holdings Inc. Stock Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-218650 10.6 6/9/2017 10.13 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the PQ Group Holdings Inc. Stock Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-218650 10.7 6/9/2017 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the PQ Group Holdings Inc. Stock Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-218650 10.8 6/9/2017 10.15 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-218650 10.9 9/1/2017 10.16 Severance Agreement, dated August 9, 2018, by and between PQ Corporation and Belgacem Chariag 
 8-K 001-38221 10.2 8/9/2018 10.17 Severance Agreement, dated September 25, 2017, by and between PQ Corporation and Joseph S. Koscinksi 
 10-K 001-38221 10.37 2/27/2020 10.18 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2021 among CPQ Midco I Corporation, PQ Corporation, Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC, Eco Services Operations Corp., Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto, with Citibank, N.A., Credit Suisse Loan Funding LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 
 8-K 001-38221 10.1 6/11/2021 10.19 Third Amendment Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2021, to the ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2016, by and among PQ Corporation, CPQ Midco I Corporation, the Canadian Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the European Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Issuing Bank, with Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Loan Funding LLC, Bank of America, N.A., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 
 8-K 001-38221 10.2 6/11/2021 10.20 Amendment to Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement 
 10-Q 001-38221 10.3 8/9/2021 
 76 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.21 Form of Ecovyst Inc. Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement 
 10-Q 001-38221 10.4 8/9/2021 10.22 Form of 2021 Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Ecovyst Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated 
 10-K 001-38221 10.38 3/1/2022 10.23 General Release and Waiver of Claims, dated April 25, 2022, between Ecovyst Inc., Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC and Belgacem Chariag 
 8-K 001-38221 10.1 4/29/2022 10.24 Severance Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, between Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC and Kurt J. Bitting 
 8-K 001-38221 10.1 12/16/2022 10.25 Severance Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, between Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC and Michael Feehan 
 8-K 001-38221 10.2 12/16/2022 10.26 Amended and Restated Severance Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, between Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC and Joseph S. Koscinski 
 8-K 001-38221 10.3 12/16/2022 10.27 First Amendment Agreement, dated February 9, 2023 to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated June 9, 2021, by and among Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC , Ecovyst Midco II Inc, Eco Services Operations Corp and Credit Suisse AG 
 X 10.28 Fourth Amendment, dated February 17, 2023 to the ABL Credit Agreement, dated May 4, 2016 by and among Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC, Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies UK Limited, Ecovyst Midco II Inc. and Citibank, N.A. 
 X 10.29 Letter of employment, dated November 25, 2019, between PQ Corporation and Thomas Schneberger 
 X 10.30 Letter of employment, dated July 19, 2022, between Ecoservices and George L. Vann 
 X 10.31 Letter of employment, dated November 28, 2022, between Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC and Paul Whittleston 
 X 21.1 Subsidiaries of Ecovyst Inc. 
 X 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP related to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Ecovyst Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 X 23.2 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP related to the financial statements of Zeolyst International as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Ecovyst Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Ecovyst Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Ecovyst Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 
 77 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Ecovyst Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101 The following financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ecovyst Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags 
 X 104 The cover page from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ecovyst Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL 
 X 
 Management contract or compensatory plan 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 None. 
 78 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ECOVYST INC. Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ MICHAEL FEEHAN Michael Feehan Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 79 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ KURT J. BITTING Chief Executive Officer and Director February 28, 2023 Kurt J. Bitting (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ MICHAEL FEEHAN Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 28, 2023 Michael Feehan /s/ KEVIN M. FOGARTY Chairperson of the Board February 28, 2023 Kevin M. Fogarty /s/ DAVID A. BRADLEY Director February 28, 2023 David A. Bradley /s/ BRYAN K. BROWN Director February 28, 2023 Bryan K. Brown /s/ ANNA CATALANO Director February 28, 2023 Anna Catalano /s/ ROBERT COXON Director February 28, 2023 Robert Coxon /s/ JONNY GINNS Director February 28, 2023 Jonny Ginns /s/ KYLE VANN Director February 28, 2023 Kyle Vann /s/ TIMOTHY WALSH Director February 28, 2023 Timothy Walsh /s/ SUSAN F. WARD Director February 28, 2023 Susan F. Ward 

80 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 11 
 Schedule I Parent Company Financial Information 
 F- 73 
 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL Audited Financial Statements Report of Independent Auditors 
 F- 77 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 79 
 Statements of Operations and Accumulated Earnings for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 80 
 Statements of Changes in Partners Capital for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 81 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 82 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F- 83 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Ecovyst Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ecovyst Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 F-2 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment - Catalyst Technologies Reporting Unit 
 As described in Notes 2 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill associated with the Company s Catalyst Technologies reporting unit was 76.6 million as of December 31, 2022. Management is required to test goodwill associated with each of its reporting units for impairment at least annually and whenever events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that goodwill may be impaired. Management performs its annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its implied fair value, an impairment charge is recognized. Management determined the fair value of its reporting units using a split between a market approach and an income, or discounted cash flow, approach. In applying the market approach, management estimates reporting unit market approach fair value using publicly traded comparable company values and applies the selected market multiples to each reporting unit s trailing twelve months adjusted EBITDA. Management estimates reporting unit income-based fair value using the discounted cash flow approach, which requires use of significant assumptions including revenue growth rates and discount rate. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment of the Catalyst Technologies reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the fair value of the Catalyst Technologies reporting unit; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to market multiples, revenue growth rates, and discount rate; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 F-3 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the Catalyst Technologies reporting unit. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for determining the fair value of the reporting unit; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the market and income approaches; (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to market multiples, revenue growth rates, and discount rate; and (iv) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the market and income approaches. Evaluating management s significant assumptions related to revenue growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumption was reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the Catalyst Technologies reporting unit; (ii) consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether the assumption was consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the market and income approaches and (ii) the reasonableness of the market multiples and discount rate significant assumptions. 

/s/ 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 F-4 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Other operating expense, net Operating income Equity in net income from affiliated companies ) ) ) Interest expense, net Debt extinguishment costs Other expense (income), net ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interest Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) Net income from continuing operations Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interest - discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) attributable to Ecovyst Inc. ) ) Income from continuing operations attributable to Ecovyst Inc. Income (loss) from discontinued operations attributable to Ecovyst Inc. ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Ecovyst Inc. ) ) Net income (loss) per share: Basic income per share continuing operations Diluted income per share continuing operations Basic income (loss) per share discontinued operations ) ) Diluted income (loss) per share discontinued operations ) ) Basic income (loss) per share ) ) Diluted income (loss) per share ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-5 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Pension and postretirement benefits ) Net gain from hedging activities Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Ecovyst Inc. ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-6 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Derivative assets Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Investments in affiliated companies Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Right-of-use lease assets Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Operating lease liabilities current Accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, excluding current portion Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities noncurrent Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 25) EQUITY Common stock par); authorized shares ; issued shares and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; outstanding shares and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Preferred stock par); authorized shares ; shares issued or outstanding on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock, at cost; shares and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Shares of Common stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (Accum. deficit) Shares of Treasury stock Treasury stock, at cost Accum. other comp. income (loss) Non-control ling interest Total Balance, December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Repurchases of common shares ) ) ) Tax withholdings on equity award vesting ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends paid on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Stock compensation expense Shares issued under equity incentive plan, net of forfeitures Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive income Tax withholdings on equity award vesting ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends paid on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Stock compensation expense Shares issued under equity incentive plan, net of forfeitures Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income Repurchases of common shares ) ) ) Tax withholdings on equity award vesting ) ) ) Stock compensation expense Shares issued under equity incentive plan, net of forfeitures Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Net (income) loss from discontinued operations ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discount Debt extinguishment costs Foreign currency exchange loss (gain) ) Pension and postretirement healthcare (benefit) expense ) ) Pension and postretirement healthcare benefit funding ) Deferred income tax (benefit) provision ) Net loss on asset disposals Stock compensation Equity in net income from affiliated companies ) ) ) Dividends received from affiliated companies Other, net ) ) ) Working capital changes that provided (used) cash, excluding the effect of acquisitions and dispositions: Receivables ) Inventories ) Prepaids and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities, continuing operations Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, discontinued operations ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from business divestitures, net of cash Payments for business divestiture ) Proceeds from sale of assets Business combinations, net of cash acquired ) ) Other, net ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities, continuing operations ) Net cash used in investing activities, discontinued operations ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) 
 F-9 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities: Draw down of revolving credit facilities Repayments of revolving credit facilities ) Issuance of long-term debt, net of original issue discount and financing fees Debt issuance costs ) ) Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Debt prepayment fees ) ) Proceeds from financing obligation Dividends paid to stockholders ) ) Repurchases of common shares ) ) Tax withholdings on equity award vesting ) ) ) Proceeds from stock options exercised Repayments of financing obligation ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities, continuing operations ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities, discontinued operations ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Less: cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of discontinued operations ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period of continuing operations 

For supplemental cash flow disclosures, see Note 28. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-10 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

and on August 1, 2021, completed the sale of its Performance Chemicals business for . T he financial results of these business are presented as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements for the 2021 and 2020 periods presented. See Note 4 and Note 5 for more information on these transactions. 
 The Company has uniquely positioned specialty businesses: Ecoservices provides sulfuric acid recycling to the North American refining industry for the production of alkylate and provides on-purpose virgin sulfuric acid for water treatment, mining, and industrial applications; and Catalyst Technologies provides finished silica catalysts and catalyst supports necessary to produce high strength and high stiffness plastics and, through its Zeolyst joint venture, supplies zeolites used for catalysts that help produce renewable fuels, remove nitric oxide from diesel engine emissions as well as sulfur from fuels during the refining process. 
 The Company s regeneration services product group, which is a part of the Company s Ecoservices segment, typically experiences seasonal fluctuations as a result of higher demand for gasoline products in the summer months and lower demand in the winter months. These demand fluctuations result in higher sales and working capital requirements in the second and third quarters. 
 The notes to the consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise indicated, are on a continuing operations basis. 

, and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. The n et foreign currency (gains) and losses realized during these years were primarily driven by the non-permanent intercompany debt denominated in local currency and translated to U.S. dollars. 
 
 F-11 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

restricted cash balances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

to years for buildings and improvements and to years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are depreciated using the straight-line method based on the shorter of the useful life of the improvement or remaining lease term. 
 The Company capitalizes the interest cost associated with the development and construction of significant new plant and equipment and depreciates that amount over the lives of the related assets. Capitalized interest recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 years, including leases of land, buildings, railcars, vehicles, manufacturing equipment and general office equipment. Some leases include options to terminate or extend for one or more years. These options are incorporated in the Compan y s lease term when it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. Some leases include options to purchase, which the Company assesses under the guidance to determine if these leases should be classified as finance lease agreements. 
 When the Company enters into an arrangement, at inception, the Company determines if the arrangement contains a lease and whether that lease meets the classification criteria of a finance or operating lease. Some of the Company s lease arrangements contain lease components (e.g. minimum rent payments) and non-lease components (e.g. maintenance). The Company accounts for the lease and non-lease components separately based on the estimated standalone price of each component. Certain of the Company s lease agreements include rental payments that are adjusted periodically for an index or rate and these are initially measured using the index or rate in effect at the commencement date. Variable lease expense is recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 
 F-12 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

F-13 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

F-14 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

See Note 8 to these consolidated financial statements regarding the application of fair value measurements and Note 18 regarding the fair value of debt. 
 See Note 9 of these consolidated financial statements regarding the Company s treasury stock repurchases. 
 See Note 7 of these consolidated financial statements for disclosures regarding the recognition of revenue for shipping and handling costs that are billed to customers. 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were expensed as incurred and reported in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 F-15 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

See Note 25 to these consolidated financial statements regarding commitments and contingencies. 
 
 See Note 23 to these consolidated financial statements regarding compensation expense associated with the Company s equity incentive awards. 

F-16 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

During the preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2022, the Company identified a presentation error in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the 2021 comparable periods presented. The presentation of comprehensive income (loss) inadvertently omitted the release of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to foreign currency translation and deferred pension and postretirement benefit plan losses in conjunction with the sale of the Company s Performance Chemicals business. The presentation of other comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021, was corrected for the additional comprehensive loss of , of which of comprehensive income was attributed to noncontrolling interest. This presentation error in other comprehensive income (loss) was also corrected for the year ended December 31, 2020, which resulted in additional comprehensive income of , of which was attributed to noncontrolling interest. Additionally, Note 9 was corrected for this presentation error. The Company assessed the materiality of the error and concluded it was not material to the Company s previously issued financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. There was no impact on the consolidated statements of income, consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 F-17 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

. The net cash proceeds to the Company from the sale were after certain customary adjustments for indebtedness, working capital and cash at the closing of the transaction. The Company classified the proceeds within net cash provided by (used in) investing activities continuing operations in the consolidated statements of cash flows and used the net proceeds from the sale as well as cash on hand to pay down debt and issue a special cash dividend of per share to stockholders. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Performance Materials business met the criteria set forth in Accounting Standards Codification 205-20, Presentation of Financial Statements Discontinued Operations ASC 205-20 ), as the sale represents a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results. As a result, the Company s consolidated financial statements for all periods presented reflect the Performance Materials business as a 
 F-18 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company recorded a pre-tax loss on sale of , which is included in net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax in the Company s consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Transaction costs ) Net assets derecognized ) Loss on sale of Performance Materials ) 
 In connection with the sale of Performance Materials and the related loss, as noted above, the Company has recognized a tax expense of within d iscontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Other operating expense, net Operating income Equity in net income from affiliated companies ) Interest expense, net (1) 
 Other income, net ) Loss on sale of Performance Materials Loss from discontinued operations before income tax ) Provision for income taxes Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) 

(1) The closing of the transaction triggered the Company s obligation to provide partial repayment under both its Amended and Restated Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated May 4, 2016, and its New Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2020. As such, interest expense has been allocated to discontinued operations on the basis of the Company s required refinancing of debt repayment provision of of the 2018 Term Loan Facility and its required repayment of of the 2020 Term Loan Facility. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company incurred transaction costs of and stock-based compensation expense of , and an associated tax benefit of related to the Performance Materials divestiture, as well as a provision to return benefit of related to the filing of the 2020 tax returns filed in the fourth quarter of 2021, which is included in loss from discontinued operations, net of tax. 
 F-19 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Upon the close of the transaction, the Company entered into a Transition Services Agreement with the Purchaser pursuant to which the Purchaser was receiving certain services to provide for the orderly transition of various functions and processes after the closing of the transaction. The services under the Transition Services Agreement include information technology, accounting, tax, financial services, human resources, facilities, and other administrative support services. These services were provided at cost for a period of nine months following the close of the transaction. The Company billed under the Transition Services Agreement to the Purchaser during the year ended December 31, 2021. Those billings are included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Additionally, in connection with the transaction, the Company entered into various supply agreements with the Purchaser. Cash flows associated with these transition services and supply agreements were not material to the Company s results of operations. 
 
 subject to certain adjustments including indebtedness, cash, working capital and transaction expenses. The Company completed the sale of its Performance Chemicals business effective on August 1, 2021. The net cash proceeds to the Company from the sale were after certain customary adjustments for indebtedness, working capital and cash at the closing of the transaction. The Company classified the proceeds within net cash provided by (used in) investing activities continuing operations in the consolidated statements of cash flows and used the net proceeds from the sale as well as cash on hand to pay down debt and issue a special cash dividend of per share to stockholders. 
 Prior to the closing of the transaction, the di sposal group was tested for recoverability as of each of the balance sheet dates since meeting the discontinued operations criteria, and the Company recognized an estimated disposal loss of during the year ended December 31, 2021, which was included in net loss from discontinued operati ons, net of tax on the consolidated statements of income for the respective periods. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred transaction costs of and stock-based compensation expense of in connection with the sale, which is included in loss from discontinued operations, net of tax. The final pre-tax loss on the sale of the Performance Chemicals business was , which is included in net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax in the Company s consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 
 Transaction costs ) Net assets derecognized ) Loss on sale of the Performance Chemicals business ) 
 In connection with the sale of the Performance Chemicals business and the related loss, as noted above, the Company has recognized a tax benefit of within net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax on the consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized of net income from discontinued operations, net of tax, related to the sale of the Performance Chemicals business for an income tax benefit upon the finalization of the Company s U.S. income tax returns, partially offset by a tax indemnity claim resulting from the transaction. 
 F-20 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Goodwill impairment charge Other operating expense, net (1) 
 Loss on sale of the Performance Chemicals business Operating loss ) ) ) Equity in net income from affiliated companies ) ) Interest expense, net (2) 
 Other income, net ) ) Loss from discontinued operations before income tax ) ) ) (Benefit) Provision for income taxes ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) 
 (1) The Company reclassified transaction costs that were previously recorded to this line item and included those charges in the line item Loss on sale of the Performance Chemicals business during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 . 
 (2) Upon the close of the transaction, the Company used a portion of the net proceeds to repay a portion of its outstanding debt amounting to . Refer to Note 18 for additional details on the repayment of outstanding debt. Prior to the Company s debt refinancing in June 2021, the Company s outstanding term loan facilities had required refinancing of debt with repayment provisions. As a result, interest expense has been allocated to discontinued operations on the basis of the Company s total repayment of . 
 Net income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interest related to the Performance Chemicals business, net of tax was and ) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net loss attributable to Ecovyst Inc., related to the Performance Chemicals business, net of tax was ) and ) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 In connection with the divestiture of the Performance Chemicals business, the Company entered into a five year contract manufacturing agreement effective on August 2, 2021 with PQ Silicas UK Ltd., a subsidiary of the Buyer, related to a facility in Warrington, United Kingdom. Pursuant to this agreement, the Buyer will manufacture and sell silica catalyst finished good products to the Company, which are finished good products sold within the Company s Catalyst Technologies segment. Additionally, certain machinery, equipment, and other tangible personal property assets identified in the Agreement Catalyst Production Assets owned by the Buyer will be used exclusively in the manufacture of silica catalyst products for the Company. The Company did not meet the requirements for a sale-leaseback transaction as described in Accounting Standards Codification 842-40, Leases - Sale-Leaseback Transactions. Under the failed-sale-leaseback accounting model, the Company is deemed under GAAP to still own the Catalyst Production Assets, which the Company must continue to reflect in its consolidated balance sheet and depreciate over the assets remaining useful lives. For the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company recorded a financing obligation of (equivalent ). The current portion of the obligation is included in accrued liabilities and the long-term portion in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-21 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

of the cash proceeds from the sale to cash flows from financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the requirement to treat this portion of the proceeds as though it were the result of a financing obligation. The agreement has an initial term of five years, with an option to renew, as well as an Option Bill of Sale which provides for the transfer from the Buyer to the Company of the Catalyst Production Assets upon the Company s exercise of a one-dollar purchase option. Payments made to the Buyer under the contact manufacturing agreement were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectfully . 
 In addition to the contract manufacturing agreement noted above, the Company also entered into certain supply agreements with the Buyer, as well as a Transition Services Agreement, pursuant to which the Buyer was receiving and performing certain services to provide for the orderly transition of various functions and processes after the closing of the transaction. The services under the Transition Services Agreement include information technology, accounting, tax, financial services, human resources, facilities, and other administrative support services. These services were provided for a period of six months, which ended in January 2022. Billings under the Transition Services Agreement to the Buyer during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were immaterial. T hose billings are included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 in cash. Based in Orange, Texas, Chem32 is a leader in ex situ sulfiding and pre-activation for hydro-processing catalysts. The net cash paid by the Company was , after certain customary adjustments for indebtedness, working capital, cash and a holdback amount pursuant to the agreement. A portion of the holdback was settled in September 2022 for , with of the holdback remaining as of December 31, 2022. 
 Chem32 is reported as part of the Ecoservices segment. The Company s consolidated financial statements include Chem32 s results of operations from the Closing Date through December 31, 2021. Net sales and net income attributable to Chem32 during this period are included in the Company s consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2021 and totaled and , respectively. Acquisition and integration costs were for the year ended December 31, 2021 and are included in other operating expense, net in the Company s consolidated statements of income. 
 The Company believes that the Acquisition will offer a more robust portfolio of services within the refining industry by leveraging the Company s existing relationships, therefore contributing to a total purchase price that resulted in the recognition of of goodwill, which was deductible for tax purposes during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. Under the acquisition method, the purchase price was allocated to the identifiable net assets acquired based on the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the Closing Date. The excess of the purchase price over fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired was recorded to goodwill. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an immaterial adjustment between goodwill and deferred tax liabilities related to the final tax purchase price allocation. See Note 16 to these consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 F-22 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Holdback Total consideration, net of cash acquired Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Receivables Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Property, plant and equipment Other intangible assets Other long-term assets Fair value of assets acquired Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Fair value of net assets acquired Goodwill 
 In accordance with the requirements of the purchase method of accounting for acquisitions, accounts receivable and inventories were recorded at fair market value. As of the Closing Date, the fair value of accounts receivable approximated historical cost. The gross contractual amount of accounts receivable at the Closing Date was , of which there was amount deemed uncollectible. Fair value of inventory is defined as estimated selling prices less the sum of (a) costs of disposal and (b) a reasonable profit allowance for the selling effort of the acquiring entity, which the Company determined acquired cost equaled fair value of the inventory acquired. 
 Technical know-how Non-compete agreements Trade names Total intangible assets subject to amortization 
 
 F-23 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

of additional amortization expense related to identified intangible assets, which would have been recorded during the reporting period if the adjustments to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the Closing Date. The Company s other operating expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes a pre-tax charge of of additional amortization expense related to identified intangible assets, which would have been recorded during the reporting period if the adjustments to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the Closing Date. 
 Pro forma financial information has not been presented as it is immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 

F-24 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

contract assets or material contract liabilities recorded on its consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Practical Expedients and Accounting Policy Elections 
 The Company has elected to use certain practical expedients and has made certain accounting policy elections as permitted under the revenue recognition guidance. The majority of the Company s contracts with customers are based on an individual purchase order; thus, the duration of these contracts are for one year or less. As described above, the Company s performance obligations reset either monthly or at the end of the calendar year. The Company has made an accounting policy election to omit certain disclosures related to these performance obligations, as the initial term of the Company s performance obligations are for a term of one year or less. 
 The Company uses an output method to recognize revenues related to performance obligations satisfied over time. These performance obligations, as described above, are satisfied within a calendar year. As such, the Company has elected to utilize the as-invoiced practical expedient, which permits the Company to recognize revenue in the amount to which it has a right to invoice the customer, provided that the amount corresponds directly with the value provided by the performance obligation as completed to date. 
 
 F-25 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

F-26 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Polymers engineered plastics Regeneration and treatment services (1) 
 Industrial, mining automotive Total segment sales Year ended December 31, 2021 Ecoservices Catalyst Technologies (2) 
 Total Clean fuels, emission control other Polymers engineered plastics Regeneration and treatment services (1) 
 Industrial, mining automotive Total segment sales Year ended December 31, 2020 Ecoservices Catalyst Technologies (2) 
 Total Clean fuels, emission control other Polymers engineered plastics Regeneration and treatment services (1) 
 Industrial, mining automotive Total segment sales 
 
 (1) As described in Note 1, the Company experiences seasonal sales fluctuations to customers in the regeneration and treatment services end use. 
 (2) Excludes the Company s proportionate share of sales from the Zeolyst International and Zeolyst C.V. joint ventures (collectively, the Zeolyst Joint Venture accounted for using the equity method (see Note 12 to these condensed consolidated financial statements for further information). 
 F-27 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Derivative liabilities: Interest rate caps (Note 20) 
 December 31, 2021 Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Derivative assets: Interest rate caps (Note 20) Derivative liabilities: Interest rate caps (Note 20) 
 
 F-28 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

and ) 
 Net changes in fair values of derivatives, net of tax of ) and ) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of and 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 F-29 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlement gain (loss) ) ) ) Benefit plans, net ) ) ) ) Net gain from hedging activities ) ) ) Foreign currency translation (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) The income tax benefit or expense included in other comprehensive income is attributed to the portion of foreign currency translation associated with the Company s cross-currency interest rate swaps, for which the tax effect is based on the applicable U.S. deferred income tax rate. See Note 20 to these consolidated financial statements for information regarding the Company s cross currency interest rate swaps. 
 The following table presents the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, by component for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Defined benefit and other postretirement plans Net gain (loss) from hedging activities Foreign currency translation Total December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (1) 
 ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (1) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 (1) See the following table for details about these reclassifications. Amounts in parentheses indicate debits. 
 F-30 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 ) Other (expense) income (2) 
 Actuarial losses Other (expense) income (2) 
 Release of actuarial losses ) Net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Total before tax Tax benefit ) ) Net of tax Gains and losses on cash flow hedges: Interest rate caps ) ) Interest expense Tax benefit ) ) Net of tax Release of foreign currency translation Net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax Total reclassifications for the period ) Net of tax 
 
 (1) Amounts in parentheses indicate debits to profit/loss. 
 (2) These accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) components are components of net periodic pension and other postretirement cost (see Note 22 to these consolidated financial statements for additional details). 
 Treasury Stock Repurchases 
 2020 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On March 12, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board approved a plan to purchase up to of the Company s common stock under a stock repurchase program approved by the Board. Under the plan, the Company could repurchase shares from time to time for cash in open market transactions or in privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The Company determined the timing and the amount of any repurchases based on its evaluation of market conditions, share price and other factors. The stock repurchase program expired in March 2022, with repurchases made in 2022 through the expiration of the program, r during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 2022 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On April 27, 2022, the Board approved a stock repurchase program that permits the Company to purchase up to of the Company s common stock over the next . Under the plan, the Company can repurchase shares from time to time for cash in open market transactions or in privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The Company will determine the timing and the amount of any repurchases based on its evaluation of market conditions, share price and other factors. 
 F-31 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

shares of its common stock on the open market at an average price of per share, for a total of . Additionally, i n connection with secondary offerings of the Company s common stock, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock sold in the August 2022 offering from the underwriters at a price of per share and shares of its common stock sold in the November 2022 offering from the underwriters at a price of per share, for a total of . 
 As of December 31, 2022, was available for additional share repurchases under the program. 
 Tax Withholdings on Equity Award Vesting 
 In connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance stock units, shares of common stock may be delivered to the Company by employees to satisfy withholding tax obligations at the instruction of the employee award holders. These transactions, when they occur, are accounted for as stock repurchases by the Company, with the shares returned to treasury stock at a cost representing the payment by the Company of the tax obligations on behalf of the employees in lieu of shares for the vesting unit. The fair value of the shares withheld to cover tax payments were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 Dividends Paid 
 On December 14, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of per share, using after tax cash proceeds and cash on hand from the sale of the Performance Materials business. The dividend was paid to our stockholders of record at the close of business on December 31, 2020. See Note 4 of these consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 On August 4, 2021, the Company s Board declared a special cash dividend of per share, using after tax cash proceeds from the sale of the Performance Chemicals business. The dividend was paid on August 23, 2021 to the Company s stockholders of record at the close of business on August 12, 2021. See Note 5 of these consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 Transaction and other related costs Restructuring, integration and business optimization costs (1) 
 Net loss on asset disposals Other, net 
 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s results were impacted by costs associated with severance charges for certain executives and employees. The severance charges were not related to a specific restructuring plan of the Company, but rather were incurred primarily in connection with the leadership transition in April 2022 and the retirement of several executives. 
 F-32 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Raw materials Valued at lower of cost or market: LIFO basis Valued at lower of cost and net realizable value: FIFO or average cost basis 
 The domestic inventory acquired as part of a previous business combination is valued based on the LIFO method. Therefore, the fair value allocated to the acquired LIFO inventory was treated as the new base inventory value. If inventories valued under the LIFO basis had been valued using the FIFO method, inventories would have been and lower than reported as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, driven primarily by the purchase accounting fair value step-up of the LIFO inventory base value associated with the business combination. 

Zeolyst C.V. Netherlands 
 Following is summarized information of the combined investments (1) : 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Current assets Noncurrent assets Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Sales Gross profit Operating income Net income 
 
 F-33 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

The Company s investments in affiliated companies balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes net purchase accounting fair value adjustments of and , respectively, related to a prior business combination, consisting primarily of goodwill and intangible assets such as customer relationships, technical know-how and trade names. Consolidated equity in net income from affiliates is net of , and of amortization expense related to purchase accounting fair value adjustments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Equity in net income of affiliated companies Charges related to purchase accounting fair value adjustments ) ) Dividends received ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Balance at end of period 
 The Company had net receivables due from affiliates of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in prepaid and other current assets. Net receivables due from affiliates are generally non-trade receivables. Sales to affiliates were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company did t purchase goods from affiliates during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 On December 18, 2013, the Company and its joint venture, Zeolyst International, entered into a ten year real estate tax abatement agreement with the Unified Government of Wyandotte County, Kansas. The agreement utilizes an Industrial Revenue Bond IRB financing structure to achieve a 75 real estate tax abatement on the value of the improvements that were constructed during the expansion of the Company and Zeolyst International s facilities at the jointly-operated Kansas City, Kansas plant. A similar tax abatement agreement has been executed on an annual basis since December 18, 2013 with respect to additional plant expansions during those years. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2019, the original IRB financing structure from December 2013 was exhausted. In order to fund future plant expansions, the Company entered into an additional IRB financing structure on December 19, 2019 with similar terms and conditions, which also provides for 75 real estate tax abatement on the value of future improvements. The financing obligations and the industrial bonds receivable have been presented net, as the financing obligations and the industrial bonds meet the criteria for right of set off conditions under GAAP. 
 F-34 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 Depreciation expense was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 and are included in cost of goods sold and in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Finance lease and financing obligation costs of and are included in cost of goods sold and in selling, general, and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Lease income is not material to the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Finance lease and financing obligation assets Property, plant and equipment, net Total leased assets Liabilities Current: Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities current Finance lease and financing obligation liabilities Accrued liabilities Noncurrent: Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities noncurrent Finance lease and financing obligation liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total leased liabilities 
 F-35 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Finance leases and financing obligation Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases and financing obligation 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) Total lease liabilities (1) 

(1) Refer to the above table regarding the Company s right-of-use lease assets and lease liabilities for the presentation of the lease liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 Interest payments under finance leases and financing obligation included in operating cash flows Principal payments under finance leases and financing obligation included in financing cash flows Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities (non-cash): Operating leases 
 
 F-36 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

operating segments based on the review of discrete financial results for each of the operating segments by the Company s chief operating decision maker (the Company s Chief Executive Officer), or CODM, for performance assessment and resource allocation purposes. Each of the Company s operating segments represents a reportable segment under GAAP. The Company s reportable segments are organized based on the nature and economic characteristics of the Company s products. The Company s reportable segments are as follows: (1) Ecoservices provides sulfuric acid recycling to the North American refining industry for the production of alkylate and provides on-purpose virgin sulfuric acid for water treatment, mining, and industrial applications; and (2) Catalyst Technologies serves the polymers and engineered plastics and the global refining, petrochemical and emissions control industries. 
 The Catalyst Technologies segment includes equity in net income from Zeolyst International and Zeolyst C.V. (collectively, the Zeolyst Joint Venture ), each of which are 50/50 joint ventures with CRI Zeolites Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell). The Zeolyst Joint Venture is accounted for using the equity method in the Company s consolidated financial statements (see Note 12 to these consolidated financial statements for further information). Company management evaluates the Catalyst Technologies segment s performance, including the Zeolyst Joint Venture, on a proportionate consolidation basis. Accordingly, the revenues and expenses used to compute the Catalyst Technologies segment s adjusted earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization Adjusted EBITDA include the Zeolyst Joint Venture s results of operations on a proportionate basis based on the Company s 50 ownership level. Since the Company uses the equity method of accounting for the Zeolyst Joint Venture, these items are eliminated when reconciling to the Company s consolidated results of operations. 
 The Company s management evaluates the operating results of each reportable segment based upon Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA consists of EBITDA, which is a measure defined as net income before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (each of which is included in the Company s consolidated statements of income), and adjusted for certain items as discussed below. 
 F-37 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Catalyst Technologies (1) 
 Total Adjusted EBITDA: (2) 
 Ecoservices Catalyst Technologies (3) 
 Adjusted EBITDA from reportable segments 
 
 (1) Excludes the Company s proportionate share of sales from the Zeolyst Joint Venture accounted for using the equity method. The proportionate share of sales is , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA adjusted for certain items as noted in the reconciliation below. Management evaluates the performance of its segments and allocates resources based on several factors, of which the primary measure is Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income as an indicator of the Company s operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA as defined by the Company may not be comparable with EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA as defined by other companies. 
 (3) The Adjusted EBITDA from the Zeolyst Joint Venture included in the Catalyst Technologies segment is for the year ended December 31, 2022, which includes of equity in net income plus of amortization of investment in affiliate step-up plus of joint venture depreciation, amortization and interest. 
 The Adjusted EBITDA from the Zeolyst Joint Venture included in the Catalyst Technologies segment is for the year ended December 31, 2021, which includes of equity in net income plus of amortization of investment in affiliate step-up plus of joint venture depreciation, amortization and interest. 
 The Adjusted EBITDA from the Zeolyst Joint Venture included in the Catalyst Technologies segment is for the year ended December 31, 2020, which includes of equity in net income plus of amortization of investment in affiliate step-up plus of joint venture depreciation, amortization and interest. 
 
 F-38 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Interest expense, net Depreciation and amortization Unallocated corporate expenses Joint venture depreciation, amortization and interest Amortization of investment in affiliate step-up Debt extinguishment costs Net loss on asset disposals Foreign currency exchange loss (gain) ) LIFO benefit ) ) ) Transaction and other related costs Equity-based compensation Restructuring, integration and business optimization expenses Other ) Adjusted EBITDA from reportable segments 
 The Company s consolidated results include equity in net income from affiliated companies of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. This is primarily comprised of equity in net income of , and in the Catalyst Technologies segment from the Zeolyst Joint Venture for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company s equity in net income from affiliated companies in the consolidated results includes amortization expense related to purchase accounting fair value adjustments associated with the Zeolyst Joint Venture as a result of a prior business combination. 
 Catalyst Technologies (1) 
 Corporate (2) 
 Capital expenditures per the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 (1) Excludes the Company s proportionate share of capital expenditures from the Zeolyst Joint Venture. 
 (2) Includes corporate capital expenditures, the cash impact from changes in capital expenditures in accounts payable and capitalized interest. 
 
 F-39 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Other foreign countries Total 
 
 (1) Except for the United States, no sales in an individual country exceeded 10 of the Company s total sales. 
 The Company sold products through its Ecoservices and Catalyst Technologies segments to customer A, which accounted for , and of the Company s total sales as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 Other foreign countries Total 
 
 F-40 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Goodwill recognized (Note 6) 
 Foreign exchange impact ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Goodwill adjustments (1) 
 ) ) Foreign exchange impact ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an adjustment of between goodwill and deferred tax liabilities related to the final tax purchase price allocation for the Chem32 acquisition. 
 The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment assessments as of October 1, 2022 and 2021. For the annual assessments, the Company bypassed the option to perform the qualitative assessment and proceeded directly to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test for each of its reporting units. The quantitative test identifies both the potential existence of impairment and the amount of impairment loss. For each of the October 1, 2022 and 2021 assessments, the Company identified reporting units, which align with the Company s operating segments. 
 The Company determined the fair value of its reporting units using a split between a market approach and an income, or discounted cash flow, approach. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
 The Company estimates reporting unit market approach fair value using publicly traded comparable company values and applies the selected market multiples to each reporting unit s trailing twelve months adjusted EBITDA. The Company estimates reporting unit income-based fair value using the discounted cash flow approach. This approach requires use of significant assumptions about future cash flows and based on management s assessment of a number of factors. Such factors include reporting unit revenue growth rates from implementation of strategic plans, operating margin growth rates, the perpetual growth rate, and the weighted average cost of capital, as well as the reporting unit s recent performance and management s ability to execute on planned future strategic initiatives. Discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in those future cash flows. 
 As of October 1, 2022, the fair values of each of the Company s reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values and therefore, no goodwill impairment exists for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In addition to the annual goodwill impairment assessment, the Company also performed the annual impairment test over its other indefinite-lived intangible assets as of October 1, 2022 and 2021. The fair values of the Company s indefinite-lived trade names and trademarks were in excess of their carrying amounts as of the respective testing dates, and as such, there was no further impairment of the Company s indefinite-lived intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-41 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

) ) Customer relationships ) ) Non-compete agreements ) ) Trademarks ) ) Trade names ) ) Total definite-lived intangible assets ) ) Indefinite-lived trade names In-process research and development Total intangible assets ) ) 
 The Company amortizes technical know-how over periods that range from to , customer relationships over periods that range from to , non-compete agreements over , trademarks over , and trade names over . In-process research and development intangible assets are considered indefinite-lived until such time as the associated projects are completed, at which time amortization commences on the assets, or abandoned, which results in the impairment of the assets. 
 Amortization expense related to technical know-how is included in cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of income and was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense related to customer relationships, non-compete agreements, trademarks, and tradenames is included in other operating expense, net in the consolidated statements of income and was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total estimated future aggregate amortization expense 
 
 F-42 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Interest Property tax Income taxes Finance lease and financing obligation liabilities Dividends payable Accrued closing adjustments for Performance Chemicals divestiture (Note 5) Other 
 
 ABL Facility Total debt Original issue discount ) ) Deferred financing costs ) ) Total debt, net of original issue discount and deferred financing costs Less: current portion ) ) Total long-term debt, excluding current portion 
 ABL Facility 
 On May 4, 2016, PQ Corporation PQ Corp ), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company prior to the closing of the sale of the Performance Chemical business entered into a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the ABL Facility ), which provided for revolving credit commitments. 
 On March 20, 2020, PQ Corp amended its existing ABL Facility to increase the aggregate amount of the revolving loan commitments available by to , consisting of up to in U.S. commitments, up to in Canadian commitments and up to in European commitments. The maturity of the facility was extended to March 20, 2025. In addition, there was an annual commitment fee equal to , with a step-down to based on average usage of the revolving credit borrowings available 
 Following the amendment, the borrowings under the amended ABL Facility bore interest at a rate equal to the LIBOR rate or the base rate plus a margin of between to or to , respectively. 
 F-43 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

to , consisting of in U.S. commitments and in European commitments and extended the maturity date with respect to borrowings under the Amended ABL Credit Agreement to August 2, 2026. 
 On February 17, 2023, the Company amended the ABL Facility to replace LIBOR with a SOFR as the benchmark interest rate with respect to U.S. dollar-denominated borrowings. Following these amendments, U.S. dollar-denominated borrowings under the ABL Facility will bear interest at a rate equal to an adjusted SOFR rate or the base rate plus a margin of between and or to , respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no revolving credit borrowings outstanding under the ABL Facility. Revolving credit borrowings are payable at the option of the Borrower throughout the term of the ABL Facility with the balance due August 2, 2026. The Company has the ability to request letters of credit under the ABL Facility. The Company had of letters of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2022, which reduce available borrowings under the ABL Facility by such amounts. 
 The obligations of the Borrower under the ABL Facility are guaranteed by the same U.S. subsidiary guarantors that guarantee the 2021 Term Loan Facility (as described below) and the obligations of the European Borrowers under the ABL Facility are guaranteed by a certain European subsidiary of the Borrower. The obligations of the borrowers and guarantors under the ABL Facility are secured (i) by a first-priority security interest in, among other things, substantially all of their receivables, inventory, deposit accounts and other collateral securing the ABL Facility on a first-priority basis and (ii) by a second-priority security interest in the property and assets of the Borrower and the U.S. subsidiary guarantors that secure the 2021 Term Loan Facility. In addition, the ABL Facility is secured by the equity interests in, and substantially all of the assets of, certain foreign guarantors in connection with the Euro-denominated availability. 
 The ABL Facility and the 2021 Term Loan Facility contain various non-financial restrictive covenants. The ABL Facility also contains one financial covenant which applies when minimum availability under the ABL Facility exceeds a certain threshold. During such time, the Company is required to maintain a fixed-charge coverage ratio of at least .0 to 1.0. The Company is in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2021 Term Loan Facility 
 On June 9, 2021, PQ Corp and Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC Ecovyst LLC and, following the closing of the sale of the Performance Chemicals business, the Borrower ), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an agreement (the 2021 Credit Agreement for the 2021 Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount of with an original issue discount of and interest at a floating rate of LIBOR (with a minimum LIBOR floor) plus per annum (or, depending on the Borrower s first lien net leverage ratio, ). The 2021 Term Loan Facility requires scheduled quarterly amortization payments, each equal to of the original principal amount of the loans under the 2021 Term Loan Facility. The proceeds of the 2021 Term Loan Facility were used to pay in full the 2020 Term Loan Facility, partially pay the 2018 Term Loan Facility (each as described below) and pay the associated fees and expenses. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the 2021 Term Loan Facility accrued interest at a floating rate of LIBOR plus per annum and is scheduled to mature in June 2028. 
 On February 9, 2023, the Company amended the 2021 Term Loan Facility to replace LIBOR with SOFR as the benchmark interest rate. Following this amendments, the 2021 Term Loan Facility bears interest at an adjusted SOFR rate (with a minimum floor) plus per annum (or, depending on the Borrower s first lien net leverage ratio, ). 
 
 F-44 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

. The 2018 Term Loan Facility was amended on February 7, 2020 and partially repaid on June 9, 2021 with a portion of the proceeds of the 2021 Term Loan Facility. 
 On August 1, 2021, the Company used a portion of the net cash proceeds from the sale of the Performance Chemicals business to repay the entire 2018 Term Loan Facility balance of . As a result, Ecovyst LLC wrote off of unamortized deferred financing costs and of original issue discount as debt extinguishment costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 2020 Term Loan Facility - Repaid in 2021 
 On July 22, 2020, PQ Corp entered into an agreement for a new senior secured term loan facility (the 2020 Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount of . The proceeds were used to redeem its existing of Senior Secured Notes due 2022 and pay the associated early redemption premiums. The 2020 Term Loan Facility was fully repaid with the proceeds of the 2021 Term Loan Facility. 
 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2025 - Redeemed in 2021 
 On December 11, 2017, PQ Corp issued aggregate principal amount of 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2025 (the Senior Unsecured Notes ). Concurrent with, and using a portion of the net proceeds from, the divestiture of the Performance Chemicals business on August 1, 2021, the Company redeemed the remaining principal balance of of its 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2025. In connection with the redemption of the 5.75 Senior Unsecured Notes, PQ Corp paid a redemption premium of which was recorded as debt extinguishment costs during the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, previous unamortized deferred financing costs of and original issue discount of associated with the previously outstanding debt were written off as debt extinguishment costs during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Fair Value of Debt 
 The fair value of a financial instrument is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the senior secured term loan was and , respectively. The fair value is classified as Level 2 based upon the fair value hierarchy (see Note 8 to these consolidated financial statements for further information on fair value measurements). 
 
 F-45 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

of new creditor and third-party financing costs as debt extinguishment costs. In addition, previous unamortized deferred financing costs of and original issue discount of associated with the previously outstanding debt were written off as debt extinguishment costs during the year ended December 31, 2021. As a result of the ABL Amendment, unamortized deferred financing costs of and original issue discount of associated with the ABL Credit Agreement were written off as debt extinguishment costs during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Aggregate Long-term Debt Maturities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

Other postretirement benefit plan liabilities Derivative liabilities Finance lease and financing obligation liabilities Reserve for uncertain tax positions Other 
 
 F-46 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

to mitigate interest rate volatility from July 2016 through July 2020 by employing varying cap rates, ranging from to on of notional variable-rate debt. 
 In November 2018, the Company entered into additional interest rate cap agreements to mitigate interest rate volatility from July 2020 through July 2022, with a cap rate of on of notional variable-rate debt and a premium annuitized during the effective period. In February 2020, the Company restructured these agreements to lower the interest cap rate to with an incremental premium annuitized during the effective period. In March 2020, the Company again amended such interest rate cap agreements to lower the cap rate to and paid an additional premium annuitized during the effective period. The term and notional amount remained unchanged, and the total cumulative annuitized premium on the of notional variable-rate debt was . 
 Upon the expiration of the July 2016 interest rate cap agreements in July 2020, the Company entered into additional interest rate cap agreements to mitigate interest rate volatility from August 2020 to August 2023, with a cap rate of on of notional variable-rate debt. The total annuitized premium on the of notional variable-rate debt was . 
 In August 2021, PQ Corporation novated of its interest rate caps to Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC. Other than the novation, there were no other changes to the interest rate caps in connection with the novation. 
 In January 2022, the Company entered into new forward starting interest rate cap agreements, with notional amounts of each and with a cap rate of . The term for one of the interest rate caps is July 2022 through October 2024 and the term for the other is September 2023 through October 2025. The total cumulative annuitized premium is . The cap rate in effect at December 31, 2022 was . 
 In November 2022, the Company entered into a new interest rate cap agreement to mitigate interest rate volatility from July 2023 through July 2024, with a cap rate of on of notional variable-rate debt and annuitized premium of during the effective period, and mitigate interest rate volatility from July 2024 through July 2026, with a cap rate of and notional variable-rate debt and annuitized premium of during the effective period. 
 On February 21, 2023, we amended all existing interest rate cap agreements to replace LIBOR with SOFR as the benchmark interest rate, with all other terms of the agreements remaining the same. 
 Use of Derivative Financial Instruments to Manage Foreign Currency Risk. The Company is exposed to risks related to its net investments in foreign operations due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and prior to the sale of the Performance Materials and Performance Chemicals businesses, particularly between the United States dollar and the Euro. 
 The Company entered into multiple cross-currency interest rate swap arrangements with an aggregate notional amount of in October 2019 to hedge the exposure on the net investments of certain of its Euro-denominated 
 F-47 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

. The Company paid in cash to settle the swaps, which is included in n et cash used in investing activities, discontinued operations in the Company s consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, as the underlying subsidiary subject to the net investment hedging relationship was part of the Performance Chemicals business. 
 As the derivatives were designated and qualified as net investment hedges, changes in the fair value of the swaps attributable to changes in the spot exchange rates are recognized in cumulative translation adjustment CTA within OCI and are held there until the hedged net investments are sold or substantially liquidated. Changes in the fair value of the swaps attributable to the cross currency basis spread were excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and were recorded in current period earnings. Upon such sale or liquidation, the amount recognized in CTA was reclassified to earnings and reported in the same line item as the gain or loss on the liquidation of the net investments. In connection with the sales of the Performance Materials business in December 2020 and Performance Chemicals business in August 2021, amounts deferred in CTA related to the cross-currency swaps were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income and recognized as part of the respective losses on sale. 
 Interest rate caps Other long-term assets Total derivative assets Derivative liabilities: Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Interest rate caps Accrued liabilities Interest rate caps Other long-term liabilities Total derivative liabilities 
 
 ) ) ) 
 F-48 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 ) ) ) ) ) The effects of cash flow hedging: Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: Interest contracts: Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income ) ) ) 
 The amount of unrealized losses in AOCI related to the Company s cash flow hedges that is expected to be reclassified to the consolidated statement of income over the next twelve months is as of December 31, 2022. 
 ) Net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax (1) 
 Interest (expense) income 
 . 
 
 ) Foreign Total 
 F-49 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

State Foreign Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) 
 
 State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit ) Changes in uncertain tax positions Rate changes Stock compensation Compensation Disallowance under 162(m) Foreign tax credits ) ) Research and development tax credits ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) 
 
 F-50 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Interest disallowance carryforward Pension Operating lease liability Other State credits Foreign withholding tax credits Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation ) ) Inventory ) ) Intangibles ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 Under the tax laws of various jurisdictions in which we operate, deductions or credits that cannot be fully utilized for tax purposes during the year may be carried forward, subject to statutory limitations, to reduce taxable income or taxes payable in a future year. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has indefinite carryforwards of foreign withholding tax credits. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance against the foreign withholding tax credits as it is more likely than not that the benefit from these foreign tax credits will never be realized. The Company has of deferred tax assets related to state tax credits, which are subject to a 16-year carryforward period. A partial valuation allowance of has been recorded due to the expected expiration of these credits before they are able to be utilized. The Company has of deferred tax assets related to state net operating losses, which are subject to various carryforward periods of 5 to 20 years or an indefinite carryforward period. A partial valuation allowance of has been recorded due to the expected expiration of these state net operating losses before they are able to be utilized. 
 The change in net deferred tax liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was primarily related to activity connected to book amortization of intangible assets with no corresponding tax basis reducing those deferred tax liabilities, activity with respect to tax deductible goodwill, activity with respect to interest rate caps recorded against other comprehensive income, and activity with respect to stock compensation. 
 
 F-51 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

in 2022. The valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 was related to state net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits that, in the judgment of management, are not more likely than not to be realized. In assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets, management considered whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considered the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods), projected future taxable income, and tax-planning strategies that are prudent in making this assessment. In order to fully realize deferred tax assets, the Company will need to generate future taxable income prior to the expiration of the net operating loss and credit carryforwards. The amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced. 
 The cumulative unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries outside the United States are considered permanently reinvested, for which no withholding taxes have been provided. Such earnings are expected to be reinvested indefinitely and, as a result, no deferred tax liability has been recognized with regard to such earnings. Determination of the deferred withholding tax liability on these unremitted earnings is not practicable. 
 The Company had total unrecognized tax benefits of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and there was no activity related to these balances during the year then ended. If these amounts are recognized in future periods, it would affect the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations for the years in which they are recognized. 
 To the extent interest and penalties are not assessed with respect to uncertain tax positions, amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax provision in the period for which the event occurs requiring the adjustment. The Company recorded accrued interest and penalties amounting to as of December 31, 2022 in other long-term liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets. The Company did t record accrued interest and penalties in December 31, 2021. 
 The Company files numerous consolidated and separate income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in many state and foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 Given that the Company has utilized state net operating loss in the current and prior years, the statute for examination by the state taxing authorities will typically remain open for a period following the use of such net operating loss carryforwards, extending the period for examination beyond the years indicated above. 
 
 F-52 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Foreign 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA imposes a corporate alternative minimum tax for certain large corporations with average annual adjusted financial statement income in excess of billion for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, levies a excise tax on net stock repurchases after December 31, 2022, and provides tax incentives to promote clean energy. Historically the Company has made discretionary share repurchases under its share repurchase programs. Beginning in 2023, these transactions will be subject to the excise tax of the IRA. Based on the Company s historical net repurchase activity, the excise tax and the other provisions of the IRA are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s results of operations or financial position. 
 
 F-53 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Interest cost Plan settlements ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Actuarial gains ) ) Translation adjustment ) Benefit obligation at end of the period Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period Actual return on plan assets ) Plan settlements ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Translation adjustment ) Fair value of plan assets at end of the period Funded status of the plans (underfunded) ) ) 
 The total actuarial gains for the year ended December 31, 2022 was , which was driven by declines in the discount rates of and declines in general experience of . 
 The total actuarial gains for the year ended December 31, 2021 was , which was driven by declines in the discount rates of and changes in the lump sum conversion of offset by changes in mortality assumptions of and declines in general experience of . 
 F-54 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net amount recognized ) )) Gross amount recognized ) Deferred income taxes ) Net amount recognized ) ) 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of net loss Settlement loss (gain) recognized ) Net periodic (benefit) expense ) ) ) 
 All components of net periodic benefit cost other than service cost are presented within other expense (income), net in the Company s consolidated statements of income. 
 ) Translation adjustment ) Amortization or settlement recognition of net gain (loss) ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income ) 
 The net amount of projected benefit obligation and plan assets for all underfunded plans was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was classified as noncurrent liabilities. 
 
 F-55 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 Rate of compensation increase (1) 
 N/A N/A 
 Significant weighted average assumptions used in determining net periodic benefit cost include the following: 
 U.S. Foreign Years ended December 31, Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2021 2020 Discount rate Rate of compensation increase (1) 
 N/A N/A Expected return on assets 
 
 (1) Includes only plans not frozen to benefit accruals for the respective periods. 
 The discount rate was determined by utilizing a yield curve model. The model develops a spot rate curve based on the yields available from a broad-based universe of high quality corporate bonds. The discount rate is then set as the weighted average spot rate, using the respective plan s expected benefit cash flows as the weights. 
 The investment objective for the plans is to generate returns sufficient to meet future obligations. The strategy to meet the objective includes generating attractive returns using higher returning assets such as equity securities and balancing risk using less volatile assets such as fixed income securities. The plans invest in an allocation of assets across the two broadly-defined financial asset categories of equity and fixed income securities. The target allocations for the plan assets across the U.S. plans are as follows: equity securities and fixed income investments for the Eco Services Pension Equity Plan; and equity securities and fixed income investments for the Eco Services Hourly Pension Plan. 
 The Company classifies plan assets based upon a fair value hierarchy (see Note 8 to these consolidated financial statements for further information). The classification of each asset within the hierarchy is based on the lowest level input that is significant to its measurement. The fair value hierarchy consists of three levels as follows: 
 Level 1 Values are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets accessible at the measurement date. Active markets provide pricing data for trades occurring at least weekly and include exchanges and dealer markets. Level 1 assets primarily include investments in publicly traded equity securities and mutual funds. These securities (or the underlying investments of the funds) are actively traded and valued using quoted prices for identical securities from the market exchanges. 
 Level 2 Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices from those willing to trade in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by market data for the term of the instrument. Such inputs include market interest rates and volatilities, 
 F-56 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Equity securities: U.S. investment funds International investment funds Fixed income securities: Government securities Corporate bonds Total December 31, 2021 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Cash and cash equivalents Equity securities: U.S. investment funds International investment funds Fixed income securities: Government securities Corporate bonds Total 
 
 F-57 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028-2032 
 The Company does expect to contribute to its pension plans in 2023. 
 
 Other Postretirement Benefit Plan 
 Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) Premiums paid ) ) Actuarial gains ) ) Benefit obligation at end of period Change in plan assets: Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Premiums paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of period Funded status of the plan (underfunded) ) ) 
 The total actuarial gains for the year ended December 31, 2022 was , which was driven by increases in the discount rates. 
 The total actuarial gains for the year ended December 31, 2021 was , which was driven by increases in the discount rates of , changes in mortality assumptions of , and general experience of .) ) Noncurrent liability ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) 
 F-58 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Net gain (loss) ) Gross amount recognized Deferred income taxes ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) 
 Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) Amortization of net loss Net periodic benefit ) ) ) 
 All components of net periodic benefit cost other than service cost are presented within other expense (income), net in the Company s consolidated statements of income.) ) Amortization of prior service credit Amortization or settlement recognition of net loss ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income ) ) 
 The discount rate used in determining the other postretirement benefit plan obligation was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The discount rate used in determining net periodic benefit cost was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There was no rate of interest crediting rate, as there are no cash balance accounts associated with this plan. 

F-59 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028-2032 
 The Company expects to contribute to the retiree health plan in 2023. There are no expected Medicare subsidy receipts expected in future periods. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 The Company also has defined contribution plans covering domestic employees of the Company and a foreign subsidiary. The Company recorded expenses of , and related to these plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 shares of common stock were available for issuance under the plan. The Company settles these awards through the issuance of new shares. 
 Modifications 
 Sale of Performance Chemicals 
 As described in Note 9 to these consolidated financial statements, the Company s Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of per share to stockholders of record as of the close of business on August 12, 2021. The dividend declaration also included a dividend equivalent for all unvested restricted stock units, performance stock units and restricted stock awards (collectively, the awards as of August 23, 2021 equal to per award. Additionally, the Company s Board of Directors approved a reduction in the strike price on all outstanding vested and unvested stock options by the amount of the dividend payment. 
 Further, with respect to stock options and awards held by employees of Performance Chemicals at the time of the sale (see Note 5 to these consolidated financial statements), the Company s Board of Directors approved modifications to the post-termination stock option exercise, and stock option and award vesting periods. The modifications provided that all stock options held by Performance Chemicals employees that were vested as of the date of the sale are eligible to be exercised for a period of one year from the date of the sale. Additionally, modifications to unvested stock options and awards allowed holders to continue to vest in those instruments under the original terms of the instruments for a period of up to one year from the date of sale, depending on the award. The terms of the modifications to the Performance Chemicals awards are contingent upon the employee providing continued service to the Buyer. 
 The modifications impacted all holders of the Company s stock options and awards, and along with modifications for a retired executive during the same period, resulted in incremental stock-based compensation expense recognized at the time of the modifications of during the year ended December 31, 2021. Of this amount, was included in loss from discontinued operations, net of tax on the Company s consolidated statements of income. 

F-60 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

per share to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 21, 2020. The dividend declaration also included a dividend equivalent for all unvested awards as of December 21, 2020 equal to per award. Additionally, the Company s Board of Directors approved a reduction in the strike price on all outstanding vested and unvested stock options by the amount of the dividend payment. 
 Further, with respect to stock options and awards held by employees of Performance Materials at the time of the sale (see Note 4 to these consolidated financial statements), the Company s Board of Directors approved modifications to the post-termination stock option exercise, and stock option and award vesting periods. The modifications provided that all stock options held by Performance Materials employees that were vested as of the date of the sale are eligible to be exercised for a period of one year from the date of the sale. Additionally, modifications to unvested stock options and awards allowed holders to continue to vest in those instruments under the original terms of the instruments for a period of one year from the date of sale. The terms of the modifications to the Performance Materials awards are contingent upon the employee providing continued service to the Purchaser. 
 The modifications impacted all holders of the Company s stock options and awards, and resulted in incremental stock-based compensation expense recognized at the time of the modifications of during the year ended December 31, 2020. Of this amount, was included in loss from discontinued operations, net of tax on the Company s consolidated statements of income. 
 Stock Options 
 The Company has issued stock options to purchase Ecovyst Inc. common stock as part of its equity incentive compensation program. There are various vesting conditions associated with stock options issued prior to the launch of the Company s initial pubic offering IPO in September 2017, including satisfaction of certain service and/or performance based conditions. Subsequent to the IPO, the Company s stock option grants have been subject to graded vesting conditions based on service. The maximum contractual term of the Company s stock options is . 
 F-61 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2020 (1) Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 (2) Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Reflects the impact of the reduction in the strike price on all outstanding vested and unvested stock options by per share as described above. 
 (2) Reflects the impact of the reduction in the strike price on all outstanding vested and unvested stock options by per share as described above. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value per the above table represents the difference between the fair value the Company s common stock on the last trading day of the reporting period (determined in accordance with the plan terms) and the exercise price of in-the-money stock options multiplied by the respective number of stock options as of that date. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the resulting tax benefits recognized by the Company were and , respectively, and were material for the year ended December 31, 2020. Additionally, cash proceeds received by the Company from the exercise of stock options were t material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 There were no stock option awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of its stock option grants. 
 Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units and Performance Stock Units 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 The Company has granted restricted stock awards subject to vesting conditions based on (1) service only, (2) performance only, or (3) a combination of service and performance conditions, dependent on which event occurs first. The vesting requirements for the majority of these awards were based upon the achievement of a performance condition. As defined in the award agreements, each award subject to the performance condition fully vests upon the occurrence of a defined liquidity event upon which certain investment funds affiliated with CCMP receive proceeds exceeding certain thresholds. Although achievement of the performance condition is subject to continued service with the Company, the terms of awards issued with performance conditions stipulate that the performance vesting condition can be attained for a period of six months following separation from service under certain circumstances, depending on the means of separation from the Company and subject to other factors such as individual separation agreements. The same 
 F-62 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

of service for members of the Company s board of directors and of service for employees. The value of the restricted stock units granted by the Company is based on the average of the high and low trading prices of the Company s common stock on the NYSE on the preceding trading day, in accordance with the Company s policy for valuing such awards. Compensation expense related to the restricted stock units is recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective vesting period. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 2019 Grants 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors Compensation Committee certified the achievement of the performance metrics for the three -year period ended December 31, 2021, related to the performance stock units granted during the year ended December 31, 2019. These awards provided the recipients with the right to receive shares of common stock dependent on the achievement of two Company-specific financial performance targets and the provision of service through the vesting date, with each award holder eligible to earn a percentage of the target number of shares granted to the holder, ranging from to . The awards vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 at of target. 
 2020 Grants 
 The Company granted performance stock units (at target) during the year ended December 31, 2020. The performance stock units granted in 2020 provide the recipients with the right to receive shares of common stock dependent 50 on the achievement of a Company-specific financial performance target and 50 on a total shareholder return TSR goal, and are generally subject to the provision of service through the vesting date of the award. The Company-specific financial performance target and the TSR goal are measured independently of each other, but achievement of both of the metrics is measured based on the same three-year performance period from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The TSR goal is based on the Company s relative TSR performance against the companies included in the Russell 2000 Index over the performance period. Achievement of the Company-specific financial performance target is measured based on the average levels of achievement across the performance period. Depending on the Company s performance against the predetermined thresholds for achievement, each performance stock unit award recipient is eligible to earn a percentage of the target number of shares granted to the recipient, ranging from to . The performance stock units, to the extent earned, will vest on the date the Compensation Committee certifies the achievement of the performance metrics for the three -year period ending December 31, 2022, which will occur subsequent to the end of the performance period and after the Company files its annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company adjusted the anticipated vesting amount of these awards to approximately 37 of target based on actual performance. 
 The value of the portion of the performance stock units granted during the year ended December 31, 2020 eligible to be earned based on the achievement of the Company-specific financial performance target was measured on the same basis as that of the restricted stock units, and based on the target number of shares granted; because the performance vesting conditions affect the ability of the recipients to vest in the awards, they are not factored into the fair value measure of the award. Compensation expense related to such performance stock units is recognized ratably over the requisite service period, and the Company must assess the probability that the performance conditions will be met each reporting period and the level at which they are estimated to be attained. Should the probability assessment change during a given reporting period, the total compensation cost (both recognized and unrecognized) will be adjusted to reflect the revised assessment. 
 F-63 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

weighted average fair value of the portion of the awards subject to the TSR goal, with the following weighted average assumptions: 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected term (in years) 
 
 2021 Grants 
 The Company granted performance stock units (at target) during the year ended December 31, 2021 that provide the recipients with the right to receive shares of common stock dependent on the achievement of a TSR goal, and are generally subject to the provision of service through the vesting date of the award. The performance period for the TSR goal is measured based on a three -year performance period from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2023. The TSR goal is based on the Company s actual TSR percentage increase over the performance period. Depending on the Company s performance relative to the TSR goal, each performance stock unit award recipient is eligible to earn a percentage of the target number of shares granted to the recipient, ranging from to . The performance stock units, to the extent earned, will vest on the date the Compensation Committee certifies the achievement of the performance metric for the three-year period ending December 31, 2023, which will occur subsequent to the end of the performance period and after the Company files its annual consolidated financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2023. weighted average fair value of the awards, with the following weighted average assumptions: 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected term (in years) 
 F-64 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

performance stock units (at target) under its equity incentive plan. The performance stock units granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 provide the recipients with the right to receive shares of common stock dependent on the achievement of a TSR goal, and are generally subject to the provision of service through the vesting date of the award. The performance period for the TSR goal is measured based on a three -year performance period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024. The TSR goal is based on the Company s actual TSR percentage increase over the performance period. Depending on the Company s performance relative to the TSR goal, each performance stock unit award recipient is eligible to receive a percentage of the target number of shares granted to the recipient, ranging from to . The performance stock units, to the extent earned, will vest on the date the Compensation Committee certifies the achievement of the performance metric for the three-year period ending December 31, 2024, which will occur subsequent to the end of the performance period and after the Company files its annual consolidated financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2024. 
 weighted average fair value of the awards, with the following weighted average assumptions: 
 Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected term (in years) 
 Award Activity 
 (2) Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Nonvested as of December 31, 2020 (1) (2) Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) (1) ) ) Nonvested as of December 31, 2021 (1) (2) Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Nonvested as of December 31, 2022 (2) 
 
 (1) Reflects the impact of the modification on all unvested restricted stock awards as described above. 
 (2) Based on target. 
 F-65 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

, and , respectively. The total fair value of restricted stock units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The total fair value of performance stock units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Total Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total stock-based compensation expense for the Company on a continuing operations basis was , and , respectively. The associated income tax benefit recognized in the statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options or nonvested restricted stock awards subject to service vesting conditions. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation cost was for restricted stock units and for performance stock units considered probable of vesting. The weighted-average period over which these costs are expected to be recognized at December 31, 2020 is years for the restricted stock units and years for the performance stock units. expense has been recognized for any stock options subject to the performance condition for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and no expense has been recognized for any restricted stock awards subject to the performance condition for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as the performance-based criteria was not achieved nor considered probable of achievement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, of stock-based compensation expense was recognized for a modification to a set of restricted stock awards subject to the performance condition for an individual whose awards immediately vested in connection with a separation agreement. 
 Restricted stock awards and stock options issued with performance conditions vest based on the occurrence of a defined liquidity event upon which certain investment funds affiliated with CCMP receive proceeds exceeding certain thresholds. If an exit event occurs that exceeds the defined threshold, then all of these restricted stock awards and stock options of the Company vest , with no potential for partial vesting or excess achievement. If an exit event or events occur with no further possibility of meeting the defined threshold, then all of the Company s restricted stock awards and stock options subject to the performance vesting condition will be forfeited. In addition to the defined liquidity event, subsequent to the Company s IPO, the performance vesting condition can also be achieved if the average closing trading price of the Company s common stock on the NYSE over any consecutive ten-day trading period equals or exceeds a price that would be equivalent to the achievement of the threshold proceeds to CCMP. See Note 24 to these consolidated financial statements for further information on the number of restricted stock awards and stock options outstanding subject to performance-based vesting. 
 
 F-66 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Dilutive effect of unvested common shares and restricted stock units with service conditions, performance stock units considered probable of vesting and assumed stock option exercises and conversions Weighted average shares outstanding Diluted 
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations attributable to Ecovyst Inc. ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Ecovyst Inc. ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Weighted average shares outstanding Diluted Net income (loss) per share: Basic income per share - continuing operations Diluted income per share - continuing operations Basic (loss) income per share - discontinued operations ) ) Diluted (loss) income per share - discontinued operations ) ) Basic income (loss) per share ) ) Diluted income (loss) per share ) ) 
 
 F-67 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Stock options with performance only targets not yet achieved Anti-dilutive restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance stock units Anti-dilutive stock options 
 Restricted stock awards and stock options with performance only vesting conditions are not included in the dilution calculation, as the performance targets have not been achieved nor were probable of achievement as of the end of the respective periods. Certain stock options to purchase shares of common stock were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the respective periods, because the combination of the options exercise price and remaining unamortized stock-based compensation expense was greater than the average market price of the common shares. Anti-dilutive awards are not included in the dilution calculation, as their inclusion would have the effect of increasing diluted income per share. 
 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to address remaining subsurface remedial and wetlands/marsh management activities at the Company s Martinez, CA site. Although currently a sulfuric acid regeneration plant, the site originally was operated by Mountain Copper Company Mococo as a copper smelter. Also, the site sold iron pyrite to various customers and allowed their customers to deposit waste iron pyrite cinder and slag on the site. The property is adjacent to Peyton Slough, where Mococo had a permitted discharge point from its process. In 1997, the San Francisco Bay Regional Water Quality Control Board RWQCB required characterization and remediation of Peyton Slough for Copper, Zinc and Acidic Soils. Various remediation activities were undertaken and completed, and the site has received final concurrence from the Army Corps with respect to the completed work. The RWQCB has agreed that Eco Services LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Eco Services ), has achieved the goals for vegetative cover. The current marsh condition is being sustained by the opening and subsequent closing of the tide gates on a once per year basis. The Company is continuing to indicate to the RWQCB a plan to involve Contra Costa County and work towards development of an alliance for operating, maintaining and funding the tide gates is appropriate. The Company is currently in the process of obtaining permits for the long-term maintenance of Peyton Slough. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded a reserve of and , respectively, for subsurface remediation and the Soil Vapor Extraction Project at the Company s Dominguez, CA site. In the 1980s and 1990s, the EPA and the Los Angeles Regional Water Quality Control Board conducted investigations of the site due to historic chlorinated pesticide and chlorinated solvent use. Soil and groundwater beneath the site were impacted by chlorinated solvents and associated breakdown products, petroleum hydrocarbons, chlorinated pesticides and metals. A Corrective Measures Plan approved in October 2011 requires (1) soil vapor extraction SVE in affected areas, (2) covering of unpaved areas containing pesticide impacted soil, and (3) annual groundwater monitoring of the perched water-bearing zone. Annual groundwater sampling and soil vapor monitoring indicates that the SVE system has been 
 F-68 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

. Letters of credit are guarantees of payment to third parties. The Company s letters of credit are used primarily as collateral for various items, including environmental, energy and insurance payments. The letters of credit are supported by the Company s ABL facility. 
 
 , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The terms of this lease are evergreen as long as the ZI Partnership Agreement is in place. The Partnership had sales to the Company during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Partnership purchases certain of its raw materials from the Company and is charged for various manufacturing costs incurred at the Company s Kansas City production facility. The amount of these costs charged to the Partnership were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Certain administrative, marketing, engineering, management-related, and research and development services are provided to the Partnership by the Company. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Partnership was charged , and , respectively, for these services. In addition, the Partnership was charged certain product demonstration costs of , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These charges to the Partnership are recorded as reductions in either cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income, depending on the nature of the expenditures. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an accounts receivable from the Partnership of and . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were accounts payable with the Partnership. 
 Other 
 From time to time, the Company makes sales to and purchases raw materials from portfolio companies of funds that are affiliated with INEOS Capital Partners. The Company had sales of , and to companies affiliated with INEOS Capital Partners during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 Purchases of raw materials from companies affiliated with INEOS Capital Partners were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 F-69 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Gross profit Operating income Net income from continuing operations Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income Net income attributable to Ecovyst Inc. Earnings per common share - basic: Continued operations Discontinued operations Net earnings per share - basic Earnings per common share - diluted: Continued operations Discontinued operations Net earnings per share - diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 F-70 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Gross profit Operating income Net (loss) income from continuing operations ) ) Net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) Less: Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest - discontinued operations Net (loss) income attributable to Ecoyvst Inc. ) ) ) (Loss) Earnings per common share - basic: Continuing operations ) ) Discontinued operations ) ) Net (loss) earnings per share - basic ) ) ) (Loss) Earnings per common share - diluted: Continuing operations ) ) Discontinued operations ) ) Net (loss) earnings per share - diluted ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 F-71 

ECOVYST INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Interest (1) 
 Non-cash investing activity (2) : 
 Capital expenditures acquired on account but unpaid as of the year end 
 
 (1) Cash paid for interest is shown net of capitalized interest for the periods presented and excludes and of net interest proceeds on swaps designated as net investment hedges for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are included within cash flows from investing activities, discontinued operations in the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 (2) For the supplemental non-cash information on lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use lease assets, see Note 14 to these consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 Restricted cash included in prepaid and other current assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 F-72 

Table of Contents 

Equity in net (income) loss from subsidiaries ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Pension and postretirement benefits ) Net gain from hedging activities Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 
 
 F-73 

Table of Contents 

 Total assets LIABILITIES Total liabilities STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common stock par); authorized shares ; issued shares and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; outstanding shares and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Preferred stock par); authorized shares ; shares issued or outstanding on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock, at cost; shares and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 

F-74 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in net income from subsidiaries ) Stock compensation expense Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Distribution from subsidiaries Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Dividends paid to stockholders ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period of continuing operations 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 

F-75 

Table of Contents 

 F-76 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Auditors 

To the Management Committee of Zeolyst International: 
 
 Opinion 
 We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Zeolyst International (the Partnership ), which comprise the balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations and accumulated earnings, of changes in partners capital and of cash flows for the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). 
 In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the three years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
 Emphasis Of Matter 
 As discussed within Footnote 15 to the financial statements, the Partnership has significant related party transactions. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 
 Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date the financial statements are available to be issued. 
 Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors' report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with US GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements. 
 In performing an audit in accordance with US GAAS, we: 
 Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 
 F-77 

Table of Contents 

 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements. 
 Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 
 We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 28, 2023 

F-78 

Table of Contents 

 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash 5,408 29,651 Trade receivables, net: Receivables from third parties 43,363 28,208 Receivables from affiliates 42,622 42,138 Inventories 138,135 116,480 Other current assets 4,733 1,210 Total current assets 234,261 217,687 Property, plant and equipment, net 115,782 130,885 Intangible assets 4,950 6,000 Right-of-use lease asset 5,831 5,950 Other long-term assets 3,504 270 Total assets 364,328 360,792 LIABILITIES Trade accounts payable 16,399 13,429 Accounts payable to affiliates 14,206 17,431 Operating lease liability current 109 109 Accrued liabilities 4,277 6,848 Total current liabilities 34,991 37,817 Operating lease liability noncurrent 5,721 5,841 Revolver 10,000 Total liabilities 50,712 43,658 Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) PARTNERS CAPITAL Contributed capital 54,930 54,930 Accumulated earnings 258,686 262,204 Net partners capital 313,616 317,134 Total liabilities and partners' capital 364,328 360,792 
 
 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 F-79 

Table of Contents 

 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND ACCUMULATED EARNINGS 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Sales 155,744 183,772 129,708 Related party sales 109,316 78,892 127,538 Total sales 265,060 262,664 257,246 Cost of goods sold 87,116 101,967 85,744 Related party cost of goods sold 72,251 59,626 83,018 Total cost of goods sold 159,367 161,593 168,762 Gross profit 105,693 101,071 88,484 Selling, general and administrative expenses (SG A) 4,999 5,632 3,133 Related party SG A 33,463 28,333 32,204 Other operating (income) expense, net (31) 20 (323) Operating income 67,262 67,086 53,470 Interest expense, net 270 144 224 Other expense (income), net 510 988 (194) Net income 66,482 65,954 53,440 Accumulated earnings at beginning of year 262,204 246,250 272,810 Dividends paid (70,000) (50,000) (80,000) Accumulated earnings at end of year 258,686 262,204 246,250 
 
 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 
 F-80 

Table of Contents 

 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS CAPITAL 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Contributed capital Accumulated earnings Net partners' capital Ecovyst, Inc.: Balance, January 1, 2020 27,465 136,405 163,870 Dividends paid (40,000) (40,000) Net income 26,720 26,720 Balance, December 31, 2020 27,465 123,125 150,590 Dividends paid (25,000) (25,000) Net income 32,977 32,977 Balance, December 31, 2021 27,465 131,102 158,567 Dividends paid (35,000) (35,000) Net income 33,241 33,241 Balance, December 31, 2022 27,465 129,343 156,808 CRI Zeolites Inc.: Balance, January 1, 2020 27,465 136,405 163,870 Dividends paid (40,000) (40,000) Net income 26,720 26,720 Balance, December 31, 2020 27,465 123,125 150,590 Dividends paid (25,000) (25,000) Net income 32,977 32,977 Balance, December 31, 2021 27,465 131,102 158,567 Dividends paid (35,000) (35,000) Net income 33,241 33,241 Balance, December 31, 2022 27,465 129,343 156,808 Total partners' capital at December 31, 2020 54,930 246,250 301,180 Total partners' capital at December 31, 2021 54,930 262,204 317,134 Total partners' capital at December 31, 2022 54,930 258,686 313,616 
 
 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 
 F-81 

Table of Contents 

 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income 66,482 65,954 53,440 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 20,393 18,460 17,397 Loss (Gain) on sale or disposal of capital assets 37 (5) 25 Amortization of deferred financing fees 51 45 30 Gain on sale of investment (372) Net change in returns allowance 37 340 (713) Net change in inventory reserve 300 (96) Other (3,326) Working capital changes that provided (used) cash: Receivables, including affiliates (15,675) (37,238) 47,163 Inventories (24,782) (18,143) 29,623 Other current assets (747) (532) 58 Accounts payable, including affiliates (1,320) 4,350 5,298 Other current liabilities (2,571) 3,883 (811) Net cash provided by operating activities 38,879 37,018 151,138 Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment (3,122) (5,054) (19,105) Proceeds from sale of investment 372 Net cash used in investing activities (3,122) (5,054) (18,733) Cash flows from financing activities: Draw down of revolver 46,000 Payments on revolver (36,000) (15,000) Revolver re-financing payments (150) (90) Payments of cash dividends (70,000) (50,000) (80,000) Net cash used in financing activities (60,000) (50,150) (95,090) Net change in cash (24,243) (18,186) 37,315 Cash at beginning of period 29,651 47,837 10,522 Cash at end of period 5,408 29,651 47,837 Non-cash investing activity: Capital expenditures acquired on account but unpaid 1,066 1,969 1,816 
 
 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 
 F-82 

Table of Contents 
 
 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands) 

1. Organization: 
 Zeolyst International is a Kansas general partnership Partnership by and between Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC Ecovyst and CRI Zeolites Inc. CRI ), a Royal Dutch Shell affiliate (collectively, the Partners formed pursuant to a Partnership Agreement dated February 1, 1988, as amended the Agreement ). Pursuant to a Contribution, Assignment, and Assumption Agreement dated July 29, 2021 (the Contribution Agreement by and between Ecovyst and PQ Corporation PQ ), PQ transferred and Ecovyst assumed PQ s interest in the Partnership and the Agreement. The percentage interests as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 
 Ecovyst 50 CRI 50 
 The Partnership was formed pursuant to the Kansas Uniform Partnership Act. The Agreement specifies that the partners share equally in capital contributions. The Agreement states that the profits and losses of the Partnership will be allocated in accordance with the partners interests in the Partnership. The intent of the Partnership is to develop, manufacture, and sell zeolites and zeolite-containing catalysts. 
 The Partnership has significant transactions with its partners and related affiliates. See Note 15 for further information on related party transactions. 
 
 2. Partnership Business: 
 The Partnership manufactures zeolites and zeolytic catalysts that are used by refiners to capture impurities in the processing of petroleum based feed streams while increasing value. The selectivity and activity of zeolites used for this purpose can improve yields and have a general life cyle of 3-4 years. As a result, a significant portion of the Partnership s customer base tends to change on an annual basis. A significant percentage of the base materials purchased for the Partnership s manufacturing process are acquired from related parties. In addition, a significant portion of the Partnership s sales are transacted through Criterion Catalyst Company Criterion which is a subsidiary of CRI. The Partnership compensates Criterion with a 2 sales commission or royalty fee on specific sales transactions. 
 
 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: 
 These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are accounted for on a historical cost basis and do not reflect the results of any purchase accounting adjustments recorded in the Partners respective consolidated financial statements. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents include investments with original terms to maturity of 90 days or less from the time of purchase. 
 Trade Accounts Receivables and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts: Trade accounts receivables are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. The Partnership maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Allowances for doubtful accounts are based on historical experience and known factors regarding specific customers. If the financial condition of the Partnership s customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances would be required. Account balances are charged off against the allowance when it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. 
 Inventories: Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, valued on the first-in, first-out FIFO method. The Partnership establishes reserves for slow-moving and obsolete inventory. 
 Property, Plant and Equipment: Property, plant, and equipment are carried at cost and include expenditures for new facilities and major renewals and betterments. Interest is capitalized on capital projects as applicable. Maintenance, repairs and minor renewals are charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations. 
 F-83 

Table of Contents 
 
 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands) 

Depreciation is generally provided on the straight-line method based on estimated useful lives of the assets, ranging up to 33 years for buildings and improvements and 10 years for machinery and equipment. 
 We perform an impairment review of property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets when events and circumstances indicate that those assets may be impaired by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to their fair value. Fair value is determined using quoted market prices where available, or other techniques including discounted cash flows. The Partnership s estimates of future cash flows involve assumptions concerning future operating performance, economic conditions, and technological changes that may affect the future useful lives of the assets. 
 Leases . The Partnership has an evergreen land lease agreement with a remaining lease term of 29 years as of December 31, 2022. Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842, Leases ASC 842 ), does not provide definitive guidance as to determining the length of evergreen leasing arrangements. As such, the Partnership estimated the term of the lease agreement to be commensurate with the estimated useful life of the buildings located on the land that is being leased. Upon adoption of ASC 842 on January 1, 2019, the Partnership assigned a 33 year life to the land lease agreement. 
 When the Company enters into an arrangement, at inception, the Partnership determines if the arrangement contains a lease and whether that lease meets the classification criteria of a finance or operating lease. The Partnership s lease arrangement only contains lease components. The Partnership s lease agreement does not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 The Partnership recognizes a right-of-use lease asset and lease liability at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the remaining lease payments over the lease term. The Partnership was unable to readily determine the discount rate implicit in the lease agreement in accordance with the policy. As such, the Partnership utilized its incremental borrowing rate over the relevant lease term, which is the rate of interest that it would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. Short-term leases, which have an initial term of twelve months or less, are not recorded on the Partnership s balance sheet. 
 Lease expense for the operating lease is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The amortization expense component of the right-of-use lease asset is included in cost of goods sold and in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of income. 
 Intangibles and Other Long-term Assets: Other long-term assets primarily include intangible assets, at cost and spare parts. In May 2017, the Partnership made a 6,500 strategic investment for license of materials-based solutions for catalytic and separations processes. In April 2018, the Partnership made a 4,000 strategic investment to buy down royalty obligations related to certain license agreements. The Partnership amortizes these intangible assets over a ten-year period and includes the expense in selling, general and administrative expenses on its statements of operations. These investments are accounted for under the cost method of accounting. The Partnership incurred intangible asset related amortization expense of 1,050 for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to these investments. 
 Revenue Recognition: In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as the Partnership fulfills its obligations under its agreements, the Partnership performs the following steps: (i) identification of the contract with the customer; (ii) determination of whether the promised goods or services are performance obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measurement of the transaction price; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations based on estimated selling prices; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Partnership satisfies each performance obligation. 
 The Partnership identifies a contract when an agreement with a customer creates legally enforceable rights and obligations, which occurs when a contract has been approved by both parties, the parties are committed to perform their respective obligations, each party s rights and payment terms are clearly identified, commercial substance exists and it is probable that the Partnership will collect the consideration to which it is entitled. 
 The Partnership may recognize revenue from bill-and-hold arrangements initiated by a customer. Under these bill-and-hold arrangements, a customer pays for the goods, but does not take physical possession immediately. The Partnership considers satisfaction of performance obligations when they have finished manufacturing the products based 
 F-84 

Table of Contents 
 
 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands) 

on the agreed upon specifications in accordance with the order. These products are custom made to each customer s specifications and cannot be made available for use with another customer s order. Once the goods have been segregated in a designated space in the warehouse and the customer has been invoiced, title to the goods and risk of loss has transferred to the customer. The customers have access to their products to inspect and can take possession of even prior to the scheduled delivery dates. 
 The Partnership may offer rebates to customers who have reached a specified volume of optional purchases. The Partnership recognizes rebates given to customers as a reduction of revenue based on an allocation of the cost of honoring rebates earned and claimed to each of the underlying revenue transactions that result in progress by the customer toward earning the rebate. Rebates are recognized at the time revenue is recorded. The Partnership measures the rebate obligation based on the estimated amount of sales that will result in a rebate at the adjusted sales price per the respective sales agreement. 
 The Partnership recognizes revenue when all essential elements of the sales order have shipped and both title and risk of loss has passed to the customer. Hydrocracking and specialty catalyst orders are typically filled by a number of individual shipments, and those shipments may span the end of a fiscal quarter or year. If a portion of the order has not shipped and it is essential to the functionality of the customer s end use, revenue is recognized when the order is completed. A shipment is considered essential if each individual shipment has no value to the customer on a stand-alone basis and if the remaining shipment is not considered inconsequential and perfunctory. 
 The Partnership reserves 3 of the Hydrocracking Catalyst sales due to a clause in the contract that allows customers to return up to 5 of the unused products they purchase within 90 days, and based on historical experience. The total sales returns reserve was 1,052 and 1,015 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Shipping and Handling Costs: The Partnership classifies costs related to shipping and handling of products shipped to customers as cost of goods sold. 
 Research and Development: Research and development costs of 15,102, 13,068 and 13,554 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were expensed as incurred and reported in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. Costs include salaries, contractor fees, building costs, utilities, and administrative expenses. 
 Foreign Exchange Transactions: The functional currency of the Partnership is the U.S. Dollar. The Partnership enters into transactions that are denominated in other currencies. Gains and losses on foreign currency transactions are included in other (income) / expense, net on the statements of operations. Foreign exchange loss of 1,824 and 1,551 and gain of 41 were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Fair Value Measurements: The Partnership s financial assets and liabilities are reflected in the financial statements at amortized cost which approximates fair market value. Fair value is defined as the price at which an asset could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing market participants. A liability s fair value is defined as the amount that would be paid to transfer the liability to a market participant, not the amount that would be paid to settle the liability with a creditor. The Partnership s cash balances approximate fair value due to their short-term maturity. 
 Use of Estimates: The preparation of the Partnership s financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Reclassification and Correction of an Error. Certain reclassifications have been made to the historical presentation of the consolidated financial statements and the notes accompanying the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-85 

Table of Contents 
 
 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands) 

4. Recently Issued Accounting Standards: 
 In March 2020 and January 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued guidance to address certain accounting consequences from the anticipated transition from the use of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. The new guidance contains practical expedients for reference rate reform related activities that impact debt, leases, derivatives and other contracts. The guidance is optional and may be elected over time as reference rate reform activities occur. The time period through which the practical expedients provided in the guidance is available was set to expire on December 31, 2022, but was extended through December 31, 2024 by the FASB in December 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Partnership elected to apply the hedge accounting expedients related to probability and the assessments of effectiveness for future LIBOR-indexed cash flows to assume that the index upon which future hedged transactions will be based on matches the index of the corresponding derivatives. Application of these expedients preserves the presentation of derivatives consistent with past presentation. The Partnership continues to evaluate the impact of the guidance and may apply elections as applicable as additional changes in the market occur. 

5. Revenue from Contracts with Customers: 
 The Partnership applies the five-step revenue recognition model to each contract with its customers. Evidence of a contract between the Partnership and its customers may take the form of a master service agreement MSA ), a MSA in combination with an underlying purchase order, a combination of a pricing quote with an underlying purchase order or an individual purchase order received from a customer. The Partnership and certain of its customers enter into MSAs that establish the terms, including prices, under which orders to purchase goods may be placed. In cases where the MSA contains a distinct order for goods or contains an enforceable minimum quantity to be purchased by the customer, the Partnership considers the MSA to be evidence of a contract between the Partnership and its customer as the MSA creates enforceable rights and obligations. In cases where the MSA does not contain a distinct order for goods, the Partnership s contract with a customer is the purchase order issued under the MSA. Customers of the Partnership may also negotiate orders via pricing quotes, which typically detail product pricing, delivery terms and payment information. When a customer procures goods under this method, the Partnership considers the combination of the pricing quote and the purchase order to create enforceable rights and obligations. Absent either a MSA or pricing quote, the Partnership considers an individual purchase order to create enforceable rights and obligations. 
 The Partnership identifies a performance obligation in a contract for each promised good that is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract and for which the customer can benefit from the good. The Partnership s contracts have a single performance obligation, which is the promise to transfer individual goods to the customer. Single performance obligations are satisfied according to the shipping terms noted within the MSA or purchase order. 
 As described above, the Partnership s MSAs with its customers may outline prices for individual products or contract provisions. Revenue from product sales are recorded at the sales price, which includes estimates of variable consideration for which reserves are established and which result from discounts, returns or other allowances that are offered within contracts between the Partnership and its customers. 
 The Partnership recognizes revenues when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with its customer are satisfied, which generally occurs at a point in time by transferring control of a product to the customer. The Partnership determines the point in time when a customer obtains control of a product and the Partnership satisfies the performance obligation by considering factors including when the Partnership has a right to payment for the product, the customer has legal title to the product, the Partnership has transferred possession of the product, the customer has assumed the risks and rewards of ownership of the product and the customer has accepted the product. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Partnership expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods. The Partnership does not have any significant payment terms as payment is received at, or shortly after, the point of sale. 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities 
 A contract asset is a right to consideration in exchange for goods that the Partnership has transferred to a customer when that right is conditional on something other than the passage of time. A contract liability exists when the 
 F-86 

Table of Contents 
 
 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands) 

Partnership receives consideration in advance of performance obligations. The Partnership has not recorded any contract assets or contract liabilities on its balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Practical Expedients and Accounting Policy Elections 
 The Partnership has elected to use certain practical expedients and has made certain accounting policy elections as permitted under the new revenue recognition guidance. Certain of the Partnership s contracts with customers are based on an individual purchase order; thus, the duration of these contracts are for one year or less. The Partnership has made an accounting policy election to omit certain disclosures related to remaining performance obligations for contracts which have an initial term of one year or less. 
 The Partnership uses an output method to recognize revenues related to performance obligations. These performance obligations, as described above, are satisfied within a calendar year. As such, the Partnership has elected to utilize the as-invoiced practical expedient, which permits the Partnership to recognize revenue in the amount to which it has a right to invoice the customer, provided that the amount corresponds directly with the value provided by the performance obligation as completed to date. 
 When the Partnership performs shipping and handling activities after the transfer of control to the customer (e.g. when control transfers prior to delivery), they are considered fulfillment activities as opposed to separate performance obligations, and the Partnership recognizes revenue upon the transfer of control to the customer. Accordingly, the costs associated with these shipping and handling activities are accrued when the related revenue is recognized under the Partnership s policy election. The Partnership expenses incremental costs of obtaining a contract as incurred if the expected amortization period of the asset that the Partnership would have recognized is one year or less. Sales, value added and other taxes the Partnership collects concurrent with revenue producing activities are excluded from revenues. 
 Disaggregated Revenue 
 The following table disaggregates the Partnership s sales by end use for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Clean Fuels, Emission Control Other 206,907 227,586 202,885 Polymers Engineered Plastics 58,153 35,078 54,361 Total 265,060 262,664 257,246 

6. Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts: 
 The components of accounts receivable are as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Trade accounts receivable 87,037 71,362 Allowance (1,052) (1,016) 85,985 70,346 
 
 F-87 

Table of Contents 
 
 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands) 

7. Inventories: 
 Inventories were classified is as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Finished products and work in process 127,975 110,926 Raw materials and containers 10,160 5,554 138,135 116,480 

8. Property, Plant and Equipment: 
 A summary of property, plant and equipment, at cost, and related accumulated depreciation is as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Land and buildings 68,580 68,329 Machinery and equipment 213,612 213,684 Construction in progress 3,834 891 286,026 282,904 Less: accumulated depreciation (170,244) (152,019) 115,782 130,885 
 Depreciation expense was 19,254, 17,197 and 16,134 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Disposal of assets reduced PP E and accumulated depreciation by 1,014, 192, and 4,268, respectively with a 37 reduction, a 5 increase, and a 25 reduction to earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 9. Leases: 
 Operating lease costs of 310 are included in cost of goods sold on the consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash payments on operating leases included in operating cash flows was 310 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The weighted average lease term is 29 years with a weighted average discount rate of 3.25 . The current portion of the lease liability is included on the Partnership s balance sheet in other current liabilities. There was no finance lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-88 

Table of Contents 
 
 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands) 

Maturities of lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 Operating Lease 2023 310 2024 310 2025 310 2026 310 2027 310 Thereafter 7,440 Total lease payments 8,990 Less: Interest (3,159) Total lease liabilities 5,831 

10. Accrued Liabilities: 
 A summary of accrued liabilities is as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Accrued commissions 3,041 2,425 Accrued rebates 823 3,470 Accrued other 413 953 4,277 6,848 

11. Revolver: 
 On March 2, 2016, the Partnership entered into a five-year revolving line of credit facility of 60,000, which carries an initial interest rate of LIBOR or the base rate plus an interest margin of 0.75 per annum. 
 On May 26, 2020 this agreement was initially amended and extended to May 25, 2022. On November 30, 2021, this agreement was amended and extended to November 29, 2026. The interest rate on the facility is LIBOR or the base rate plus an interest margin of 1.00 per annum. A commitment fee is paid to the bank for this agreement. As of December 31, 2022, availability under this agreement was 50,000. 
 The revolving credit agreement contains certain restrictions and covenants that require the Partnership to maintain a minimum partners equity, as defined, of 200,000 plus 10 of net income, and a minimum EBITDA of 40,000 on a last twelve month basis measured quarterly. The Partnership was in compliance with all covenants during 2022. 
 Cash payments for interest were approximately 306, 150 and 225 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction. The carrying amount of the revolving line of credit approximates fair value because it is a short- term liquidity tool to fund operations, which is drawn down and paid back with cash generated from operations. 
 F-89 

Table of Contents 
 
 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands) 

12. Partners Contributions: 
 In accordance with the Agreement, in the event that cash flow from operations is insufficient to meet the Partnership s requirements, following a majority vote by the Management Committee of the Partnership to request capital from the partners, the partners will provide additional capital to enable the Partnership to meet its obligations. No such contributions were made during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020 as the Partnership had the ability to finance operations through cash flow from operations and borrowings under the Partnership s revolving line of credit facility. 
 
 13. Income Taxes: 
 As a partnership, Zeolyst International is not liable for the payment of taxes on income in the U.S. Net income and losses are allocated to the respective partners on an annual basis, and it is the partners responsibility to pay income taxes, if any, thereon according to their respective tax positions. 
 
 14. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities: 
 In 1998, the Partnership entered into a ten year tolling agreement the Tolling Agreement with CRI Belgium, a related party, for the manufacture of specialty extruded products. Effective January 2004, the 1998 Tolling Agreement was replaced by a new evergreen ten-year tolling agreement with CRI Belgium. Both parties can terminate this agreement without cause with twenty-four months notice. The Partnership pays CRI Belgium a daily charge rate based on the actual days of production. This charge is included in related party cost of goods sold and totaled 20,134, 19,617 and 15,700 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition, for certain capital expenditures, that are beneficial to the Partnership, the parties will mutually agree on future adjustments to the daily charge rates or propose an alternative method of the Partnership s contribution to those costs. 
 During 2007, the Partnership entered into a License Agreement with a third party to obtain exclusive licensing rights to use the technology in the manufacturing, using and selling of Powder catalyst and Shaped catalyst. The consideration for the licensing rights includes (1) a down payment of 3,200 payable in six annual installments to acquire the product license, and (2) royalty payments at a rate of 10 of the Powder and Shaped Net Sale price during the royalty period. As of December 31, 2021, the partnership has paid in full the 3,200 down payment. The product license intangible is being amortized over the life of the agreement on a straight-line basis, which is estimated to be 15 years. Amortization expense of 89 was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 213 was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The royalty period of 10 years began in 2013, immediately after the date on which the Partnership had cumulatively produced the first 250 metric tons of Powder and Shaped catalyst. If at the end of the Royalty Period, the cumulative of running royalties actually paid by the Partnership is less than 3,000, the Partnership will be obligated to pay the difference between the 3,000 and the actual cumulative running royalty amount. The agreement ended in 2022 and the Partnership paid 216 in March 2022. As of December 31, 2022 there were no liabilities recorded related this agreement and in December 31, 2021, there was 200 of liabilities recorded. 
 
 15. Related Party Transactions: 
 Policies and Procedures 
 The Partnership maintains certain policies and procedures for the review, approval, and ratification of related party transactions. All significant relationships and transactions are separately identified by management if they meet the definition of a related party or a related party transaction. Related party transactions include transactions that occurred during the year, in which the Partnership was or will be a participant and which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Due to the nature of the Partnership, material related party transactions are identified on a transaction-based approach. The types of transactions identified and reviewed include, but are not limited to, sales of products, purchases of inventory, tolling costs, sales and marketing costs, research and development, and management-related fees. All related party transactions are reviewed, approved and documented by the appropriate level of the Partnership s management in accordance with these policies and procedures. 
 F-90 

Table of Contents 
 
 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands) 

Ecovyst 
 Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, PQ transferred and Ecovyst assumed PQ s interest in a Lease Agreement by and between PQ and the Partnership dated February 1, 1988 (the Lease pursuant to which the Partnership leases certain land used in its Kansas City production facilities, and PQ transferred to Ecovyst the land underlying the Partnership s Kansas City production facility. The Lease, which has been recorded as an operating lease, provided for rental payments of 310, 310, and 310 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The rent expense is included in the related party cost of goods sold line item in the accompanying statements of operations. The term of the Lease continues as long as the Agreement is in effect. The Partnership purchases certain of its raw materials from Ecovyst and is charged for various manufacturing costs incurred at the Ecovyst Kansas City production facility. The amount of these costs charged to the Partnership by PQ and Ecovyst during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 23,699, 21,778 and 16,065, respectively. These costs are a component of production costs and are included in the related party cost of goods sold line item in the accompanying statements of operations when the inventory is sold. Certain administrative, marketing, engineering, management-related, and research and development services are provided to the Partnership by Ecovyst. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Partnership was charged by PQ and Ecovyst 13,908, 11,406 and 12,229, respectively, for these services. These amounts are included in the related party selling, general and administrative line item in the accompanying statements of operations. In addition, certain product demonstration costs of 1,621, 924 and 1,853 during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were recorded in the related party cost of goods sold line of the accompanying statements of operations. 
 The Partnership recognized no sales to Ecovyst for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and recognized 861 to the former wholly owned subsidiary of PQ in the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 14, 2020, PQ divested its ownership of this subsidiary. The Partnership reported activity prior to the date of sale as related party. Subsequent to the date of sale, the Partnership includes this activity as third party. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accounts payable to affiliates consisted of 2,636 and 2,943 due to Ecovyst. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no trade receivables due from Ecovyst. 
 On December 18, 2013, PQ and ZI, entered into a real estate tax abatement agreement with the Unified Government of Wyandotte County and Kansas City, Kansas, assigned by PQ to Ecovyst in 2021, that will utilize an Industrial Revenue Bond financing structure to achieve a 75 real estate tax abatement on the value of the improvements that will be constructed during the expansion of Ecovyst s and ZI s facilities at the jointly-operated Kansas City, Kansas plant. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the original IRB financing structure from December 2013 was exhausted. In order to fund future plant expansions, the Company entered into an additional IRB financing structure with similar terms and conditions, which also provides for 75 real estate tax abatements on the value of future improvements. The financing obligations and the industrial bonds receivable have been presented net, as the financing obligations and the industrial bonds meet the criteria for right of setoff conditions under GAAP. 
 CRI and Royal Dutch Shell Affiliates 
 Royal Dutch Shell affiliates include CRI, Criterion, Shell Development Company, Shell Research and Technology Center-Amsterdam, CRI Center Marketing Asia Pacific, Shell International Oil Products, CRI Belgium and CRI Technology Services. As described in Note 2, a significant portion of the Partnership s sales are transacted through Criterion. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Partnership recognized sales transacted through Criterion of 108,584, 78,892 and 126,677, respectively. The Partnership purchases certain of its raw materials and is charged for tolling, customer distribution and packaging costs incurred by Criterion. The amount of these costs charged to the Partnership during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 22,459, 24,590 and 21,686, respectively. These costs are a component of production costs and are included in the related party cost of goods sold line item in the accompanying statements of operations when the inventory is sold. Certain engineering, management-related, broker-related, and research and development services are provided to the Partnership by CRI and Royal Dutch Shell affiliates. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Partnership was charged 19,554, 16,927 and 19,975, respectively, for these services. These amounts are included in the related party selling, general and administrative line item in the accompanying statements of operations. 
 F-91 

Table of Contents 
 
 ZEOLYST INTERNATIONAL 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands) 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accounts payable to affiliates balance consisted of 11,570 and 9,498, respectively, due to CRI and Shell affiliates. Included in trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 36,030 and 42,138, respectively, of receivables related to sales transacted through Criterion, as described above. 
 Zeolyst C.V. 
 Zeolyst C.V. is a limited partnership formed in 1993 pursuant to a joint venture agreement between PQ Zeolites B.V. and CRI for the purpose of the production of Zeolite powders. The Partnership entered into an agreement with Zeolyst C.V. to purchase Zeolite powders manufactured by Zeolyst C.V. Under the terms of the agreement, products manufactured by Zeolyst C.V. are supplied solely to the Partnership. The Partnership has performed a qualitative and quantitative analysis and concluded that for Zeolyst C.V. for which it holds a variable interest but will not absorb a majority of the expected losses or residual returns, the Partnership is not the primary beneficiary and therefore, this VIE was not consolidated in the Partnership s consolidated financial statements. The Partnership has no unfunded commitments or guarantees as a result of its involvement with Zeolyst C.V. The total carrying value of assets and liabilities for Zeolyst C.V was 110,776 and 12,695 as of December 31, 2022 and was 109,050 and 7,150 as of December 31, 2021, respectively. The Partnership currently does not have any exposure to any losses by Zeolyst C.V. The Partnership has purchased 39,027, 54,366 and 43,104 through the sales agreement during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These costs are a component of production costs and are included in the related party cost of goods sold line item in the accompanying statements of operations when the inventory is sold. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accounts payable to affiliates balance consisted of 6,592 and 4,990, respectively, due to Zeolyst C.V. 
 
 16. Subsequent Events: 
 The Partnership has evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through February 28, 2023 and determined there are no further items to disclose. 
 F-92 

<EX-10.27>
 2
 ex1027-firstamendmentagree.htm
 EX-10.27

Document 

Exhibit 10.27 
 
 FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT , dated as of February 9, 2023 (this Amendment is entered into by and among Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Parent Borrower ), Eco Services Operations Corp., a Delaware corporation Eco Services ), Ecovyst Midco II Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 A. The Parent Borrower, Eco Services (a Borrower ), Holdings, and the other Borrowers and the Guarantors from time to time party thereto each Lender party thereto to from time to time and the Administrative Agent have entered into that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of June 9, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement and the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ). Except as otherwise provided herein, all capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 
 B. Certain loans under the Existing Credit Agreement bear interest, or incur or are permitted to incur fees, commissions or other amounts, based on USD LIBOR in accordance with the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 
 C. The Administrative Agent has made an Early Opt-in Election with respect to USD LIBOR and the applicable parties to the Existing Credit Agreement have determined that USD LIBOR should be replaced with Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) pursuant to this Amendment, in each case, in accordance with Section 2.14(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 
 D. The amendments and modifications set forth in this Amendment constitute Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (or other similar conforming changes) for purposes of the Existing Credit Agreement, and the Effective Date shall constitute the Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 
 Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . In accordance with Section 2.14(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement, (x) the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text as set forth in the changed pages of the Existing Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto and (y) the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended to replace Exhibits B, D and G with the exhibits attached as Exhibit B hereto. 
 
 SECTION 2. Effect of Amended Credit Agreement . 
 
 (a) Except as expressly set forth herein or in the Amended Credit Agreement, this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, 

obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit Agreement or the Amended Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or of any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle the Parent Borrower, any Loan Party or any other Person to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances. 
 
 (b) On the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended as set forth in Section 1 above. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or other document or instrument executed and delivered in connection herewith do not constitute a novation, or termination of the obligations of the Parent Borrower and each other Loan Party under the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Existing Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement, as in effect prior to the date hereof (collectively, the Obligations and (ii) such Obligations are in all respects continuing (as amended by this Amendment) with only the terms thereof being modified to the extent provided in this Amendment, and the Parent Borrower and each other Loan Party reaffirm such Obligations, including in respect of any guaranties of, and any pledges of collateral securing, such Obligations. Upon the date hereof, the provisions of this Amendment will become effective and binding upon, and enforceable against, the Parent Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 
 (c) On and after the date hereof, each reference in the Amended Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , herein or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment, and this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement shall be read together and construed as a single instrument. 
 
 (d) This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes under the Amended Credit Agreement and shall be administered and construed pursuant to the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, (i) all Loans outstanding as of the date hereof that are LIBO Rate Loans (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) (the Existing LIBOR Loans shall continue to accrue interest based on the LIBO Rate (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) plus the Applicable Rate determined in accordance with the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect immediately prior to the date hereof and their applicable existing Interest Periods (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) until the last day of the Interest Period applicable to each such Existing LIBOR Loan, and thereafter, all Existing LIBOR Loans shall either be SOFR Loans or ABR Loans as determined in accordance with the Amended Credit Agreement, and (ii) subject to any express limitations set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i) , the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect immediately prior to the date hereof in respect of the administration of LIBO Rate Loans (solely with respect to the Existing LIBOR Loans) shall remain in effect from and after the date hereof until the last day of the Interest Period applicable to each such Existing LIBOR Loan, in each case, solely for purposes of administering the Existing LIBOR Loans (including, without limitation, with respect to the payment of interest accrued thereon). 
 
 SECTION 3. Notice . To the extent that the Administrative Agent is required (pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement) to provide notice to the Borrowers, any Lender or any other Party party to the Existing Credit Agreement of (i) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election with respect to USD LIBOR, (ii) a Benchmark Replacement Date, (iii) the implementation of Adjusted Term SOFR as a Benchmark Replacement or (iv) any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
 2 

inconnection with the adoption and implementation of Adjusted Term SOFR or the use and administration thereof, this Amendment shall constitute such notice. connection with the adoption and implementation of Adjusted Term SOFR or the use and administration thereof, this Amendment shall constitute such notice. 
 
 SECTION 4. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the date hereof (the Effective Date if, and only if, the following conditions precedent have been satisfied (a) the Administrative Agent has received this Amendment executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Parent Borrower and each other applicable Loan Party party hereto and (b) the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to this Amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders . 
 
 SECTION 5. Representations and Warranties . In order to induce the Administrative Agent to enter into this Amendment, the Parent Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on and as of the Effective Date that 
 
 (a) Existence, Qualification and Power . Each of the Parent Borrower and each other Loan Party party hereto (i) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and (ii) has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment and perform its obligations under this Amendment. 
 
 (b) Authorization No Contravention . The execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Parent Borrower and each other Loan Party party hereto and performance of this Amendment by the Parent Borrower and each other Loan Party party hereto have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of its certificate or articles of incorporation or organization or other applicable constitutive documents, (ii) violate any law and (iii) is duly qualified to do business in and, as applicable, in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) in each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except, in the case referred to in clause (iii), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (c) Execution and Delivery Binding Effect . This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Parent Borrower and each other Loan Party party hereto. This Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Parent Borrower and each other Loan Party party hereto, enforceable against the Parent Borrower or such other Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to the Legal Reservations. 
 
 SECTION 6. Expenses . The Parent Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Amendment and any other documents prepared in connection herewith. The Parent Borrower hereby confirms that the indemnification provisions set for in Section 9.03 of the Amended Credit Agreement shall apply to this Amendment and such losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (as more fully set forth herein as applicable) which may arise here from or in connection herewith. 
 
 SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Any signature to this agreement may be delivered by facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 or the New York Electronic Signature and Records Act or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. For 
 3 

the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing also applies to any amendment, extension or renewal of this agreement. Each of the Parties represents and warrants to the other Parties that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute the Amendment through electronic means and there are no restrictions for doing so in that Party s constitutive documents. 
 
 SECTION 8. Applicable Law . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 SECTION 9. Headings . Headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. 

Signature pages follow 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective officers as of the day and year first above written. 

ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES LLC as Parent Borrower By s Joseph S. Koscinski Name Joseph S. Koscinski Title Secretary ECOVYST MIDCO II INC. as Holdings By s Joseph S. Koscinski Name Joseph S. Koscinski Title President and Secretary ECO SERVICES OPERATIONS CORP. as a Borrower By s Joseph S. Koscinski Name Joseph S. Koscinski Title Secretary 
 5 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND ACCEPTED BY 
 
 CREDIT SUISSE AG, CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH , as Administrative Agent 

By s David A. Maletta Name David A. Maletta Title Authorized Signatory By s Heesu Sin Name Heesu Sin Title Authorized Signatory 

6 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Amended Credit Agreement 
 
 See Attached. 

7 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Dated as of June 9, 2021 
 
 as amended by the First Amendment Agreement dated as of February 9, 2023 
 
 among 
 
 CPQ MIDCO I CORPORATION, 
 as Holdings prior to the consummation of the Holdings Assignment, 

PQ CORPORATION, 
 as the Parent Borrower prior to the consummation of the Performance Chemicals Sale, 

ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES LLC, 
 as a Borrower and, upon the consummation of the Performance Chemicals Sale, the Parent Borrower, 
 
 ECO SERVICES OPERATIONS CORP., 
 as a Borrower, 

THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO, 
 as Lenders, 

CREDIT SUISSE AG, CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH, 
 as Administrative Agent 
 
 and 

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., CREDIT SUISSE LOAN FUNDING LLC, 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC., DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS INC., 
 and TRUIST SECURITIES, INC., 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS.......................................................................................................................... 1 
 
 Section 1.01. Defined Terms.................................................................................................................... 1 
 Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings....................................................................... 69 71 
 Section 1.03. Terms Generally............................................................................................................ 69 72 
 Section 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP............................................................................................ 71 73 
 Section 1.05. Effectuation of Transactions.......................................................................................... 7 1 74 
 Section 1.06. Timing of Payment of Performance............................................................................... 72 74 
 Section 1.07. Times of Day................................................................................................................ 72 74 
 Section 1.08. Currency Generally...................................................................................................... 72 74 
 Section 1.09. Cashless Rollovers....................................................................................................... 73 75 
 Section 1.10. Certain Conditions, Calculations and Tests................................................................. 73 75 
 Section 1.11. Rounding....................................................................................................................... 76 78 
 Section 1.12. Divisions....................................................................................................................... 76 78 
 Section 1.13. Rate LIBOR Notification ............................................................................ 76Rates. 79 
 
 ARTICLE II THE CREDITS................................................................................................................. 77 79 
 
 Section 2.01. Commitments................................................................................................................ 77 79 
 Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings.................................................................................................. 78 79 
 Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings............................................................................................... 78 80 
 Section 2.04. Reserved ..................................................................................................................... 79 81 
 Section 2.05. Reserved ..................................................................................................................... 79 81 
 Section 2.06. Reserved ..................................................................................................................... 79 81 
 Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings................................................................................................. 79 81 
 Section 2.08. Type Interest Elections................................................................................................ 80 82 
 Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments.............................................................. 81 83 
 Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt....................................................................... 81 83 
 Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans.................................................................................................... 82 84 
 Section 2.12. Fees............................................................................................................................... 87 89 
 Section 2.13. Interest.......................................................................................................................... 88 90 
 Section 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . 89 Replacement Setting91 
 Section 2.15. Increased Costs............................................................................................................ 90 93 
 Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments............................................................................................. 91 94 
 Section 2.17. Taxes............................................................................................................................ 92 94 
 Section 2.18. Payments Generally Allocation of Proceeds Sharing of Payments............................ 96 98 
 Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders...................................................... 98 100 
 Section 2.20. Illegality...................................................................................................................... 99 101 
 Section 2.21. Defaulting Lenders................................................................................................... 100 102 
 Section 2.22. Incremental Credit Extensions................................................................................. 100 103 
 Section 2.23. Extensions of Loans and Additional Revolving Commitments................................ 105 107 
 
 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES............................................................. 109 111 

ii 

Section 3.01. Organization Powers................................................................................................ 109 111 
 Section 3.02. Authorization Enforceability................................................................................ 109 111 
 Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts................................................................... 109 111 
 Section 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Effect.................................................... 109 112 
 Section 3.05. Properties.................................................................................................................. 110 112 
 Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters...................................................................... 110 112 
 Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws............................................................................................. 110 113 
 Section 3.08. Investment Company Status..................................................................................... 111 113 
 Section 3.09. Taxes......................................................................................................................... 111 113 
 Section 3.10. ERISA....................................................................................................................... 111 113 
 Section 3.11. Disclosure................................................................................................................. 111 113 
 Section 3.12. Solvency................................................................................................................... 111 113 
 Section 3.13. Capitalization and Subsidiaries................................................................................ 112 114 
 Section 3.14. Security Interest in Collateral................................................................................... 112 114 
 Section 3.15. Labor Disputes......................................................................................................... 112 114 
 Section 3.16. Federal Reserve Regulations.................................................................................... 112 114 
 Section 3.17. Economic and Trade Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws..................................... 112 114 
 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS............................................................................................................ 113 115 
 
 ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS.................................................................................. 115 117 
 
 Section 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Reports.................................................................. 115 118 
 Section 5.02. Existence................................................................................................................... 118 121 
 Section 5.03. Payment of Taxes..................................................................................................... 119 121 
 Section 5.04. Maintenance of Properties........................................................................................ 119 121 
 Section 5.05. Insurance................................................................................................................... 119 121 
 Section 5.06. Inspections................................................................................................................ 119 122 
 Section 5.07. Maintenance of Books and Records..................................................................... 120 122 
 Section 5.08. Compliance with Laws............................................................................................. 120 122 
 Section 5.09. Compliance with Environmental Laws.................................................................... 120 123 
 Section 5.10. Designation of Subsidiaries...................................................................................... 120 123 
 Section 5.11. Use of Proceeds........................................................................................................ 121 123 
 Section 5.12. Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security........................................... 121 123 
 Section 5.13. Reserved ................................................................................................................ 122 125 
 Section 5.14. Further Assurances................................................................................................... 122 125 
 Section 5.15. Post-Closing Matters................................................................................................ 123 125 
 
 ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS........................................................................................ 123 125 
 
 Section 6.01. Indebtedness............................................................................................................. 123 125 
 Section 6.02. Liens......................................................................................................................... 130 132 
 Section 6.03. No Further Negative Pledges................................................................................... 133 136 
 Section 6.04. Restricted Payments Certain Payments of Indebtedness........................................ 135 137 
 Section 6.05. Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions.................................................................. 140 142 
 Section 6.06. Investments............................................................................................................... 141 144 
 Section 6.07. Fundamental Changes Disposition of Assets............................................................ 144 147 
 Section 6.08. Reserved ................................................................................................................. 148 150 
 Section 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates...................................................................................... 148 150 
 Section 6.10. Conduct of Business................................................................................................. 149 152 
 Section 6.11. Reserved ................................................................................................................. 149 152 
 iii 

Section 6.12. Amendments of or Waivers with Respect to Restricted Debt................................... 150 152 
 Section 6.13. Fiscal Year.......................................................................... .................................. 150 153 
 Section 6.14. Permitted Activities of Holdings............................................................................... 150 153 
 
 ARTICLE VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT............................................................................................ 152 154 
 
 Section 7.01. Events of Default.................................................................................................... 152 154 
 
 ARTICLE VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT........................................................................ 155 158 
 
 Section 8.01. The Administrative Agent...................................................................................... 155 158 
 Section 8.02. Erroneous Payments................................................................................................ 162 165 
 
 ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS...................................................................................................... 64 167 
 
 Section 9.01. Notices........................................................................................................... .... 164 167 
 Section 9.02 Waivers Amendments..................................................................................... .. 167 169 
 Section 9.03 Expenses Indemnity.............................................................................................. 174 176 
 Section 9.04 Waiver of Claim..................................................................................................... 175 178 
 Section 9.05. Successors and Assigns......................................................................................... 175 178 
 Section 9.06. Survival................................................................................................................. 185 187 
 Section 9.07. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution............................ 185 188 
 Section 9.08. Severability............................................................................................................ 186 189 
 Section 9.09. Right of Setoff....................................................................................................... 186 189 
 Section 9.10. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process............................... 187 190 
 Section 9.11. Waiver of Jury Trial.............................................................................................. 187 190 
 Section 9.12. Headings................................................................................................................ 188 191 
 Section 9.13. Confidentiality....................................................................................................... 188 191 
 Section 9.14. No Fiduciary Duty................................................................................................. 189 192 
 Section 9.15. Several Obligations................................................................................................ 189 192 
 Section 9.16. USA PATRIOT Act.............................................................................................. 189 192 
 Section 9.17. Disclosure.......................................................................................................... 190 193 
 Section 9.18. Appointment for Perfection................................................................................... 190 193 
 Section 9.19. Interest Rate Limitation......................................................................................... 190 193 
 Section 9.20. Intercreditor Agreement......................................................................................... 190 193 
 Section 9.21. Conflicts................................................................................................................. 191 193 
 Section 9.22. Release of Guarantors............................................................................................ 191 194 
 Section 9.23. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial institutions....... 192 195 
 Section 9.24. Lender Representation........................................................................................... 192 195 
 Section 9.26. Certain ERISA Matters...................................................................................... 193 196 
 Section 9.27. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs........................................... 194 197 

iv 

ANNEXES Annex I Additional Definitions Prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Annex II Negative Covenants Prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale SCHEDULES Schedule 1.01(a) Commitment Schedule Schedule 1.01(c) Specified Lease Transactions Schedule 3.05 Fee Owned Real Estate Assets Schedule 3.13 Subsidiaries Schedule 3.15 Labor Disputes Schedule 5.10 Unrestricted Subsidiaries Schedule 5.15 Post-Closing Matters Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens Schedule 6.06 Existing Investments Schedule 6.07(s) Dispositions Schedule 9.01 Borrower s Website Address for Electronic Delivery EXHIBITS Exhibit A-1 Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit A-2 Form of Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Request Exhibit C Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit D Form of Interest Election Request Exhibit E Form of Perfection Certificate Exhibit F Form of Perfection Certificate Supplement Exhibit G Form of Promissory Note Exhibit H Form of Guaranty Agreement Exhibit I Form of Security Agreement Exhibit J-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit J-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit J-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit J-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit K Form of Solvency Certificate Exhibit L Form of Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
 v 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of June 9, 2021 (this Agreement ), by and among CPQ Midco I Corporation, a Delaware corporation CPQ ), as Holdings prior to the consummation of the Holdings Assignment, PQ Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation PQ ), as the Parent Borrower prior to the consummation of the Performance Chemicals Sale, Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Ecovyst ), as a Borrower and, on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, the Parent Borrower, Eco Services Operations Corp., a Delaware corporation Eco Services ), as a Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party hereto including Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch Credit Suisse ), in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent (the Administrative Agent with Citibank, N.A. Citi ), Credit Suisse Loan Funding LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Keybanc Capital Markets Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc., as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (in such capacities, the Arrangers and each an Arranger ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 A. The Borrowers have requested that the Lenders extend credit in the form of Initial Term Loans in an original aggregate principal amount equal to 900,000,000, the proceeds of which (together with, at the Borrowers option, cash on hand) will be used to consummate the Closing Date Refinancing (as defined below). 
 
 B. The Lenders are willing to extend such credit to the Borrowers on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 Section 1.01. Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, (a) prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, capitalized terms used in Annex I or Annex II to this Agreement and defined therein shall have the meanings given to them in Annex I or Annex II to this Agreement, as applicable and (b) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 
 ABL Agent means Citi in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent with respect to the ABL Facility, or any successor or other administrative agent and collateral agent with respect to any other ABL Facility. 
 
 ABL Collateral means ABL Priority Collateral as defined in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement. 
 
 ABL Credit Agreement means that certain ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of the Existing Credit Agreement Closing Date, by and among CPQ, PQ, the other borrowers and guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto in their capacities as lenders thereunder and the ABL Agent and the other agents party thereto, as amended by the First Amendment Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2020, the Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, and the Third Amendment Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date (the Closing Date ABL Amendment ), and any amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements, refinancings, renewals, extensions or modifications thereof. 
 1 

ABL Facility means the credit facility governed by the ABL Credit Agreement and any Refinancing Indebtedness that refinances or replaces any part of the loans, notes, guarantees, other credit facilities or commitments thereunder. 
 
 ABL Facility Documentation means the ABL Facility and all related notes, collateral documents, letters of credit and guarantees, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith, and any appendices, exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing (as the same may be in effect from time to time). 
 
 ABL Intercreditor Agreement means (a) ABL Intercreditor Agreement dated as of the Existing Credit Agreement Closing Date, by and among (i) the Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent, the ABL Agent, (ii) after giving effect to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement Joinder, the Administrative Agent and (iii) the other parties thereto from time to time and acknowledged by the Parent Borrower, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (b) an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of the ABL Intercreditor Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date with any material modifications which are reasonably acceptable to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent and (c) if requested by the Parent Borrower, an intercreditor agreement the terms of which are consistent with market terms governing security arrangements for the sharing of Liens and Collateral proceeds on a Split Collateral Basis in the case of an asset based ABL Facility at the time the intercreditor agreement is proposed to be established, so long as the terms of such intercreditor agreement are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower provided , that (i) if required by the Administrative Agent prior to agreeing that any form (or modification) is reasonably acceptable to it, the form of any other intercreditor agreement shall be deemed acceptable to the Administrative Agent (and the Lenders) if posted to the Lenders and not objected to by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days thereafter, and (ii) any ABL Intercreditor Agreement shall be limited to terms governing the sharing of Liens and the relative rights and obligations of the secured parties regarding Collateral and the proceeds thereof and shall not restrict or limit any Indebtedness or the terms and conditions thereof (including any amendments and refinancings) to the extent such Indebtedness would otherwise be permitted by the Loan Documents. 
 
 ABL Intercreditor Agreement Joinder means the joinder agreement to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent, the Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement Administrative Agent and the ABL Agent, and acknowledged by PQ. 
 
 ABL Loans means revolving loans under the ABL Facility. 
 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 
 ABR Loan means a Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 
 ABR Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR. 
 
 Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement means (a) in the case of Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral on a senior basis pari passu with the First Priority Secured Obligations (and any Class of Term Loans secured on senior first lien basis), (i) a Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of the Pari Passu 
 2 

Intercreditor Agreement with any material modifications which are reasonably acceptable to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent, or (iii) if requested by the Parent Borrower, an intercreditor agreement the terms of which are consistent with market terms governing security arrangements for the sharing of Liens and Collateral proceeds on a pari passu basis at the time the intercreditor agreement is proposed to be established in light of the type of Indebtedness subject thereto, so long as the terms of such intercreditor agreement are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower (b) in the case of Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral on a junior basis with respect to the Initial Term Loans (and any Class of Term Loans secured on senior first lien basis), (i) a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement with any material modifications which are reasonably acceptable to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent, or (iii) if requested by the Parent Borrower, an intercreditor agreement the terms of which are consistent with market terms governing security arrangements for the sharing of Liens and Collateral proceeds on a junior secured basis at the time the intercreditor agreement is proposed to be established in light of the type of Indebtedness subject thereto, so long as the terms of such intercreditor agreement are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower (c) to the extent the ABL Facility is outstanding, any ABL Intercreditor Agreement (or an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement under clause (a) above in the case of any ABL Facility secured by the Collateral on a senior pari passu basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations (and not a Split Collateral Basis)) and (d) any Additional Agreement the terms of which are consistent with market terms governing, as applicable, security arrangements for the sharing of Liens and Collateral proceeds and or payment subordination provisions, in each case on a basis applicable to the specified intercreditor arrangement at the time the intercreditor or subordination agreement, as applicable, is proposed to be established in light of the type of Indebtedness subject thereto, so long as the terms of such intercreditor or subordination agreement, as applicable, are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower provided , that (A) if required by the Administrative Agent prior to agreeing that any form (or modification) is reasonably acceptable to it, the form of any other intercreditor agreement shall be deemed acceptable to the Administrative Agent (and the Lenders) if posted to the Lenders and not objected to by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days thereafter, and (B) any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement shall be limited to terms governing the sharing of Liens and the relative rights and obligations of the secured parties regarding Collateral and the proceeds thereof and shall not restrict or limit any Indebtedness or the terms and conditions thereof (including any amendments and refinancings) to the extent such Indebtedness would otherwise be permitted by the Loan Documents. 
 
 ACH means automated clearing house transfers. 
 
 Additional Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.01 . 
 
 Additional Commitments means any commitments hereunder added pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) . 
 
 Additional Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(b) . 
 
 Additional Loans means any Additional Revolving Loans and any Additional Term Loans. 
 Additional Revolving Commitments means any revolving credit commitment added pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii) . 
 
 Additional Revolving Facility means any revolving credit facility added pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii) . 
 
 3 

Additional Revolving Loans means any revolving loan made hereunder pursuant to any Additional Revolving Commitments. 
 
 Additional Term Commitments means any term commitment added pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i) . 
 
 Additional Term Facility means any term loan facility added pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i) . 
 
 Additional Term Loans means any term loan added pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i) . 
 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 
 Adjustment Date means the date of delivery of a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(c) . 
 
 Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Administrative Agent Fee Letter means that certain Administrative Agent Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date by and among, inter alias , the Parent Borrower and Credit Suisse. 
 
 Administrative Questionnaire has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(d) . 
 Adverse Proceeding means any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign (including any Environmental Claim), whether pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries, threatened in writing, against or affecting Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries or any property of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with, that Person. No Person shall be an Affiliate of Holdings or any subsidiary thereof solely because it is an unrelated portfolio company of the Sponsor and none of the Administrative Agent, any Arrangers, any Lender (other than any Affiliated Lender or any Debt Fund Affiliate) or any of their respective Affiliates shall be considered an Affiliate of Holdings or any subsidiary thereof. 
 
 Affiliated Lender means any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate, Holdings, any Borrower and or any subsidiary of Holdings. 
 
 4 

Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Affiliated Lender (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.05 and accepted by the Administrative Agent in the form of Exhibit A-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower. 
 
 Affiliated Lender Cap has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(h)(iv) . 
 
 Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Credit Agreement. 
 AHYDO has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(ix) . 
 
 All-In Yield means, as to any Indebtedness, the yield thereof, whether in the form of interest rate, margin, original issue discount, upfront fees, a LIBO Rate an Adjusted Term SOFR or Alternate Base Rate floor, or otherwise, in each case, incurred or payable directly by the Parent Borrower ratably to all lenders of such Indebtedness provided that (a) original issue discount and upfront fees shall be equated to interest rate assuming a 4-year life to maturity, (b) All-In Yield shall not include arrangement fees, structuring fees, commitment fees, underwriting fees, placement fees, funding fees, success fees, advisory fees, ticking and unused line fees, consent or amendment fees and any similar fees (regardless of whether shared or paid, in whole or in part, with or to any or all lenders) and any other fees not generally paid ratably to all lenders of such Indebtedness, and (c) if any Incremental Term Facility includes an Alternate Base Rate or LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR floor that is greater than the Alternate Base Rate or LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR floor applicable to the Initial Term Loans, such differential between interest rate floors shall be included in the calculation of All-In Yield, but only to the extent an increase in the Alternate Base Rate or LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR floor applicable to the Initial Term Loans would cause an increase in the interest rate then in effect thereunder, and in such case the Alternate Base Rate or LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR floors (but not the applicable rate, unless otherwise elected by the Parent Borrower) applicable to the Initial Term Loans shall be increased to the extent of such differential between interest rate floors. 
 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50 , (b) to the extent ascertainable, the Published LIBO Rate (which rate shall be calculated based upon Adjusted Term SOFR published on the ABR Term SOFR Determination Date for such date for an Interest Period of one (1) month and shall be determined on a daily basis plus 1.00 provided that for the purpose of this clause (b), the Published LIBO Rate for any day shall be based on the rate determined on such date at approximately 11 a.m. (London time) by reference to the rate of interest appearing on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or on any successor or substitute page of such service as determined by the Administrative Agent) , (c) the Prime Rate and (d) 1.50 per annum. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Published LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR , as the case may be, shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Published LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR , as the case may be. 
 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Term Lender for any Class, a percentage equal to a fraction (i) the numerator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and unused Additional Term Commitments of such Term Lender for such Class and (ii) the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and unused Additional Term Commitments of all Term Lenders for such Class provided that for purposes of Section 2.21 and otherwise herein (except with respect to Section 2.11(a)(ii) ), when 
 5 

there is a Defaulting Lender, any such Defaulting Lender s Commitment shall be disregarded in the relevant calculations. 
 
 Applicable Price has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 
 Applicable Rate means, with respect to any Initial Term Loans, a percentage per annum equal to (i) initially, until the delivery of the financial statements and the corresponding Compliance Certificate (pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) , as applicable, and Section 5.01(c) for the first full Fiscal Quarter ending after the Closing Date, (A) 1.75 per annum for ABR Loans and (B) 2.75 per annum for LIBO Rate SOFR Loans and (ii) thereafter, the applicable percentage specified in the table immediately below based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio in the most recently delivered Compliance Certificate 
 
 Category First Lien Leverage Ratio ABR Loans LIBO Rate SOFR Loans 
 Category 1 3.40 1.00 1.75 2.75 Category 2 3.40 1.00 1.50 2.50 
 
 The Applicable Rate for the Initial Term Loans shall be adjusted quarterly on a prospective basis on each Adjustment Date based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio in accordance with the definition of Applicable Rate provided that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when required pursuant to Section 5.01(c) , the Applicable Rate for the Initial Term Loans shall be the rate per annum set forth above in Category 1 until such Compliance Certificate is delivered in compliance with Section 5.01(c) . 
 
 Approved Fund means, with respect to any Lender, any Person (other than a natural person or a Disqualified Institution) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities and is administered, advised or managed by (a) such Lender, (b) any Affiliate of such Lender or (c) any entity or any Affiliate of any entity that administers, advises or manages such Lender. 
 
 Arrangers has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Asset Sale Prepayment Percentage means, as of any date of determination, (a) (x) prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, if the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in Annex I) is greater than 3.50 1.00, 100 and (y) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than 4.00 1.00, 100 , (b) (x) prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, if the Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in Annex I) is less than or equal to 3.50 1.00 and greater than 3.00 1.00, 50 and (y) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 4.00 1.00 and greater than 3.50 1.00, 50 and (c) (x) prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, if the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in Annex I) is less than or equal to 3.00 1.00, 0 and (y) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 3.50 1.00, 0 it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of this definition as it applies to the determination of the amount of Subject Proceeds that is required to be applied to Prepay the Term Loans under Section 2.11(b)(ii) , the First Lien Leverage 
 6 

Ratio shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis as of the date of such Prepayment, after giving effect to the amount of such Prepayment, as determined in good faith by the Parent Borrower. 
 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.05 ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent in the form of Exhibit A-1 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower. 
 
 Auction has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 
 Auction Agent means (a) the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates to the extent the Administrative Agent or such Affiliate has agreed to act in such capacity or (b) any other financial institution or advisor engaged by the Parent Borrower (whether or not an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) to act as an arranger in connection with any Auction pursuant to the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 
 Auction Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 Auction Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 Auction Party has the meaning set forth in the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 
 Auction Response Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 
 Available Amount means, at any time, an amount equal to, without duplication 
 
 (a) the sum of 
 
 (i) the greater of 71,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 
 plus 
 (ii) the CNI Growth Amount plus 
 
 (iii) the amount of any Cash and Cash Equivalents (including from the proceeds of any property or assets (including Capital Stock)) and the Fair Market Value of property or assets contributed to the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by any Parent Company or received by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in return for any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock to any Parent Company (but excluding any amounts (w) constituting a Cure Amount (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) or similar term with respect to an equity cure of a financial covenant default, (x) received directly from a Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (y) the proceeds of equity used to incur Contribution Indebtedness, or (z) consisting of the proceeds of any loan or advance made pursuant to Section 6.06(h)(ii) ), in each case, during the period from and including April 1, 2016 through and including such time plus 
 
 (iv) the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness or Disqualified Capital Stock, in each case, of the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Indebtedness or such Disqualified Capital Stock issued to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), which has been directly or indirectly 
 7 

converted into or exchanged for Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company (or contributed to the Parent Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company and cancelled), together with the Fair Market Value of any Cash Equivalents and the Fair Market Value of any property or assets received by the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary upon such exchange, conversion or contribution, in each case, during the period from and including April 1, 2016 through and including such time plus 
 
 (v) the net proceeds received by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time in connection with the Disposition to any Person (other than the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of any acquisition or Investment made in reliance on amounts available under Section 6.06(r) plus 
 
 (vi) the aggregate proceeds received by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time in connection with returns, profits, distributions and similar amounts received in Cash, Cash Equivalents and or the Fair Market Value of any property or assets, including cash principal repayments and interest payments of loans, in each case, received in respect of any Investment made after April 1, 2016 in reliance on amounts available under Section 6.06(r) plus 
 
 (vii) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the amount of any Investments made after the Closing Date by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on amounts available under Section 6.06(r) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary (in an amount not to exceed the aggregate amount of Investments in such Unrestricted Subsidiary) that has been redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary or has been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or is liquidated, wound up or dissolved into, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (B) the amount of Cash, Cash Equivalents and the Fair Market Value of the property or assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that have been transferred, conveyed or otherwise distributed to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, during the period from and including April 1, 2016 through and including such time and (C) the net proceeds received by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including April 1, 2016 through and including such time in connection with the sale, transfer or other disposition (other than to Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of the Capital Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary that was previously a Restricted Subsidiary and designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary to the extent such proceeds have not otherwise increased any other Restricted Payment basket under Section 6.04(a) plus 
 
 (viii) the amount of any Declined Proceeds minus 
 
 (b) an amount equal to the sum of (i) Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(iii) , plus (ii) Restricted Debt Payments made pursuant to Section 6.04(b)(vi) , plus (iii) Investments made pursuant to Section 6.06(r) (or, in each case, to the extent such Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment or Investment was made prior to the Closing Date, the corresponding provision in the Existing Credit Agreement), in each case, made after April 1, 2016 and prior to the time, or contemporaneously with, any such Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment or Investment identified in this clause (b) . 
 8 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.14(e). 
 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 
 Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (a) under any arrangement that is in effect on the Closing Date between Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and a counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or an Arranger as of the Closing Date, (b) under any arrangement that is entered into after the Closing Date by Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with any counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or an Arranger at the time such arrangement is entered into or (c) by any other Person that is designated by the Parent Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent as a Banking Services counterparty and who is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft protections, check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository, overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository network services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services and any arrangements or services similar to any of the foregoing and or otherwise in connection with Cash management and Deposit Accounts. 
 
 Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of Holdings, any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether absolute or contingent and however and whenever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), in connection with Banking Services, in each case, that has been designated to the Administrative Agent in writing by the Parent Borrower as being Banking Services Obligations for the purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood that each counterparty thereto shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its non-fiduciary agent under the applicable Loan Documents and (B) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article VIII , Section 9.03, Section 9.10 , Section 9.11 and the Intercreditor Agreements (and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) as if it were a Lender. 
 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq .). 
 9 

Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.14(b). 
 
 Benchmark Replacement means , with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, for any Available Tenor, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate (which may include Term SOFR) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and or (ii) the any evolving or then-prevailing market convention , or an evolving market convention that the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower reasonably expect to become the prevailing market convention, for determining a benchmark rate of interest as a replacement to LIBOR for U.S. dollar-denominated the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment provided that, if the such Benchmark Replacement and the associated Benchmark Replacement Adjustment as so determined (together with any associated Benchmark Replacement Adjustment) would be less than zero, the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents . 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of LIBOR the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for each applicable Interest Period , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower giving due consideration to i a any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of LIBOR such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body and or ii b the any evolving or then-prevailing market convention , or an evolving market convention that the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower reasonably expect to become the prevailing market convention, for for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of LIBOR such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters) that the Administrative Agent reasonably decides, and the Parent Borrower reasonably agrees, may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier earliest to occur of the following events with respect to LIBOR the then-current Benchmark 
 10 

(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of LIBOR such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide LIBOR such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 
 (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
 
 (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, if such Benchmark is a term rate, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to LIBOR the then-current Benchmark 
 
 (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of LIBOR such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide LIBOR such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) , permanently or indefinitely , provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide LIBOR such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 
 (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of LIBOR, the U.S. such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve System Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , such Benchmark (or such component) , a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for LIBOR such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for LIBOR such Benchmark (or such component) , which states that the administrator of LIBOR such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide LIBOR such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely , provided that, at the time of such statement or 
 11 

publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide LIBOR such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 
 (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of LIBOR announcing that LIBOR is no longer such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if such Benchmark is a term rate, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date means (a) , in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of i a the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and ii b if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication) and (b) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the date specified by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as applicable, by notice to the Parent Borrower, the Administrative Agent (in the case of such notice by the Required Lenders) and the Lenders. . 
 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to LIBOR and solely to the extent that LIBOR has not been replaced with a Benchmark Replacement, the period x if any) (a beginning at the time that such a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced LIBOR the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with the Section 2.14 Transition Event and y b ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced LIBOR the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder pursuant to the and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 . 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the U.S. 
 
 Borrowers means (a) at any time prior to the consummation of the Performance Chemicals Sale, PQ, Ecovyst and Eco Services, (b) upon the consummation of the Performance Chemicals Sale, Evovyst and Eco Services and (c) upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by Section 6.07(a) , the Successor Borrower and Eco Services. 
 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d) . 
 
 Borrowing means any Loans of the same Type and Class made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of LIBO Rate SOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 
 
 12 

Borrowing Request means a request by the Parent Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03 and substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B or such other form that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower. 
 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed provided that when used in connection with a LIBO Rate Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in Dollar deposits in the London interbank market . 
 
 Calculation Period means, with respect to Excess Cash Flow, each annual period consisting of a Fiscal Year of the Parent Borrower. 
 
 Capital Lease means, as applied to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by that Person as lessee that, in conformity with GAAP, is or should be accounted for as a capital lease or finance lease on the balance sheet of that Person (but excluding any operating or non-finance lease regardless of whether the obligations thereunder are included as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person). 
 
 Capital Stock means any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation), including partnership interests and membership interests, and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase or other arrangements or rights to acquire any of the foregoing, but excluding for the avoidance of doubt any Indebtedness convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing. 
 
 Captive Insurance Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary of any Borrower that is maintained as a self-insurance subsidiary and is subject to regulation as an insurance company (and any Restricted Subsidiary thereof). 
 
 Cash means money, currency or a credit balance in any Deposit Account. 
 
 Cash Equivalents means, as at any date of determination, (a) readily marketable securities (i) issued or directly and unconditionally guaranteed or insured as to interest and principal by the U.S. government or (ii) issued by any agency or instrumentality of the U.S. the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S., in each case maturing within one (1) year after such date and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto (b) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the U.S. or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof or by any foreign government, in each case maturing within one (1) year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto (c) commercial paper maturing no more than one (1) year from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) (d) deposits, money market deposits, time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances (or similar instruments) maturing within one (1) year after such date and issued or 
 13 

accepted by any Lender or by any bank organized under, or authorized to operate as a bank under, the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any political subdivision thereof and that has capital and surplus of not less than 100,000,000 and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto (e) shares of any money market mutual fund that has (i) substantially all of its assets invested in the types of investments referred to in clauses (a) through (d) above, (ii) net assets of not less than 250,000,000 and (iii) a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moody s and (f) solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is not prohibited to make in accordance with applicable law. Cash Equivalents shall also include (x) Investments of the type and maturity described in clauses (a) through (f) above of foreign obligors, which Investments or obligors (or the parent companies thereof) have the ratings described in such clauses or equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies and (y) other short-term Investments utilized by Foreign Subsidiaries in accordance with normal investment practices for cash management in Investments analogous to the Investments described in clauses (a) through (f) and in this paragraph. 
 
 Change in Law means (a) the adoption of any law, treaty, rule or regulation after the Closing Date, (b) any change in any law, treaty, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Closing Date or (c) compliance by any Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b) , by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Closing Date (other than any such request, guideline or directive to comply with any law, rule or regulation that was in effect on the Closing Date). For purposes of this definition and Section 2.15 , (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or U.S. or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case described in clauses (a) , (b) and (c) above, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 
 Change of Control means the earliest to occur of 
 
 (a) reserved 
 
 (b) the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act, but excluding (i) any employee benefit plan and or Person acting as the trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator therefor, (ii) one or more Permitted Holders, (iii) any group directly or indirectly controlled by one or more Permitted Holders and (iv) any Qualified Public Company, of Capital Stock representing more than the greater of (A) 40 of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of Holdings and (B) the percentage of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of Holdings beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the Permitted Holders and 
 
 (c) a Borrower ceasing to be a direct or indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Holdings (or any permitted successor hereunder) 
 
 14 

provided that (x) a Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred with respect to clause (b) above if the Permitted Holders have, at such time, the right or ability by voting power, contract or otherwise to elect or designate for election a majority of the board of directors or similar governing body of Holdings, and (y) the creation of a Parent Company shall not in and of itself cause a Change of Control so long as at the time such Person became a Parent Company, no Person and no group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any such group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) (other than one or more Permitted Holders or any group directly or indirectly controlled by one or more Permitted Holders), shall have beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, or any successor provisions), directly or indirectly, of 40 or more (or, if higher, the percentage then held by the Permitted Holders), in the case of clause (b) above, of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of Holdings. 
 
 Charge means any charge, fee, loss, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind. 
 
 Charged Amounts has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.19 . 
 
 Citi has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Class , when used in reference to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Initial Term Loans, Additional Term Loans of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i) , Additional Revolving Loans of any series established as a separate class pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii), (b) any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is an Initial Term Loan Commitment or an Additional Term Commitment of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i) , an Additional Revolving Commitment of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii) or a commitment to make any other Commitments under any other Credit Facilities established as a separate Class and (c) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment of a particular Class. For purposes of this definition, any separate series or tranche shall be treated as a separate Class regardless of whether such series or tranche is specifically as a separate Class . 
 
 Closing Date means June 9, 2021. 
 
 Closing Date ABL Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of ABL Credit Agreement . 
 
 Closing Date Refinancing means, substantially concurrently with the funding of the Term Loans on the Closing Date, (a) the repayment of a portion of the outstanding Indebtedness under the Existing Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount of approximately 440,000,000, (b) the repayment of all outstanding Indebtedness under the Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement and the release of the liens and security interests granted in connection therewith and (c) in each case, the payment of related fees and expenses. 
 
 CNI Growth Amount means, at any date of determination, an amount equal to 50 of the Consolidated Net Income of the Parent Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for the period (taken as one accounting period) commencing on April 1, 2016, to the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements of the Parent Borrower are available preceding such date provided , that such cumulative amount shall (a) be determined in good faith by the Parent Borrower and (b) not be less than zero. 
 
 15 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 Co-Investors means (a) INEOS Investments Partnership and any of its controlled Affiliates and funds managed or advised by any of them or any of their respective controlled Affiliates and (b) the officers, directors and members of the management of any Borrower, any Parent Company and or any subsidiary of any Borrower. 
 
 Collateral means any and all property of any Loan Party subject (or purported to be subject) to a Lien under any Collateral Document and any and all other property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that is or becomes subject (or purported to be subject) to a Lien pursuant to any Collateral Document to secure the Secured Obligations. 
 
 Collateral and Guarantee Requirement means, at any time, subject to (x) the applicable limitations set forth in this Agreement and or any other Loan Document and (y) the time periods (and extensions thereof) set forth in Section 5.12 , the requirement that the Administrative Agent shall have received in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Loan Party after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.12 (including by any Domestic Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary), and each Discretionary Guarantor 
 
 (a) (i) a joinder to the Loan Guaranty in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto, (ii) a supplement to the Security Agreement in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto, (iii) if such Restricted Subsidiary owns registrations of or applications for U.S. Patents, Trademarks and or Copyrights that constitute Collateral, an Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (iv) a completed Perfection Certificate, (v) UCC or the equivalent financing statements in appropriate form for filing in such jurisdictions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (vi) if applicable, an executed joinder to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, in each case, in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto and 
 
 (b) each item of Collateral that such Restricted Subsidiary is required to deliver under Section 4.02 of the Security Agreement or under any other Collateral Document required to be entered into pursuant to paragraph (a) above (which, in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be delivered within the time periods (and extensions thereof) set forth in Section 5.12 and shall exclude Excluded Assets) 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, 
 
 (A) no control agreements, other control arrangements or perfection by control shall be required (except as provided in clauses (y) and (z) below) and no Loan Party shall be required to perfect a security interest in any Collateral, in each case (to the extent applicable), other than perfection by (w) filing of a UCC-1 financing statement, (x) with respect to IP Rights, filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, (y) delivery of certificates evidencing Capital Stock and notes and other evidence of indebtedness, in each case, to the extent required to be pledged as Collateral and required to be delivered pursuant to the Security Agreement, and (z) to the extent control agreements have been delivered under the ABL Facility with respect to the ABL Collateral, second-priority control agreements with respect to the ABL Collateral (all such control agreements with respect to the ABL Collateral shall be released and terminated in connection with the Discharge of ABL Obligations (as defined in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement)) 
 16 

(B) except as expressly provided below in this definition with respect to any Foreign Discretionary Guarantor (i) no action (including any filings or registrations) outside of the United States in order to create or perfect any security interest in any asset located outside of the United States (including with respect to intellectual property and equity interests) shall be required and (ii) no security or pledge agreements shall be governed by any other law other than the laws of New York (except the laws of any other U.S. state may govern to the extent necessary to create or perfect a security interest in any portion of the Collateral) and 
 
 (C) the Loan Parties shall not be required to take any action (other than entry into the Security Agreement) to collaterally assign to the Administrative Agent their respective rights under (x) any documentation governing permitted acquisition or investment not prohibited under the terms of this Agreement, (y) any representation and warranty insurance policy or (z) any business interruption policy. 
 
 With respect to any Collateral that is ABL Collateral prior to the Discharge of ABL Obligations (as defined in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement), to the extent that the ABL Agent in respect of any ABL Facility secured on a Split Collateral Basis determines that any such property or assets shall not become part of, or shall be excluded from, the collateral under such ABL Facility, or that any delivery, perfection or notice requirement in respect of any such Collateral shall be extended or waived, the Administrative Agent shall automatically be deemed to accept such determination and shall execute any documentation, if applicable, requested by the Parent Borrower in connection therewith, including termination and release documents and extensions and waivers. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Parent Borrower elects to cause a Foreign Subsidiary to become a Foreign Discretionary Guarantor pursuant to the definition of Guarantor , such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor, as the case may be, shall (i) provide a Loan Guaranty and (ii) grant a perfected lien in favor of the Administrative Agent on substantially all of its assets (other than Excluded Assets) pursuant to arrangements reasonably agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower, which shall be consistent with the principles of, and be no more onerous and restrictive to such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor, than, the provisions applicable to the Parent Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantors organized in the United States, subject to customary limitations in such jurisdiction as may be reasonably agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower, and nothing in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement , Excluded Asset , Excluded Subsidiary or other limitation in this Agreement or the Collateral Documents shall in any way limit or restrict the pledge of assets and property by any such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor or the pledge of the Capital Stock of such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor by any other Loan Party that holds such Capital Stock, in each case, solely by virtue of such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor being a Foreign Subsidiary or otherwise an Excluded Subsidiary. 
 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, (a) the Security Agreement, (b) each Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (c) any supplement to any of the foregoing delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (d) each of the other instruments and documents pursuant to which any Loan Party grants a Lien on any Collateral as security for payment of the Secured Obligations. 
 
 Commercial Tort Claim has the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the UCC. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s Initial Term Loan Commitment, Additional Commitments and any other commitment to provide Loans under a Credit Facility, as applicable, in effect as of such time. 
 17 

Commitment Schedule means the Schedule attached hereto as Schedule 1.01(a) . 
 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq .). 
 
 Communication has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.07(b). 
 
 Company Competitor means (a) any Person that is or becomes (i) a competitor of the Parent Borrower and or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) an Affiliate of a Person described in clause (a)(i) and, in each case, identified in writing to the Administrative Agent, (b) any reasonably identifiable Affiliate of any person described in clause (a) above (on the basis of such Affiliate s name) (other than any Debt Fund Affiliate unless the Parent Borrower has a reasonable basis to include such Debt Fund Affiliate as a Company Competitor or Disqualified Institution), and or (c) any other Affiliate of any Person described in clause (a) or clause (b) above identified by name in a written notice to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C . 
 Confidential Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13 . 
 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower reasonably agrees may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines, in consultation with the Parent Borrower, that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides, in consultation with the Parent Borrower, is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, as to any Person for any period, an amount determined in accordance with Section 1.08 , for such Person on a consolidated basis equal to the total of (a) Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (b) the sum, without duplication, of (to the extent deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income in the applicable period, other than in respect of clauses (xi) , (xiii) , (xv) , (xvi) , (xvii) and (xviii) below or deducted from revenues in net income (or loss) used in calculating Consolidated Net Income) the amounts of 
 
 (i) consolidated total interest expense determined in accordance with GAAP and, to the extent not reflected in such consolidated total interest expense, annual agency fees paid to the administrative agents and collateral agents under any credit facilities, costs 
 18 

associated with obtaining hedging arrangements and breakage costs in respect of hedging arrangements related to interest rates, any expense resulting from the discounting of any indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization accounting or, if applicable, purchase accounting in connection with the Transactions or any acquisition, penalties and interest relating to taxes, any additional interest or liquidated damages with respect to other securities for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations, amortization or expensing of deferred financing fees, amendment and consent fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees, expenses and discounted liabilities and any other amounts of non-Cash interest, any expensing of bridge, commitment and other financing fees and any other fees related to the Transactions or any acquisitions after the Closing Date, commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including any interest expense) related to any qualified securitization facility, any accretion of accrued interest on discounted liabilities and any Prepayment premium or penalty, interest expense attributable to a parent company resulting from push-down accounting and any lease, rental or other expense in connection with any lease that is not a capitalized lease, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk (net of interest income and gains on such hedging obligations), costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities (whether amortized or immediately expensed), fees and expenses paid to (or for the benefit of) any arranger, any administrative or collateral agent, any lender or any other secured party under the Loan Documents and the ABL Credit Agreement (and any related loan documents) or to (or for the benefit of) any other holder of permitted Indebtedness in connection with its services hereunder (including fees and expenses in connection with any modifications of the Loan Documents), other bank or any other Person in connection with its services as administrative agent or trustee, or similar capacity under any other Indebtedness permitted hereunder and financing fees 
 
 (ii) (A) provision for Taxes during such period (including pursuant to any Tax sharing arrangement or any distributions or other Restricted Payments for the payment of any Tax), including, in each case, arising out of tax examinations, repatriation of amounts from a Foreign Subsidiary and (without duplication) any payment to a Parent Company pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(i) and (iv) in respect of Taxes, and (B) the amount of any cash tax benefits related to the tax amortization of intangible assets in such period 
 
 (iii) (A) depreciation and amortization (including, without limitation, amortization of goodwill, software and other intangible assets), (B) impairment of goodwill and other assets and (C) any asset write-off and or write-down 
 
 (iv) any non-cash Charge (including, without limitation, (A) any non-cash increase in expenses resulting from the revaluation of inventory (including any impact of changes to inventory valuation policy methods) including changes in capitalization and variances and non-cash adjustments for LIFO accounting and (B) losses or expenses recognized in respect of any pension related benefits as a result of the application of FASB ASC 715) provided , that to the extent any such non-cash Charge represents an accrual or reserve for any actual or potential cash items in any future period (including of the type described in clause (vii) below), (A) such Person may elect (in its sole discretion) not to add back such non-cash Charge in the then-current period, in which case, any cash payment in respect thereof in any future period shall be not subtracted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, and (B) to the extent such Person elects (in its sole discretion) to add back such non-cash Charge in the then-current period, any cash payment in respect thereof in any subsequent periods shall be subtracted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (c)(v) below 
 19 

(v) reserved 
 
 (vi) Public Company Costs 
 
 (vii) (A) management, monitoring, consulting, transaction and advisory fees (including termination fees) and indemnities and expenses actually paid or accrued by, or on behalf of, such Person or any of its subsidiaries (1) to the Investors (or their Affiliates or management companies) to the extent permitted under this Agreement or (2) as permitted by Section 6.09(f) (B) the amount of payments made to option holders of any Parent Company in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution being made to shareholders of such Person, which payments are being made to compensate such option holders as though they were shareholders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution, including any cash consideration for any repurchase of equity, in each case to the extent permitted under the Loan Documents and (C) the amount of fees, expenses and indemnities paid to directors, including of Holdings or any Parent Company 
 
 (viii) losses or discounts on sales of receivables and related assets in connection with any receivables financing permitted under this Agreement 
 
 (ix) any Charges (or net income) attributable to any interest, non-controlling interest and or minority interest of any third party in any Restricted Subsidiary 
 
 (x) the amount of earnout obligation expense (or similar Charges) incurred in connection with (including adjustments thereto) (A) acquisitions and Investments consummated prior to the Closing Date and (B) any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted by this Agreement, in each case, which is paid or accrued during the applicable period 
 
 (xi) pro forma run rate cost savings (including sourcing and supply chain savings), operating expense reductions, operating, revenue and productivity improvements and synergies (net of actual amounts realized) projected by the Parent Borrower in good faith that are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable (in the good faith determination of such Person) in connection with (A) the Transactions related to actions that have been taken and (B) any acquisitions, Investments, Dispositions and other Specified Transactions, operating expense reductions, any operating, revenue and productivity improvements, restructurings, cost savings initiatives and other actions and initiatives (including new business, customer and contract wins, modification and renegotiation of contracts and other arrangements, pricing adjustments and increases, rebate reductions, supply chain optimization (including consolidating or changing suppliers, supply base reduction and reduction in shipping and freight costs), product and warranty improvements (including lean manufacturing initiatives, design, engineering and automation optimization and discontinuing or replacing products) and other items of the type described in clause (xii) below) projected by the Parent Borrower in good faith to result from actions that have been taken (including prior to completion of any such transactions, actions, initiatives or items) or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken (in the good faith determination of the Parent Borrower) within twenty-four (24) months (or, in respect of any pricing increases only, within twelve (12) months) after any such transactions, actions, initiatives or items pro forma run rate shall be the full benefit associated with any action taken, committed to be taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such costs savings, operating expense 
 20 

reductions, operating revenue and productivity improvements and synergies had been fully realized on the first day of the applicable period for the entirety of such period 
 
 (xii) (A) Charges attributable to the undertaking and or implementation of operating, revenue and productivity improvements and enhancements, operating expense reductions, cost savings initiatives and other initiatives, transitions, openings and pre-openings, business optimization, restructurings, integration, inventory optimization programs, software development, systems upgrade, closure or consolidation of facilities and properties, curtailments, entry into new markets, strategic initiatives and contracts, consulting fees, signing or retention costs, retention or completion bonuses, expansion and relocation expenses, severance payments, modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans or other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at the date of initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 715, and any other items of a similar nature, new systems design and implementation and startup costs, (B) reductions, improvements, enhancements, synergies and initiatives as contemplated in clause (xi) above, and (C) Charges related to legal settlement, fines, judgments or orders, including with respect to warranty claims 
 
 (xiii) to the extent not otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income, proceeds of business interruption insurance in an amount representing the earnings for the applicable period that such proceeds are intended to replace (whether or not then received so long as such Person in good faith expects to receive such proceeds within the next four (4) Fiscal Quarters (it being understood that to the extent not actually received within such Fiscal Quarters, such proceeds shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (c)(iv) below)) 
 
 (xiv) reserved 
 
 (xv) the amount of (A) any Charge to the extent that a corresponding amount is received in cash by such Person from a Person other than such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person under any agreement providing for reimbursement of such Charge and (B) any Charge with respect to any liability or casualty event, business interruption or any product recall, (1) so long as such Person has submitted in good faith, and reasonably expects to receive payment in connection with, a claim for reimbursement of such amounts under its relevant insurance policy (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within the next four (4) Fiscal Quarters) or (2) without duplication of amounts included in a prior period under clause (B)(1) above, to the extent such Charge is covered by insurance proceeds received in cash during such period (it being understood that if the amount received in cash under any such agreement in any period exceeds the amount of Charge paid during such period such excess amounts received may be carried forward and applied against any Charge in any future period) 
 
 (xvi) the amount of Cash actually received (or the amount of the benefit of any netting arrangement resulting in reduced Cash Charges) during such period, to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income in any period or related non-Cash gain deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in any prior period 
 
 (xvii) the excess of rent expense during such period over actual Cash rent paid over due to the use of straight line rent for GAAP purposes 
 21 

(xviii) accretion of asset retirement obligations in accordance with FASB ASC 410 
 
 (xix) with respect to any joint venture that is not a Restricted Subsidiary, an amount equal to the proportion of those items described in clauses (i) through (iii) above relating to such joint venture corresponding to the proportionate share of such joint venture s consolidated net income (determined as if such joint venture were a Restricted Subsidiary) and 
 
 (xx) Other Agreed Adjustments , 
 minus (c) to the extent such amounts increase Consolidated Net Income, without duplication 
 
 (i) non-cash gains or income provided , that to the extent any non-cash gain or income represents an accrual or deferred income in respect of actual potential Cash items in any future period, such Person may elect (in its sole discretion) not to deduct such non-cash gain or income in the then-current period 
 
 (ii) reserved 
 
 (iii) reserved 
 
 (iv) the amount added back to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (b)(xiii) above in a prior period to the extent the relevant business interruption insurance proceeds were not received within the time period required by such clause and are required to be deducted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (b)(xiii) above 
 
 (v) to the extent that such Person added back the amount of any non-Cash charge to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (b)(iv) above in a prior period, the cash payment in respect thereof in the relevant future period (except as otherwise provided in clause (b)(iv) above) and 
 
 (vi) the excess of actual Cash rent paid over rent expense during such period due to the use of straight line rent for GAAP purposes. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent applicable, (i) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ended on or around June 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 50,478,000 million, (ii) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ended on or around September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 48,065,000 million, (iii) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ended on or around December 31, 2020 shall be deemed to be 45,431,000 million and (iv) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ended on or around March 31, 2021 shall be deemed to be 42,304,000 million, in each case, as subject to adjustment pursuant to clause (b) of this definition to the extent applicable to any such Fiscal Quarter (and not otherwise already included in such amounts) and otherwise further adjusted on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 
 Consolidated First Lien Debt means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with Section 1.08 (and, if applicable, Section 1.10 ), at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date (i) under this Agreement, (ii) that is secured by a Lien on all or substantially all of the Collateral 
 22 

(including both ABL Priority Collateral and Term Priority Collateral) on a pari passu or senior basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations and subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement under clause (a) of the definition thereof) and (iii) the ABL Facility secured on a Split Collateral Basis (including the ABL Facility as of the Closing Date). 
 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis at any date of determination and in accordance with Section 1.08 , the sum, without duplication, of (a) consolidated Cash interest of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries determined in accordance with GAAP, (i) including (A) the Cash interest component of Capital Lease obligations and (B) net Cash payments made (less net Cash payments received) pursuant to obligations under permitted hedging arrangements related to interest rates (subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 1.08(b) but (ii) excluding (A) annual agency and trustee fees paid to the administrative and collateral agents and trustees under any credit facilities, indentures or other permitted Indebtedness, (B) costs associated with obtaining hedging arrangements and breakage costs in respect of hedging arrangements related to interest rates, (C) any expense resulting from the discounting of any Indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization accounting or, if applicable, purchase accounting in connection with the Transactions, the Performance Chemicals Sale, the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date Refinancing, the Special Dividend or any acquisition, (D) penalties and interest relating to Taxes, (E) any additional interest or liquidated damages with respect to other securities for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations, (F) amortization or expensing of deferred financing fees, amendment and consent fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees, expenses and discounted liabilities and any other amounts of non-cash interest, (G) any expensing of bridge, commitment and other financing fees and any other fees related to the Transactions, the Performance Chemicals Sale, the Performance Chemicals Closing Date Refinancing, the Special Dividend or, after the Closing Date, any other transactions (including acquisitions and Indebtedness), (H) commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including any interest expense) related to any qualified securitization facility, (I) any accretion of accrued interest on discounted liabilities and any Prepayment premium or penalty (including amendment, tender and consent solicitation fees), (J) interest expense attributable to a parent company resulting from push-down accounting and (K) any lease, rental or other expense in connection with any lease that is not a Capital Lease, net of (b) Cash interest income of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 
 Consolidated Net Income means, as to any Person determined in accordance with Section 1.08 , on a consolidated basis (the Subject Person for any period, the net income (or loss) of the Subject Person for such period taken as a single accounting period determined in accordance with GAAP provided that there shall be excluded, without duplication 
 
 (a) (i) the income of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, except that the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments (including any ordinary course dividend, distribution or other payment) paid in cash (or to the extent converted into cash) to the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by such Person during such period (regardless of whether such payment is in respect of the income of such Person in the current period or any prior period) shall be included in Consolidated Net Income or (ii) the loss of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, other than to the extent that the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has contributed cash or Cash Equivalents to such Person in respect of such loss during such period for the express purpose of funding such losses (but shall exclude any other Investment in such Person) 
 23 

(b) gains or losses (less all fees and expenses chargeable thereto) attributable to any sales or dispositions of Capital Stock or assets (including asset retirement costs) or of returned surplus assets, in each case, outside of the ordinary course of business 
 
 (c) (i) gains or losses from extraordinary items, any one-time event or item, and nonrecurring or unusual items, in each case, as determined in good faith by the Subject Person, and (ii) any costs of and payments of actual or prospective legal settlements, fines, judgments or orders and all related fees and expenses, including in connection with any acquisitions, Investments and Dispositions 
 
 (d) any unrealized or realized net foreign currency translation or transaction gains or losses impacting net income (including currency re-measurements of any Indebtedness) provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, realized gains and losses in respect of any Designated Operational FX Hedge shall be included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income 
 
 (e) any net gains, Charges or losses with respect to (i) any disposed (other than Dispositions of assets and inventory in the ordinary course of business), abandoned, divested and or discontinued asset, property or operation (other than, at the option of the Subject Person, any asset, property or operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and or termination thereof), (ii) any disposal (other than Dispositions of assets and inventory in the ordinary course of business), abandonment, divestiture and or discontinuation of any asset, property or operation (other than, at the option of such Subject Person, relating to assets or property held for sale pending the Disposition thereof) and or (iii) facilities or plants that have been closed during such period or for which Charges and losses were required to be recorded pursuant to GAAP 
 
 (f) (i) any net income or loss (less all fees and expenses or charges related thereto) attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness (and the termination of any associated Hedge Agreements) and (ii) any other losses and expenses incurred in connection with the early termination, refinancing or prepayment of guarantee obligations, operating leases and other similar contractual obligations 
 
 (g) (i) any Charges incurred pursuant to any management equity plan, profits interest or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, pension plan, any stock subscription or shareholder agreement or any distributor equity plan or agreement, or any similar equity plan or agreement, including any fair value adjustments that may be required under liquidity puts for such arrangements and (ii) any Charges in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Capital Stock held by management of any Parent Company, the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent that any such Charge is funded with net cash proceeds contributed to relevant Person as a capital contribution or as a result of the sale or issuance of Qualified Capital Stock 
 
 (h) accruals and reserves that are established or adjusted within twelve (12) months after the Closing Date (or after the closing of any consummated acquisition or Investment) that are required to be established or adjusted as a result of the Transactions, respectively (or such acquisition or Investment), in accordance with GAAP or as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting policies in accordance with GAAP 
 
 24 

(i) any (A) write-off or amortization made in such period of deferred financing costs and premiums paid or other expenses incurred directly in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness, (B) impairment Charges, write-offs or write-downs of any assets and (C) amortization of intangible assets 
 
 (j) (A) effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Subject Person and its subsidiaries) in the Subject Person s consolidated financial statements pursuant to GAAP (including in the inventory, property and equipment, software, goodwill, intangible assets, in-process research and development, deferred revenue, deferred rent, deferred trade incentives and other lease-related items, advanced billings and debt line items thereof) resulting from the application of recapitalization, accounting or purchase acquisition accounting, as the case may be, in relation to the Existing Credit Agreement Transactions, the transactions or any consummated acquisition or Investment or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of Taxes and (B) the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles or policies made in such period in accordance with GAAP which affect Consolidated Net Income (except that, if the Parent Borrower determines in good faith that the cumulative effects thereof are not material to the interests of the Lenders, the effects of any change, adoption or modification of any such principles or policies may be included) 
 
 (k) the income or loss of any Person accrued prior to the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person or is merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with such Person s assets are acquired by such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person 
 
 (l) Transaction Costs 
 
 (m) transaction fees and Charges (1) in connection with the consummation of any transaction (or any transaction proposed and not consummated), (2) in connection with any offering of debt or equity securities (or any offering of debt or equity securities proposed and not consummated), Investments, acquisitions, Dispositions, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations or amalgamations, option buyouts or incurrences, repayments, refinancings, amendments or modifications of Indebtedness (including any amortization or write-off of debt issuance or deferred financing costs, premiums and prepayment penalties) or similar transactions and or (3) that are actually reimbursed or reimbursable by third parties pursuant to indemnification or reimbursement provisions or similar agreements or insurance provided, that in respect of any fee, cost, expense or reserve that is added back in reliance on clause (3) above, such Person in good faith expects to receive reimbursement for such fee, cost, expense or reserve within the next four (4) Fiscal Quarters 
 
 (n) (i) unrealized net losses and gains under Hedge Agreements and or other derivative instrument (regardless of whether pursuant to FASB ASC No. 815 Derivatives and Hedging) and (ii) any net loss (less all fees and expenses or charges related thereto) attributable to the early extinguishment of indebtedness (and the termination of any associated hedging arrangements) and 
 
 (o) any costs or expenses incurred during such period relating to environmental remediation, litigation, or other disputes in respect of events and exposures that occurred prior to the Closing Date. 
 
 Consolidated Secured Debt means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis, at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated 
 25 

Total Debt outstanding on such date that is secured by a Lien on all or substantially all of the Collateral. 
 
 Consolidated Total Assets means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with Section 1.08 , at any date of determination, all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the applicable Person at such date. 
 
 Consolidated Total Debt means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with Section 1.08 , at any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness for borrowed money (which shall be deemed to include LC Disbursements (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement or any similar term under any revolving credit facility) that have not been reimbursed within the time periods required by the ABL Credit Agreement or such ABL Facility, after giving effect to any grace and cure periods) and the outstanding principal balance of all Indebtedness with respect to purchase money Indebtedness, in each case, in an amount that would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) all leases (including any Capital Leases), letter of credit (including all undrawn letters of credit), bank guarantees or similar obligations and performance, surety or similar bonds, (ii) any intercompany Indebtedness eliminated in accordance with GAAP during consolidation and (iii) any such Indebtedness for which such Person has irrevocably deposited in trust or escrow the necessary funds (including Cash and Cash Equivalents) for the payment, redemption or satisfaction of Indebtedness), minus , (b) the aggregate amount of (i) unrestricted Cash (including all principal Cash held in dedicated accounts for the deposit of payments by customers and disbursements to be made in connection with services performed for customers) and Cash Equivalents of such Person in an amount that would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and (ii) Cash and Cash Equivalents restricted in favor of the Credit Facilities and the ABL Facility (which may also include Cash and Cash Equivalents securing other Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral along with the Credit Facilities and the ABL Facility) provided that Consolidated Total Debt shall not include any Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in connection with a NMTC Transaction permitted by Section 6.01(y)(ii) . 
 
 Consolidated Working Capital means, with respect to the Parent Borrower, as at any date of determination, the excess of Current Assets over Current Liabilities, in each case, as determined in accordance with Section 1.08 . 
 
 Consolidated Working Capital Adjustment means, with respect to the Parent Borrower, for any period on a consolidated basis, the amount (which may be a negative number) by which Consolidated Working Capital as of the beginning of such period exceeds (or is less than) Consolidated Working Capital as of the end of such period provided that there shall be excluded (a) the effect of reclassification during such period between current assets and long term assets and current liabilities and long term liabilities (with a corresponding restatement of the prior period to give effect to such reclassification), (b) the effect of any Disposition of any Person, facility or line of business or acquisition of any Person, facility or line of business during such period, (c) the effect of any fluctuations in the amount of accrued and contingent obligations under any Hedge Agreement, and (d) the application of purchase or recapitalization accounting provided , that if the Consolidated Working Capital Adjustment increases Excess Cash Flow by more than 10,000,000 in any fiscal year in which any circumstance disrupted a markets, businesses and operations in a material manner on a nationwide or global basis e.g. , the COVID-19 global pandemic), at the Parent Borrower s sole option, any increase in the calculation of Excess Cash Flow by more than 10,000,000 in such fiscal year due to the Consolidated Working Capital Adjustment shall be excluded from such calculation. 
 26 

Contract Consideration has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Excess Cash Flow . 
 
 Contractual Obligation means, as applied to any Person, any provision of any Security issued by that Person or of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, contract, undertaking, agreement or other instrument to which that Person is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound or to which it or any of its properties is subject. 
 
 Contribution Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(r) . 
 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 
 Copyright means the following (a) all copyrights, rights and interests in copyrights, works protectable by copyright whether published or unpublished, copyright registrations and copyright applications (b) all renewals of any of the foregoing (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due and or payable under any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, damages or payments for past, present or future infringements for any of the foregoing (d) the right to sue for past, present, and future infringements of any of the foregoing and (e) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 
 
 CPQ has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Credit Facilities means the Term Facility, together with any Additional Revolving Facility, Additional Term Facility and any other facility created or established under this Agreement. 
 
 Credit Suisse has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Current Assets means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis, at any date of determination, consolidated current assets as would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding, without duplication, (a) Cash and Cash Equivalents, (b) the current portion of current and deferred Taxes (including amounts required to be distributed pursuant to any Tax sharing arrangement or any distributions or other Restricted Payments for the payment of such Taxes), (c) permitted loans made to third parties, (d) assets held for sale, (e) pension assets, (f) deferred bank fees and (g) derivative financial instruments. 
 
 Current Liabilities means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis, at any date of determination, the consolidated current liabilities as would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding, without duplication, (a) the current portion of any long-term Indebtedness, (b) outstanding revolving loans and letter of credit exposure (whether under this Agreement or otherwise), (c) the Consolidated Interest Expense, (d) the current portion of any Capital Lease, (e) the current portion of current and deferred Taxes (including amounts required to be distributed pursuant to any Tax sharing arrangement or any distributions or other Restricted Payments for the payment of such Taxes), (f) liabilities in respect of unpaid earn-outs, (g) the current portion of any other long-term liabilities, (h) 
 27 

accruals relating to restructuring reserves, (i) liabilities in respect of funds of third parties on deposit with the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and (j) any liabilities recorded in connection with stock-based awards, partnership interest-based awards, awards of profits interests, deferred compensation awards and similar incentive based compensation awards or arrangements. 
 
 Debt Fund Affiliate means, with respect to any Disqualified Institution, any bona fide debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated lending entity (in each case, other than any person that would otherwise be a Disqualified Institution) that is (i) primarily engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business and (ii) managed, sponsored or advised by any Person that is Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with such Disqualified Institution or Affiliate thereof, but only to the extent that no personnel associated or involved with the investment in (or management, control or operation of), such Disqualified Institution or such Affiliate thereof (A) makes (or has the right to make or participate with others in making) investment decisions on behalf of, or otherwise cause the direction of the investment policies of, such debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated entity or (B) has access, directly or indirectly (including through such Disqualified Institution or any of its Affiliates), to any information (other than information that is publicly available) relating to any Parent Company, Holdings, the Parent Borrower and or any of their respective subsidiaries and or of their respective businesses and (b) with respect to any other entity, any Affiliate of the Sponsor (other than a natural person, Holdings, the Parent Borrower or their respective subsidiaries) that is primarily engaged in, or advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business and whose managers have fiduciary duties to the investors thereof that are independent of (or in addition to) their duties to Holdings, the Parent Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Sponsor (or any investor thereof). 
 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the U.S., and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, general assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws of the U.S. or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 
 Declined Proceeds has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(v) . 
 
 Default means any event or condition which upon notice, lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default. 
 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that has (a) defaulted in its obligations under this Agreement, including without limitation, to make a Loan within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be made by it hereunder, (b) notified the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party in writing that it does not intend to satisfy any such obligation or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or under agreements in which it commits to extend credit generally, (c) failed, within two (2) Business Days after the request of Administrative Agent or the Parent Borrower, to confirm in writing that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent if received prior to the applicable funding date, (d) become (or any parent company thereof has become) (i) insolvent or been determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Person or its assets, to be insolvent, or the assets or management of which has been taken over by any Governmental Authority or (ii) the subject of a Bail-In Action, (e) become the subject of a 
 28 

bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian, appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, unless in the case of any Lender subject to this clause (e) , the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall each have determined that such Lender intends, and has all approvals required to enable it (in form and substance satisfactory to each of the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent), to continue to perform its obligations as a Lender hereunder or (f) failed to return any amounts to the Administrative Agent (or its Affiliates) within one (1) Business Day after receipt of a notice from the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article VIII provided that no Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of (i) the ownership or acquisition of any Capital Stock in such Lender or its parent by any Governmental Authority or (ii) in the case of a solvent Person, the commencement of silent administration proceedings under The Financial Supervision Act (Wet financieel toezicht Wft) then in effect in the Netherlands provided , further , that, such action does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the U.S. or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contract or agreement to which such Lender is a party. 
 
 Deposit Account means a demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, savings and loan association, credit union or like organization, other than an account evidenced by a negotiable certificate of deposit. 
 
 Derivative Transaction means (a) any interest-rate transaction, including any interest-rate swap, basis swap, forward rate agreement, interest rate option (including a cap, collar or floor), and any other instrument linked to interest rates that gives rise to similar credit risks (including when-issued securities and forward deposits accepted), (b) any exchange-rate transaction, including any cross-currency interest-rate swap, any forward foreign-exchange contract, any currency option, and any other instrument linked to exchange rates that gives rise to similar credit risks, (c) any equity derivative transaction, including any equity-linked swap, any equity-linked option, any forward equity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to equities that gives rise to similar credit risk and (d) any commodity (including precious metal) derivative transaction, including any commodity-linked swap, any commodity-linked option, any forward commodity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to commodities that gives rise to similar credit risks provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of any Borrower or its subsidiaries shall be a Derivative Transaction. 
 
 Designated Non-Cash Consideration means the Fair Market Value of non-Cash consideration received by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any Disposition pursuant to Section 6.07(h) that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount will be reduced by the amount of Cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale or conversion of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration to Cash or Cash Equivalents). 
 
 Designated Operational FX Hedge means any Hedge Agreement entered into for the purpose of hedging currency-related risks in respect of the revenues, cash flows or other balance sheet items of Holdings, the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiaries and designated at the time entered into (or on or prior to the Closing Date, with respect to any Hedge Agreement entered into on or prior to the Closing Date) as a Designated Operational FX Hedge by the Parent Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent. 
 29 

Discount Range has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 
 Discretionary Guarantor has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Guarantor . 
 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, lease, sublease, or other disposition of any property of any Person. 
 
 Disqualified Capital Stock means any Capital Stock which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, on or prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such redemption is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date shall constitute Disqualified Capital Stock), (b) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Capital Stock, in each case at any time on or prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued, (c) contains any mandatory repurchase obligation or any other repurchase obligation at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, which may come into effect prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such repurchase obligation is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date shall constitute Disqualified Capital Stock) or (d) requires scheduled payments of dividends in Cash on or prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued provided that any Capital Stock that would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Capital Stock is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to redeem such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of any change in control, offering of debt or equity securities or any Disposition occurring prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock if (x) such Capital Stock provides that the issuer thereof will not redeem any such Capital Stock pursuant to such provisions prior to the Termination Date or (y) such redemption is subject to events that would cause the Termination Date to occur. 
 Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, (A) if such Capital Stock is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants or by any such plan to such directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants, in each case in the ordinary course of business of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the issuer thereof in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations, and (B) no Capital Stock held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager, member of management or consultant (or their respective Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) of the Parent Borrower (or any Parent Company or any subsidiary) shall be considered Disqualified Capital Stock because such stock is redeemable or subject to repurchase pursuant to any management equity subscription agreement, stock option, stock appreciation right or other stock award agreement, stock ownership plan, put agreement, stockholder agreement or similar agreement that may be in effect from time to time. 
 
 30 

Disqualified Institution means 
 
 (a) (i) any Person that is identified in writing to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date (or if identified after the Closing Date the disqualification of such person is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), (ii) any reasonably identifiable Affiliate of any Person described in clause (i) above (on the basis of such Affiliate s name) and (iii) any other Affiliate of any Person described in clauses (i) and or (ii) above that is identified by name in a written notice to the Administrative Agent after the Closing Date 
 
 (b) any Company Competitor (it being understood and agreed that no Debt Fund Affiliate of any Company Competitor may be designated as a Disqualified Institution pursuant to this clause (b) unless the Parent Borrower has a reasonable basis for such designation) and or 
 
 (c) any Affiliate of any Initial Term Lender that is engaged as a principal primarily in private equity, mezzanine financing or venture capital provided , that no written notice delivered pursuant to clauses (a)(i) , (a)(iii) above or clauses (a) and or (c) of the definition of Company Competitor shall apply retroactively to disqualify any person that has previously acquired a valid assignment or participation interest in the Term Loans. 
 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the U.S. 
 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Parent Borrower organized under the laws of the United States, any state or the District of Columbia. 
 
 Dutch Auction means an auction (an Auction conducted by Holdings, the Parent Borrower, any subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, any Affiliated Lender or any Debt Fund Affiliate (any such Person, the Auction Party in order to purchase Initial Term Loans (or any other Term Loans), in accordance with the following procedures provided that no Auction Party shall initiate an Auction unless (I) at least five (5) Business Days have passed since the consummation of the most recent purchase of Term Loans pursuant to an Auction conducted hereunder or (II) at least three (3) Business Days have passed since the date of the last Failed Auction which was withdrawn pursuant to clause (c)(i) below 
 
 (a) Notice Procedures . In connection with any Auction, the Auction Party will provide notification to the Auction Agent (for distribution to the relevant Lenders) of the Term Loans that will be the subject of the Auction (an Auction Notice ). Each Auction Notice shall be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Auction Agent and shall (i) specify the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans subject to the Auction, in a minimum amount of 10,000,000 and whole increments of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or, in any case, such lesser amount of such Term Loans then outstanding or which is otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Auction Agent and the Administrative Agent (if different from the Auction Agent)) (the Auction Amount ), (ii) specify the discount to par (which may be a range (the Discount Range of percentages of the par principal amount of the Term Loans subject to such Auction), that represents the range of purchase prices that the Auction Party would be willing to accept in the Auction, (iii) be extended, at the sole discretion of the Auction Party, to (x) each Lender and or (y) each Lender with respect to any Term Loan on an individual Class basis, (iv) remain outstanding through the Auction Response Date and (v) at the option of the Auction Party, be subject to one of more conditions or contingencies. The Auction Agent will promptly provide each appropriate Lender with a copy of the Auction Notice and a form of the Return Bid to be submitted by a responding Lender to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5 00 p.m. on the 
 31 

date specified in the Auction Notice (or such later date as the Auction Party may agree with the reasonable consent of the Auction Agent) (the Auction Response Date ). 
 
 (b) Reply Procedures . In connection with any Auction, each Lender holding the relevant Term Loans subject to such Auction may, in its sole discretion, participate in such Auction and may provide the Auction Agent with a notice of participation (the Return Bid which shall be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Auction Agent, and shall specify (i) a discount to par (that must be expressed as a price at which it is willing to sell all or any portion of such Term Loans) (the Reply Price ), which (when expressed as a percentage of the par principal amount of such Term Loans) must be within the Discount Range, and (ii) a principal amount of such Term Loans, which must be in whole increments of 1,000,000 (or, in any case, such lesser amount of such Term Loans of such Lender then outstanding or which is otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Auction Agent) (the Reply Amount ). Lenders may only submit one Return Bid per Auction, but each Return Bid may contain up to three bids only one of which may result in a Qualifying Bid. In addition to the Return Bid, the participating Lender must execute and deliver, to be held in escrow by the Auction Agent, an Assignment and Assumption with the dollar amount of the Term Loans to be assigned to be left in blank, which amount shall be completed by the Auction Agent in accordance with the final determination of such Lender s Qualifying Bid pursuant to clause (c) below. Any Lender whose Return Bid is not received by the Auction Agent by the Auction Response Date shall be deemed to have declined to participate in the relevant Auction with respect to all of its Term Loans. 
 
 (c) Acceptance Procedures . Based on the Reply Prices and Reply Amounts received by the Auction Agent prior to the applicable Auction Response Date, the Auction Agent, in consultation with the Auction Party, will determine the applicable price (the Applicable Price for the Auction, which will be the lowest Reply Price for which the Auction Party can complete the Auction at the Auction Amount provided that, in the event that the Reply Amounts are insufficient to allow the Auction Party to complete a purchase of the entire Auction Amount (any such Auction, a Failed Auction ), the Auction Party shall either, at its election, (i) withdraw the Auction or (ii) complete the Auction at an Applicable Price equal to the highest Reply Price. The Auction Party shall purchase the relevant Term Loans (or the respective portions thereof) from each Lender with a Reply Price that is equal to or lower than the Applicable Price Qualifying Bids at the Applicable Price provided , further , that if the aggregate proceeds required to purchase all Term Loans subject to Qualifying Bids would exceed the Auction Amount for such Auction, the Auction Party shall purchase such Term Loans at the Applicable Price ratably based on the principal amounts of such Qualifying Bids (subject to rounding requirements specified by the Auction Agent in its discretion). If a Lender has submitted a Return Bid containing multiple bids at different Reply Prices, only the bid with the lowest Reply Price that is equal to or less than the Applicable Price will be deemed to be the Qualifying Bid of such Lender e.g. , a Reply Price of 100 with a discount to par of 1 , when compared to an Applicable Price of 100 with a 2 discount to par, will not be deemed to be a Qualifying Bid, while, however, a Reply Price of 100 with a discount to par of 2.50 would be deemed to be a Qualifying Bid). The Auction Agent shall promptly, and in any case within five (5) Business Days following the Auction Response Date with respect to an Auction, notify (I) the Parent Borrower of the respective Lenders responses to such solicitation, the effective date of the purchase of Term Loans pursuant to such Auction, the Applicable Price, and the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans and the Classes thereof to be purchased pursuant to such Auction, (II) each participating Lender of the effective date of the purchase of Term Loans pursuant to such Auction, the Applicable Price, and the aggregate principal amount and the Classes of Term Loans to be purchased at the 
 32 

Applicable Price on such date, (III) each participating Lender of the aggregate principal amount and the Classes of the Term Loans of such Lender to be purchased at the Applicable Price on such date and (IV) if applicable, each participating Lender of any rounding and or proration pursuant to the second preceding sentence. Each determination by the Auction Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to the Parent Borrower and Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. 
 
 (d) Additional Procedures . 
 
 (i) Once initiated by an Auction Notice, the Auction Party may not withdraw an Auction other than a Failed Auction or one or more conditions or contingencies have not been satisfied (or waived by the Auction Party). Furthermore, in connection with any Auction, upon submission by a Lender of a Qualifying Bid, such Lender (each, a Qualifying Lender will be obligated to sell the entirety or its allocable portion of the Reply Amount, as the case may be, at the Applicable Price. 
 
 (ii) To the extent not expressly provided for herein, each purchase of Term Loans pursuant to an Auction shall be consummated pursuant to procedures consistent with the provisions in this definition, established by the Auction Agent acting in its reasonable discretion and as reasonably agreed by the Parent Borrower. 
 
 (iii) In connection with any Auction, the Parent Borrower and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Auction Agent may require one or more conditions or contingencies to any Auction, including the payment of customary fees and expenses by the Auction Party in connection therewith as agreed between the Auction Party and the Auction Agent. 
 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, for purposes of this definition, each notice or other communication required to be delivered or otherwise provided to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) shall be deemed to have been given upon the Auction Agent s (or its delegate s) actual receipt during normal business hours of such notice or communication provided that any notice or communication actually received outside of normal business hours shall be deemed to have been given as of the opening of business on the next Business Day. 
 
 (v) The Parent Borrower and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Auction Agent may perform any and all of its duties under this definition by itself or through any Affiliate of the Auction Agent and expressly consent to any such delegation of duties by the Auction Agent to such Affiliate and the performance of such delegated duties by such Affiliate. The exculpatory provisions pursuant to this Agreement shall apply to each Affiliate of the Auction Agent and its respective activities in connection with any purchase of Term Loans provided for in this definition as well as activities of the Auction Agent. 
 
 Early Opt-in Election means a determination by the Administrative Agent that U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities being executed at such time, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 2.14 , are being executed or amended, as applicable, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace LIBOR and such 
 33 

new benchmark interest rate is the then-prevailing market convention, or an evolving market convention that the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower reasonably expect to become the prevailing market convention, for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities. 
 
 ECF Prepayment Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(i) . 
 
 Eco Services has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Ecovyst has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 EEA Financial Institution means, (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 
 EEA Resolution Authority means, any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having authority to exercise any Write-Down and Conversion Powers. 
 
 Electronic Copy has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.07(b). 
 
 Electronic Record has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.07(b). 
 
 Electronic Signature has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.07(b). 
 
 Eligible Assignee means (a) any Lender, (b) any commercial bank, insurance company, or finance company, financial institution, any fund that invests in loans or any other accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act), (c) any Affiliate of any Lender, (d) any Approved Fund of any Lender or (e) to the extent permitted under Section 9.05(g) and or 9.05(h) , any Affiliated Lender or any Debt Fund Affiliate provided that in any event, Eligible Assignee shall not include (i) any natural person, (ii) any Disqualified Institution or (iii) except as permitted under Section 9.05(g) and or 9.05(h) , any Borrower or any of such Borrower s Affiliates. 
 
 Engagement Letter means that certain Amended and Restated Engagement Letter, dated as of May 27, 2021, by and among Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Loan Funding LLC, PQ and the other parties party thereto. 
 
 Environment means ambient air, indoor air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, land surface and subsurface strata and natural resources such as wetlands, flora and fauna. 
 
 Environmental Claim means any investigation, notice, notice of violation, claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand, abatement order or other order or directive (conditional or 
 34 

otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (a) pursuant to or in connection with any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law (b) in connection with any Hazardous Material or any actual or alleged Hazardous Materials Activity or (c) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat or harm to the Environment. 
 
 Environmental Laws means any and all current or future applicable foreign or domestic, federal or state (or any subdivision of either of them), statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, judgments, Governmental Authorizations, or any other applicable requirements of Governmental Authorities and the common law relating to (a) environmental matters, including those relating to any Hazardous Materials Activity or (b) the generation, use, storage, transportation or disposal of or exposure to Hazardous Materials, in any manner applicable to the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any Facility. 
 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental investigation or remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the Environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. 
 
 ERISA Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, (a) any corporation which is a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code of which that Person is a member and (b) any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is a member of a group of trades or businesses under common control within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code of which that Person is a member. 
 
 ERISA Event means (a) a reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued thereunder with respect to any Pension Plan (excluding those for which the 30-day notice period has been waived) (b) the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan, or the filing of any request for or receipt of a minimum funding waiver under Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or a failure to make a required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan (c) the provision by the administrator of any Pension Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate such plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA (d) the withdrawal by any Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to any Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan (f) the imposition of liability on a Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA (g) a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) of a Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from any Multiemployer Plan, or the receipt by any Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in insolvency pursuant to Section 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA or is in endangered or critical status, within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA (h) a failure by any Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or 
 35 

any of their respective ERISA Affiliates to pay when due (after expiration of any applicable grace period) any installment payment with respect to withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA (i) a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is reasonably expected to be, in at-risk status, within the meaning of Section 430(i)(4) of the Code or Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA or (j) the incurrence of liability or the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 436 or 430(k) of the Code or pursuant to ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan. 
 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a) . 
 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(c) . 
 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 
 Euro or means the single currency unit of the Participating Member States. 
 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII . 
 
 Excess Cash Flow means, for any Calculation Period, determined in accordance with Section 1.08 , an amount (if positive) equal to 
 
 (a) the sum, without duplication, of the amounts for such Calculation Period of the following 
 (i) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Calculation Period, plus 
 
 (ii) the Consolidated Working Capital Adjustment for such Calculation Period, plus 
 
 (iii) cash gains of the type described in clauses (b) , (c) , and (d) (to the extent actually realized) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income during such Calculation Period, to the extent excluded in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income (except to the extent such gains consist of proceeds that are subject to (or required to be subject to) Section 2.11(b)(ii) regardless of whether such proceeds are less than the Subject Proceeds and regardless of the Asset Sale Prepayment Percentage then in effect), plus 
 
 (iv) to the extent not otherwise included in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Calculation Period, cash payments received by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow in a prior Calculation Period pursuant to clause (b)(vii) below, minus 
 
 (b) the sum, without duplication, of the amounts for such Calculation Period of the following 
 (i) permanent repayments (including Prepayments) of long-term Indebtedness, including for purposes of clarity, the current portion of any such Indebtedness (including (x) payments under Sections 2.10(a) or (b) and (y) mandatory prepayments of Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans to the extent (and only to the extent) made with the Net Proceeds of a Prepayment Asset Sale or Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds resulted in an increase to Consolidated Net Income and not in excess of the amount of such increase, but 
 36 

excluding the amount of all deductions and reductions to the amount of Prepayments pursuant to clause (C) of Section 2.11(b)(i) , unless otherwise elected by the Parent Borrower in accordance with Section 2.11(b)(i) plus 
 
 (ii) reserved 
 
 (iii) (A) amounts added back pursuant to clauses (b)(viii) , (b)(ix) , (b)(xi) , (b)(xiii) , (b)(xv) and (b)(xviii) of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA , (B) amounts added back pursuant to clauses (b)(i) , (b)(ii) , (b)(vi) (b)(vii) , (b)(x) (to the extent actually paid in such period) and (b)(xii) of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA , to the extent paid in Cash, and (C) amounts added back in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or included in Consolidated Net Income, to the extent consisting of non-Cash or unrealized items plus 
 
 (iv) reserved 

(v) reserved 
 
 (vi) (A) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments elected by the Parent Borrower to be deducted from Excess Cash Flow pursuant to clause (F) of Section 2.11(b)(i) and Restricted Payments otherwise consented to by the Required Lenders, in each case to the extent actually paid in Cash during such Calculation Period, or, at the option of the Parent Borrower, made after such Calculation Period and prior to the date of the applicable Excess Cash Flow payment, except, in each case, to the extent financed with Long-Term Funded Indebtedness, and (B) to the extent paid in Cash, amounts paid with respect to the Transactions (including under Section 6.04(a)(vii) after the Closing Date, to satisfy any payment obligations owing under the Engagement Letter and amounts required to be paid in connection with, or as a result, of any working capital and purchase price adjustments plus 
 
 (vii) amounts included in Consolidated Net Income under clause (m)(3) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income during such Calculation Period to the extent such amounts have not yet been received by the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries plus 
 
 (viii) an amount equal to all expenses, charges, losses and other Charges either (A) excluded in calculating Consolidated Net Income or (B) added back in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in the case of clauses (A) and (B) , to the extent paid in Cash, plus 
 
 (ix) without duplication of amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow in respect of any prior Calculation Period or amounts of all deductions and reductions to the amount of mandatory prepayments pursuant to clauses (D) or (E) of Section 2.11(b)(i) , at the option of the Parent Borrower, the aggregate consideration (A) required to be paid in Cash by the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts entered into prior to or during such Calculation Period relating to capital expenditures, acquisitions or Investments permitted by Section 6.06 and or (B) otherwise committed or budgeted to be made in connection with capital expenditures, acquisitions or Investments (clause (A) and (B), the Contract Consideration (other than Investments in (x) Cash and Cash Equivalents and (y) 
 37 

the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) and Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.04(a) (other than pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(iii) to be consummated or made during the period of four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters of the Parent Borrower following the end of such Calculation Period (except, in each case, to the extent financed with Long-Term Funded Indebtedness) provided that to the extent the aggregate amount actually utilized to finance such capital expenditures, acquisitions or Investments during such subsequent period of four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters is less than the Contract Consideration, the amount of the resulting shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such subsequent period of four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters, plus 
 
 (x) to the extent not expensed (or exceeding the amount expensed) during such Calculation Period or not deducted (or exceeding the amount deducted) in calculating Consolidated Net Income (or exceeding the amount added back in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or exceeding the amount thereof deducted in this definitions), the aggregate amount of losses, expenditures, fees, costs, expenses, taxes, payments and other Charges paid in Cash by the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such Calculation Period, other than to the extent financed with Long-Term Funded Indebtedness, plus 
 
 (xi) Cash payments (without duplication of Taxes subject to clauses (iii) and (vi) above) made during such Calculation Period with respect to non-cash Charges that were added back to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or excluded under Consolidated Net Income in a prior Calculation Period provided there was no other deduction to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or exclusion under Consolidated Net Income related to such payment), except to the extent financed with Long-Term Funded Indebtedness, plus 
 
 (xii) Cash expenditures made in respect of any Hedge Agreement during such Calculation Period to the extent (A) not otherwise deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (B) not financed with Long-Term Funded Indebtedness, plus 
 
 (xiii) amounts paid in Cash (except to the extent financed with Long-Term Funded Indebtedness) during such Calculation Period on account of (A) items that were accounted for as non-Cash reductions of Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in a prior Calculation Period and (B) reserves or amounts established in purchase accounting to the extent such reserves or amounts are added back to, or not deducted from, Consolidated Net Income, plus 
 
 (xiv) cash payments made by the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries during such Calculation Period in respect of long-term liabilities (other than in respect of Long-Term Funded Indebtedness, which is governed by clause (b)(i) above), including for purposes of clarity, the current portion of any such liabilities of the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, except to the extent such cash payments were (A) deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Calculation Period or (B) financed with Long-Term Funded Indebtedness, plus 
 
 (xv) an amount equal to any non-cash credit or income included in Consolidated Net Income and any non-cash Charges added back to Consolidated Net Income in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. 
 38 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Excluded Assets means each of the following 
 
 (a) any assets (including any lease, licenses or agreement) subject to a purchase money security interest, capital lease or similar arrangement permitted by this Agreement as to which the grant of a security interest therein would (i) constitute a violation of a restriction in favor of a third party (other than Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its subsidiaries) or result in the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of any right of the relevant Loan Party, or (ii) result in a breach, termination (or a right of termination) or default under such contract, instrument, lease, license, agreement or other document (including pursuant to any change of control or similar provision) provided , however , that any such asset will only constitute an Excluded Asset under clause (i) or clause (ii above to the extent such violation or breach, termination (or right of termination) or default would not be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law provided further that any such asset shall cease to constitute an Excluded Asset at such time as the condition causing such violation, breach, termination (or right of termination) or default or right to amend or require other actions no longer exists and to the extent severable, the security interest granted under the applicable Collateral Document shall attach immediately to any portion of such contract, instrument, lease, license, agreement or document that does not result in any of the consequences specified in clauses (i) and ii above 
 
 (b) the Capital Stock of any (i) Immaterial Subsidiary, (ii) Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (iii) Unrestricted Subsidiary (except to the extent the security interest in such Capital Stock may be perfected by the filing of a Form UCC-1 (or similar) financing statement), (iv) not-for-profit subsidiary, (v) special purpose entity used for any permitted securitization facility, (vi) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and is not permitted to be pledged pursuant to such entity s organizational documents without (A) the consent of one or more unaffiliated third parties other than Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its subsidiaries (after giving effect to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law) or (B) giving rise to a right of first refusal , a right of first offer or a similar right that may be exercised by any third party other than Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its subsidiaries, (vii) any subsidiary that is prohibited from having its stock pledged by (A) any law or regulation or would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval or authorization, or (B) any Contractual Obligation that exists on the Closing Date or at the same time such subsidiary becomes a subsidiary of the Parent Borrower and not entered into in contemplation of such subsidiary becoming a subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, (viii) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date that, at the time of the relevant acquisition (and not entered into in contemplation of such acquisition), is an obligor in respect of any Indebtedness permitted to be assumed by the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary to the extent (and for so long as) the documentation governing the applicable assumed Indebtedness prohibits the Capital Stock of such Restricted Subsidiary from being pledged, and (ix) any person that is not (A) the Parent Borrower or (B) a Restricted Subsidiary that is a direct, first tier subsidiary of the Parent Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor 
 
 (c) any IP Rights in any non-U.S. jurisdictions and any intent-to-use Trademark application prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or an Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto, only to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the 
 39 

grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use Trademark application or any registration issuing therefrom under applicable law 
 
 (d) any asset (including governmental licenses or state or local franchises, charters, authorizations and agreements), the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would (i) be prohibited or restricted by applicable law (after giving effect to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC and other applicable laws) or (ii) require any governmental consent, approval, license or authorization that has not been obtained (after giving effect to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC and other applicable laws), (iii) be prohibited by enforceable anti-assignment provisions of applicable Requirements of Law, except, in the case of this clause (iii) , to the extent such prohibition would be rendered ineffective under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition, or (iv) be prohibited by enforceable anti-assignment provisions of contracts governing such asset in existence on the Closing Date or on the date of acquisition of the relevant asset (and in each case not entered into in anticipation of the Closing Date or such acquisition and except, in each case, to the extent that term in such contract providing for such prohibition purports to prohibit the granting of a security interest over all assets of such Loan Party or any other Loan Party) other than to the extent such prohibition would be rendered ineffective under the UCC or other applicable law 
 (e) (i) any leasehold Real Estate Asset and (ii) any owned Real Estate Asset 
 
 (f) any leasehold interests in any other asset or property (except to the extent the security interest in such leasehold interest may be perfected by the filing of a Form UCC-1 financing statement) 
 
 (g) any motor vehicles and other assets subject to certificates of title 
 
 (h) any Margin Stock 
 
 (i) the Capital Stock of any Foreign Subsidiary or any Foreign Subsidiary Holdco, other than 65 of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary that is a direct, first-tier Restricted Subsidiary of a Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor and owned by such Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor 
 
 (j) (i) Commercial Tort Claims with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Parent Borrower) of less than 20,000,000 (except as to which perfection of the security interest in such Commercial Tort Claims is accomplished by the filing of a Form UCC-1 financing statement covering all-assets (or similar language)) and (ii) Letter-of-Credit Rights (except to the extent constituting a supporting obligation for other Collateral as to which perfection of the security interest in such Letter-of-Credit Rights may be perfected by the filing of a Form UCC-1 financing statement covering all-assets (or similar language)) 
 
 (k) except to the extent constituting ABL Collateral or any Proceeds Account (as defined in the Security Agreement) and subject to clause (A)(z) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement , any (i) Cash or Cash Equivalents (other than Cash and Cash Equivalents to the extent constituting proceeds with respect to Collateral), and (ii) deposit, securities and similar accounts (including securities entitlements), payroll and other employee wage and benefit accounts, tax accounts (including, without limitation, sales tax accounts) and any tax benefits, escrow accounts, fiduciary or trust accounts for the benefit of third parties and any funds and other property held in or maintained in any such accounts 
 
 (l) any accounts receivable and related assets that are sold or disposed of in connection with any factoring or similar arrangement permitted by this Agreement 
 40 

(m) any asset or property (including the Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary), the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would result in material adverse tax liabilities or consequences to any Parent Company, Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (including with respect to any tax distribution paid or payable to any Parent Company), as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent 
 
 (n) any asset with respect to which the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower have reasonably determined that the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence (including any effect on the ability of the relevant Loan Party to conduct its operations and business in the ordinary course of business) of obtaining or perfecting a security interest therein outweighs the benefit of a security interest to the relevant Secured Parties afforded thereby as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower and 
 
 (o) any property or assets that would otherwise constitute ABL Priority Collateral, to the extent that the ABL Agent in respect of any ABL Facility secured on a Split Collateral Basis determines that any such property or assets shall not become part of, or shall be excluded from, the Collateral under the ABL Facility (other than in connection with the Discharge of ABL Obligations (as defined in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement)) 
 
 provided that, Excluded Assets shall not include any proceeds, substitutions or replacements of any Excluded Assets referred to in clauses (a) through (p) (unless such proceeds, substitutions or replacements would constitute Excluded Assets referred to in clauses (a) through (p) ). 
 
 Excluded Subsidiary means 
 
 (a) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary 
 
 (b) any Immaterial Subsidiary 
 
 (c) any Restricted Subsidiary that is prohibited from providing a Guarantee by (i) law or regulation or whose provision of a Guarantee would require a governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization in order to provide a Guarantee or (ii) any contractual obligation existing on the Closing Date or at the time such Restricted Subsidiary becomes a subsidiary (which Contractual Obligation was not entered into in contemplation of such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a subsidiary) from providing a Loan Guaranty 
 
 (d) any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Parent Borrower that is (i) a not-for-profit subsidiary, (ii) a Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (iii) a special purpose entity used for any permitted securitization or receivables facility or financing, (iv) a Foreign Subsidiary or a direct or indirect subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary, (v) a Foreign Subsidiary Holdco or a direct or indirect subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary Holdco, or (vi) an Unrestricted Subsidiary 
 
 (e) any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Parent Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent), the burden or cost of providing a Loan Guaranty outweighs the benefits afforded thereby 
 
 (f) solely in the case of any obligation under any Secured Hedging Obligations that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1(a)(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act, any subsidiary of Holdings that is not an Eligible Contract Participant as defined under the 
 41 

Commodity Exchange Act (after giving effect to any applicable customary keepwell provision under the Loan Guaranty) 
 
 (g) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date that, at the time of the relevant acquisition (and not entered into in contemplation of such acquisition), is an obligor in respect of assumed Indebtedness that is permitted hereunder to the extent (and for so long as) the documentation governing the applicable assumed Indebtedness prohibits such Restricted Subsidiary from providing a Loan Guaranty 
 
 (h) any subsidiary of the Parent Borrower where the provision of a Loan Guaranty would result in material adverse tax consequences to any Parent Company, Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent and 
 
 (i) any subsidiary as reasonably agreed between the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Loan Guaranty of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Loan Guaranty thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder (determined after giving effect to Section 3.20 of the Loan Guaranty and any other keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Guarantor) at the time the Loan Guaranty of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Loan Guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (a) Taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income (however denominated) and franchise Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed under Section 884(a) of the Code or any similar Tax, imposed by any jurisdiction described in clause (a) , (c) in the case of any Lender, any U.S. federal withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment that are (or would be) required to be withheld pursuant to a Requirement of Law in effect at the time such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office), except in each case (i) pursuant to an assignment or designation of a new lending office under Section 2.19 and (ii) to the extent that such Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, immediately prior to the designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from any Loan Party with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to Section 2.17 , (d) any Tax imposed as a result of a failure by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with Section 2.17(f) , (e) any withholding Tax imposed under FATCA and (f) U.S. backup withholding taxes. 
 
 42 

Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2016, by and among CPQ, PQ, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Credit Suisse, in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders (the 
 
 Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent ), as amended by the First Amendment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2016, the Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2017, the Third Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2018, the Fourth Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2020, and the Fifth Amendment Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, and any other amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements, refinancings, renewals, extensions or modifications thereof. 
 
 Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Existing Credit Agreement . 
 
 Existing Credit Agreement Closing Date means May 4, 2016. 
 
 Existing Credit Agreement Transaction Costs has the meaning assigned to Transaction Costs in the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof. 
 
 Existing Credit Agreement Transactions has the meaning assigned to Transactions in the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof. 
 
 Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement means that certain New Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2020, by and among CPQ, PQ, Eco Services, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Credit Suisse, in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders (the Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement Administrative Agent ), as amended by the First Amendment Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, and the Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, and any other amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements, refinancings, renewals, extensions or modifications thereof. 
 
 Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement . 
 
 Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement Closing Date means July 22, 2020. 
 
 Extended Revolving Credit Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a)(ii) . 
 
 Extended Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a)(ii) . 
 
 Extended Revolving Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a)(ii) . 
 Extended Term Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a)(iii) . 
 
 Extended Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a)(iii) . 
 
 Extension has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a) . 
 
 Extension Offer has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a) . 
 43 

Facility means any real property (including all buildings, fixtures or other improvements located thereon) now, hereafter or, except with respect to Articles V and VI , hereof owned, leased, operated or used by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 
 Failed Auction has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 
 Fair Market Value means, with respect to any property, assets (including Capital Stock and Indebtedness) or obligations, the fair market value thereof as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower (after taking into account, with respect to property and assets, any liabilities with respect thereto that impact such fair market value). 
 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to current Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 
 FCPA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.17(b) . 
 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be the average rate charged to the Administrative Agent on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent provided that to the extent that the Federal Funds Effective Rate is less than 0.00 per annum, the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 per annum for purposes hereof. 
 
 Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 
 Fee Letters means (a) the Administrative Agent Fee Letter and (b) any other fee letter with respect to the Credit Facilities in effect on or after the Closing Date. 
 
 First Amendment means the First Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2023, among the Borrowers, Holdings and Credit Suisse, as the Administrative Agent. 
 
 First Lien Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated First Lien Debt as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case for the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 First Priority Secured Obligations means the Secured Obligations in respect of the Initial Term Loans and any other Credit Facilities secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Initial Term Loans (as incurred and secured on the Closing Date). 
 
 Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year. 
 
 44 

Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Parent Borrower ending on December 31 of each calendar year. 
 
 Fixed Basket means any category or subcategory of exceptions, thresholds, baskets, or other provisions in this Agreement based on a fixed Dollar amount and or percentage of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets as of any date of determination (including in Article VI and the Fixed Incremental Amount and clause (b) or any sub-clause therein of the definition of Incremental Cap or that is not otherwise an Incurrence-Based Basket. 
 
 Fixed Incremental Amount means an amount equal to (a) (I) prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, the amount set forth in clause (a)(i) of the definition of Incremental Cap on Annex I hereto and (II) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, the greater of 205,000,000 and an amount equal to 100 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters for which financial statements are internally available, minus (b) to the extent issued and or incurred under this Fixed Incremental Amount, the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Facilities and Incremental Equivalent Debt, plus (c) the aggregate amount of voluntary Prepayments of indebtedness referred to in clause (b) above and any Replacement Term Loans, Replacement Revolving Facility and Replacement Notes in respect thereof (with, in the case of any revolving facility, a corresponding reduction in commitments) to the extent such Prepayments were not funded with Long-Term Funded Indebtedness, plus (d) any amounts reallocated to the Fixed Incremental Amount from Section 6.01(u) . 
 Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0.50 . 
 
 Foreign Discretionary Guarantor means a Discretionary Guarantor that is organized in a jurisdiction outside of the United States. 
 
 Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 
 Foreign Subsidiary Holdco means a direct or indirect Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower that has no material assets other than the capital stock and, if applicable, capital stock and indebtedness of one or more subsidiaries that are Foreign Subsidiaries or other Foreign Subsidiary Holdcos. 
 
 Funding Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(f) . 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. in effect and applicable to the accounting period in respect of which reference to GAAP is made, subject to Section 1.04(a) provided , that, unless the Parent Borrower elects otherwise or exercises its rights under Section 1.04(a) , the accounting for operating leases and capital leases under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date (including, without limitation, Accounting Standards Codification 840) shall apply for the purposes of determining compliance with the provisions of this Agreement (including the definition of Capital Lease, Consolidated Total Debt and Indebtedness), as applied by the Parent Borrower in good faith. 
 
 Governmental Authority means any federal, provincial, territorial, state, municipal, national or other government, governmental department, commission, board, bureau, court, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity or officer exercising 
 45 

executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to any government or any court, in each case whether associated with a state or locality of the U.S., the U.S., or a foreign government or any other political subdivision thereof, including central banks and supra national bodies. 
 
 Governmental Authorization means any permit, license, authorization, plan, directive, consent order or consent decree of or from any Governmental Authority. 
 
 Granting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(e) . 
 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (as used in this definition, the Guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the Guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person (the Primary Obligor in any manner and including any obligation of the Guarantor (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the Primary Obligor so as to enable the Primary Obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or monetary obligation, (e) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part) or (f) secured by any Lien on any assets of such Guarantor securing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or monetary other obligation is assumed by such Guarantor (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation to obtain any such Lien) provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition, Disposition or other transaction permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. 
 
 Guarantor means Holdings, each Borrower, any Subsidiary Guarantor and any Discretionary Guarantor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parent Borrower may elect, in its sole discretion (but subject to the consent of the Administrative Agent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to cause one or more Restricted Subsidiaries that are Excluded Subsidiaries or, without limiting the obligation of Holdings and each Borrower to at all times be a Guarantor, one or more specified Parent Companies to become a Guarantor (any such person, a Discretionary Guarantor by causing such Person to execute a joinder to the Loan Guaranty (in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto) and to satisfy the requirements of Section 5.12, the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and the Perfection Requirements (as if such Person was a newly formed Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary but without regard to the time periods specified therein, provided that such entity shall not be deemed a Guarantor or Discretionary Guarantor until such entity has complied with such requirements) provided , that (i) in the case of any Foreign Discretionary Guarantor, the jurisdiction of such person is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) Administrative Agent shall have received at least two (2) Business Days prior to such Person becoming a Guarantor all documentation and other information in respect 
 46 

of such person required under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations (including the USA Patriot Act) provided, further, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Parent Company (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, Holdings) that becomes a Discretionary Guarantor shall be required to grant (but may grant at the Parent Borrower s election) any Liens or provide any Collateral or other security for its obligations. Any such Discretionary Guarantor shall be treated as and shall be subject to all provisions applicable to Loan Parties and Guarantors and shall not otherwise be treated as or subject to the provisions applicable to Excluded Subsidiaries on the basis for which such Person constituted an Excluded Subsidiary at the time of such designation provided that no Parent Company that is a Discretionary Guarantor shall be treated as a Loan Party or Guarantor for purposes of Article VI or any exceptions, thresholds or baskets applicable to or available to any Person on the basis that such Parent Company is a Loan Party or Guarantor for so long as such Parent Company has not granted any Liens or provided any Collateral or other security for its obligations and otherwise complied with the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and Perfection Requirements (as if such Person was a newly formed Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary but without regard to the time periods specified therein). 
 
 Hazardous Materials means any chemical, material, substance or waste, or any constituent thereof, which is prohibited, defined, listed or regulated as toxic , hazardous or as a pollutant or contaminant or words of similar meaning or effect by any Environmental Law, including asbestos and asbestos-related material. 
 
 Hazardous Materials Activity means any past, current, proposed or threatened activity, event or occurrence involving any Hazardous Material, including the use, manufacture, possession, storage, holding, presence, existence, location, Release, threatened Release, discharge, placement, generation, transportation, processing, construction, treatment, abatement, removal, remediation, disposal, disposition or handling of any Hazardous Material, and any corrective action or response action with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Hedge Agreement means any agreement with respect to any Derivative Transaction between any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary and any other Person. 
 
 Hedging Obligations means, with respect to any Person, the obligations of such Person under any Hedge Agreement. 
 
 Holdings means (a) at any time prior to the consummation of the Holdings Assignment, CPQ, (b) upon the consummation of the Holdings Assignment and Midco Transactions, Midco. 
 
 Holdings Assignment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.22(c) . 
 
 IBA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.13(a) . 
 
 IFRS means international accounting standards within the meaning of the IAS Regulation 1606 2002, as in effect from time to time (subject to the provisions of Section 1.04 ), to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements. 
 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means, as of any date of determination, any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower that has been designated by the Parent Borrower as an Immaterial Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement, provided that the Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as so determined) of all such designated Immaterial Subsidiaries that would otherwise be required to be Subsidiary Guarantors shall not exceed 5.0 of 
 47 

Consolidated Total Assets and 5.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case, of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the relevant Test Period. 
 
 Immediate Family Member means, with respect to any individual, such individual s child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, domestic partner, former domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and daughter-in-law (including adoptive relationships), any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate-planning vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals, such individual s estate (or an executor or administrator acting on its behalf), heirs or legatees or any private foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund of which any such individual is the donor. 
 
 Incremental Cap means 
 
 (a) the Fixed Incremental Amount plus 
 
 (b) the aggregate amount of voluntary Prepayments of (i) the Term Loans and any other Indebtedness incurred under this Agreement (to the extent consisting of revolving credit Indebtedness, to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent reduction of the commitments in respect thereof), (ii) any Incremental Term Facilities, Incremental Equivalent Debt, and other Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on all or substantially all of the Collateral on a pari passu or senior basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations and any permanent reduction of the ABL Facility and any other revolving credit facility that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral on a pari passu or senior basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations, in each case, to the extent not increasing the Fixed Incremental Amount pursuant to clause (c) of the definition thereof, (iii) any Replacement Term Loans, Replacement Revolving Facility and Replacement Notes in respect of the preceding sub-clause (i) and (ii) of this clause (b) , and (iv) any other Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by this Agreement (to the extent consisting of revolving credit Indebtedness, to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent reduction of the commitments in respect thereof) (the indebtedness described in sub-clauses (i) , (ii) , (iii) and (iv) , collectively, Specified Debt provided , that, in each case, (A) the relevant Prepayment is not funded with Long-Term Funded Indebtedness, and (B) any such increase in the Incremental Cap resulting from such Prepayments of 
 
 (x) Specified Debt secured on a junior priority basis with respect to the Collateral may only be used to incur Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt under this clause (b) that is secured on a junior priority basis with respect to the Collateral or unsecured unless such Specified Debt could initially have been incurred as Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on all or substantially all of the Collateral on a pari passu or senior basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations, in which case any repayment thereof may be used to incur Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt that is secured on a pari passu or senior basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations, and 
 
 (y) unsecured Specified Debt may only be used to incur Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt under this clause (b) that is unsecured unless such Indebtedness could have, at the time of incurrence thereof, been incurred as Indebtedness secured on a junior priority basis with respect to the Collateral, in which case any repayment thereof may be used to incur Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt that is secured on a junior priority basis with respect to the Collateral or unsecured plus 
 
 48 

(c) an unlimited amount so long as, in the case of this clause (c) , after giving effect to the relevant Incremental Facility and the incurrence of Indebtedness thereunder (in the case of any delayed draw Incremental Term Facility, at the election of the Parent Borrower, either at the time of the establishment thereof or at the time of each applicable incurrence with respect thereto) 
 
 (i) if such Incremental Facility is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien securing the First Priority Secured Obligations, (x) prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in Annex I) would not exceed 4.50 1.00 and (y) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, (A) the First Lien Leverage Ratio would not exceed 4.50 1.00 or (B) if being utilized to finance Permitted Acquisitions and similar Investments and related transactions (including refinancing of existing Indebtedness), the First Lien Leverage Ratio would not exceed the greater of 4.50 1.00 and the First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the then-most recently completed fiscal quarter, 
 
 (ii) if such Incremental Facility is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior in priority to the Lien securing the Initial Term Loans, (x) prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, the Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in Annex I) would not exceed 5.00 1.00 and (y) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, (A) the Secured Leverage Ratio would not exceed 5.75 1.00 or (B) if being utilized to finance Permitted Acquisitions and similar Investments and related transactions (including refinancing of existing Indebtedness), the Secured Leverage Ratio would not exceed the greater of 5.75 1.00 and the Secured Leverage Ratio as of the then-most recently completed fiscal quarter, and 
 
 (iii) if such Incremental Facility is unsecured, (X) prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, either (I) the Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in Annex I) would not exceed 6.00 1.00 or (II) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in Annex I) would not be less than 2.00 1.00 or (Y) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, (A) either (x) the Total Leverage Ratio would not exceed 6.25 1.00 or (y) the Net Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than 2.00 1.00 or (B) if being utilized to finance Permitted Acquisitions and similar Investments and related transactions (including refinancing of existing Indebtedness), either (x) the Total Leverage Ratio would not exceed the greater of 6.25 1.00 and the Total Leverage Ratio as of the then-most recently completed fiscal quarter or (y) the Net Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than the lesser of 2.00 1.00 and the Net Interest Coverage Ratio as of the then-most recently completed fiscal quarter 
 
 in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (i) , (ii) and (iii) , calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as of the last day of the most recent period of four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters then ended for which financial statements are internally available, including the application of the proceeds thereof (without netting the Cash proceeds of the applicable Incremental Facility) and related transactions (and giving effect to other permitted pro forma adjustments), and, in the case of (I) any Incremental Revolving Facility being established at such time, assuming a full drawing under such Incremental Revolving Facility then being established and (II) any Incremental Term Facility that is a delayed draw term facility being established at such time, either assuming a full drawing of such delayed draw term facility then being established or having each drawing thereunder be subject to satisfaction of the applicable financial ratio set forth above. 
 
 49 

Incremental Commitment means any commitment made by a lender to provide all or any portion of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans. 
 
 Incremental Equivalent Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(z) . 
 
 Incremental Facilities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 
 Incremental Facility Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement executed by (a) Holdings, each Borrower and the Guarantors, (b) solely to the extent adversely affecting the rights and interests of the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that agrees to provide all or any portion of such Incremental Term Facility or Incremental Revolving Facility, as applicable, being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 9.02(c) . 
 
 Incremental Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 
 Incremental Revolving Commitment means any commitment made by a lender to provide all or any portion of any Incremental Revolving Facility. 
 
 Incremental Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 
 Incremental Revolving Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 
 Incremental Term Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 
 Incremental Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 
 Incurrence-Based Basket means any category (or subcategory) of exceptions, thresholds, baskets, or other provisions in this Agreement based on complying or subject to compliance (including on a Pro Forma Basis) with any financial ratio (including, without limitation any First Lien Leverage Ratio, any Secured Leverage Ratio, any Total Leverage Ratio, any Net Interest Coverage Ratio, the availability and funding of any Incremental Facility in the form of a delayed draw term loan facility and or clause (c) (or sub-clause) of the definition of Incremental Cap). 
 
 Indebtedness as applied to any Person means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness for borrowed money (b) that portion of obligations with respect to Capital Leases to the extent recorded as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments to the extent the same would appear as indebtedness on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP (d) any obligation owed for all or any part of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than any earn out obligation, purchase price and working capital adjustment obligations and any similar obligation except to the extent reflected as a liability on the balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP and not paid within thirty (30) days after becoming due and payable), 
 50 

which purchase price is due more than three hundred sixty four (364) days from the date of incurrence of the obligation in respect thereof (e) all Indebtedness of other Persons secured by any Lien on any property or asset owned or held by such Person regardless of whether the Indebtedness secured thereby shall have been assumed by such Person in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the Fair Market Value of the property or asset subject to such Lien (f) the face amount of any letter of credit issued for the account of such Person or as to which such Person is otherwise liable for reimbursement of drawings (g) the Guarantee by such Person of the Indebtedness of another (h) all obligations of such Person in respect of any Disqualified Capital Stock and (i) all net obligations of such Person in respect of any Derivative Transaction, including any Hedge Agreement, whether or not entered into for hedging or speculative purposes provided that in no event shall obligations under any Derivative Transaction be deemed Indebtedness for any calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio, the Net Interest Coverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio or any other financial ratio under this Agreement. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or any joint venture (other than any joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, except to the extent such Person s liability for such Indebtedness is otherwise limited and only to the extent such Indebtedness would otherwise be included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the term Indebtedness shall exclude, and shall be calculated without giving effect to, (A) the effects of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose hereunder as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness and any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness hereunder but for the application of this proviso shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness hereunder, (B) the effects of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivative created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness under this Agreement but for the application of this sentence shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness under this Agreement), (C) liabilities under vendor agreements to the extent such liabilities may be satisfied exclusively through non-cash means such as purchase volume earning credits, (D) reserves for deferred taxes (or obligation to make any distributions or Restricted Payments in respect thereof), (E) any obligations incurred under ERISA, (F) accrued expenses and trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business (including on an inter-company basis), (G) liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits, (H) Indebtedness that is non-recourse to the credit of such Person and (I) for all purposes under this Agreement other than for purposes of Section 6.01 , intercompany Indebtedness among Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries provided , further , that the principal amount of any Indebtedness shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.08 . 
 
 Indemnified Taxes means Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b) . 
 
 Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.11(a) . 
 
 Initial Term Lender means any Lender with an Initial Term Loan Commitment or holding Initial Term Loans. 
 
 51 

Initial Term Loan Commitment means, with respect to each Initial Term Lender, the commitment of such Initial Term Lender to make Initial Term Loans hereunder in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Initial Term Lender s name on the Commitment Schedule, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (i) assignments by or to such Initial Term Lender pursuant to Section 9.05 or (ii) an Additional Term Commitment of the same Class. The aggregate amount of the Initial Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date is 900,000,000. 
 
 Initial Term Loan Maturity Date means the date that is seven (7) years after the Closing Date. 
 
 Initial Term Loans means the Term Loans made by the Initial Term Lenders to the Parent Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) . 
 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement means any agreement, including any supplement thereto, executed on or after the Closing Date confirming or effecting the grant of any Lien on IP Rights owned by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in accordance with this Agreement and the Security Agreement, including any of the following (a) a Trademark Security Agreement substantially in the form attached as an exhibit to the Security Agreement, (b) a Patent Security Agreement substantially in the form attached as an exhibit to the Security Agreement or (c) a Copyright Security Agreement attached as an exhibit to the Security Agreement, together with any and all supplements or amendments thereto. 
 
 Intercreditor Agreements means the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement and or the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement (in each case, if any), as the context may require. 
 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Parent Borrower in the form of Exhibit D or another form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08 . 
 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December (commencing on September 30, 2021) or the maturity date applicable to such Loan, (b) with respect to any LIBO Rate SOFR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three (3) months duration, each day that would have been an Interest Payment Date had successive Interest Periods of three (3) months duration been applicable to such Borrowing and (c) to the extent necessary to create a fungible Class of Loans in connection with the incurrence of any Additional Loans, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower, the date of the incurrence of such Additional Loans. 
 
 Interest Period means with respect to any LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one (1), three (3) or six (6) months (or, to the extent available to all relevant affected Lenders , and to the extent ascertainable by the Administrative Agent, twelve (12) months or , subject to the Administrative Agent s consent, a shorter period) thereafter, as the Parent Borrower may elect provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no 
 52 

numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) the Parent Borrower may not elect any Interest Period that would result in such Interest Period extending beyond the Maturity Date. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 
 Interpolated Rate shall mean, in relation to the LIBO Rate for any Borrower, the rate which results from interpolating on a linear basis between (a) the rate published by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or another commercially available source as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) for the LIBO Rate for the longest period (for which that rate is available) which is less than the Interest Period for such Borrowing and (b) the rate appearing on such screen or other source, as the case may be, for the shortest period (for which that rate is available) which exceeds the Interest Period for such Borrowing as of approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 
 
 Investment means (a) any purchase or other acquisition by any Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any of the Securities of any other Person (other than any Loan Party), (b) the acquisition by purchase or otherwise (other than any purchase or other acquisition of inventory, materials, supplies and or equipment in the ordinary course of business) of all or substantially all of the business, property or fixed assets of any other Person or any division or line of business or other business unit of any other Person and (c) any loan, advance (other than any advance to any current or former employee, officer, director, member of management, manager, consultant or independent contractor of any Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company for moving, entertainment and travel expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business) or capital contribution by any Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any other Person. Subject to Section 5.10 , the amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment, plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect thereto, but giving effect to any repayments of principal in the case of any Investment in the form of a loan and any return of capital or return on Investment in the case of any equity Investment (whether as a distribution, dividend, redemption or sale but not in excess of the amount of the relevant initial Investment) and in each case, the amount of the Investment shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.08 . 
 
 Investors means (a) the Sponsor and (b) the Co-Investors. 
 
 IP Rights has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.05(c) . 
 
 IRS means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 Junior Lien Indebtedness means any Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral (other than Indebtedness among Holdings and or its subsidiaries) that is contractually junior or subordinated to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Initial Term Loans. For the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness outstanding under any ABL Facility shall not be Junior Lien Indebtedness. 
 
 Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement means the Intercreditor Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit L hereto. 
 
 53 

Latest Maturity Date means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Loan or commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Initial Term Loan, Additional Term Loan, Additional Revolving Loan or Additional Commitment. 
 
 Latest Revolving Loan Maturity Date means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Additional Revolving Loan or any Additional Revolving Commitment. 
 
 Latest Term Loan Maturity Date means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any term loan or term commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Term Loan or any Additional Term Commitment. 
 
 LCT Election has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(a) . 
 
 LCT Test Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(a) . 
 
 Legal Reservations means the application of relevant Debtor Relief Laws, general principles of equity and or principles of good faith and fair dealing. 
 
 Lenders means the Initial Term Lenders, any Additional Lender, any lender with a Commitment or an outstanding Loan and any other Person that becomes a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 
 
 Letter-of-Credit Right has the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the UCC. 
 
 LIBO Rate means, the Published LIBO Rate, as adjusted to reflect applicable reserves prescribed by governmental authorities provided that, in respect of the Initial Term Loans, in no event shall the LIBO Rate be less than 0.50 per annum. 
 
 LIBO Rate Loan means a Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the LIBO Rate. 
 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, deed of trust, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any Capital Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), in each case, in the nature of security provided that in no event shall an operating lease in and of itself be deemed to constitute a Lien on any asset. 
 
 Limited Condition Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(a) . 
 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, the First Amendment, any Promissory Note, each Loan Guaranty, the Collateral Documents, the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, the Fee Letters and any other document or instrument designated by the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent as a Loan Document. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto. 
 54 

Loan Guaranty means (a) the First Lien Loan Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date and executed by each Loan Party party thereto and by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, (b)(i) each other guaranty agreement in substantially the form attached as Exhibit H , (ii) another form of guaranty that is otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower or (iii) any supplement or joinder to any of the foregoing, in each case, executed by any Person pursuant to Section 5.12 or as provided in the definition of Guarantor . 
 
 Loan Installment Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(a) . 
 
 Loan Parties means Holdings, each Borrower, each Subsidiary Guarantor, and in each case their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 
 Loan Party Payments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a) . 
 
 Loans means any Initial Term Loan, any Additional Term Loan, any Additional Revolving Loan and any loan under any other Credit Facility. 
 
 Long-Term Funded Indebtedness means any funded Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries having a maturity of greater than one (1) year provided , that Long-Term Funded Indebtedness shall exclude all Indebtedness under any revolving credit facility or line of credit. 
 
 Margin Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U. 
 
 Market Capitalization means an amount equal to (i) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common Capital Stock of any applicable Parent Company on the date of the declaration of a Restricted Payment permitted pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(viii) multiplied by (ii) the arithmetic mean of the closing prices per share of such common Capital Stock on the principal securities exchange on which such common Capital Stock are traded for the thirty (30) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of declaration of such Restricted Payment. 
 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, assets, financial condition or results of operations, in each case, of Holdings, each Borrower and each of their Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the rights and remedies (taken as a whole) of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) under the applicable Loan Documents or (iii) the ability of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to perform their payment obligations under the applicable Loan Documents. 
 
 Material Debt Instrument means any promissory note payable to, or in favor, of a Loan Party with an aggregate principal amount outstanding, in each case, of not less than 25,000,000. 
 
 Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the Initial Term Loans, the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, (b) as to any Replacement Term Loans incurred pursuant to Section 9.02(c) , the final maturity date for such Replacement Term Loan as set forth in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, (c) as to any Replacement Revolving Facility established pursuant to Section 9.02(c) , the final maturity date for such Replacement Revolving Facility as set forth in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, (d) with respect to any Incremental Term Loans, the final maturity date set forth in the applicable documentation with respect thereto, (e) with respect to any Incremental Revolving Facility, the final maturity date set forth in the applicable documentation with respect 
 55 

thereto, (f) with respect to any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Term Loans, the final maturity date set forth in the applicable Extension Offer accepted by the respective Lender or Lenders and (g) with respect to any other Loans, the final maturity date for such Loans as set forth in the applicable Credit Facility. 
 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.19 . 
 
 Midco means Ecovyst Midco II Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 
 Midco Transactions means (A) Midco executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent (i) a joinder to this Agreement in a form reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent and becoming a party hereto, (ii) a supplement to the Security Agreement and becoming a Grantor thereunder and (iii) any new applicable Collateral Documents or supplements to any existing applicable Collateral Documents (B) (i) pursuant to the actions described in clause (A)(iii), Midco granting Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in all of its Collateral to secure the Obligations and (ii) Midco authorizing and delivering to the Administrative Agent in proper form for filing such UCC financing statements, intellectual property security agreements or similar agreements required by the Administrative Agent to perfect the Liens in the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent (C) at least three (3) Business Days prior to Midco becoming a party to this Agreement pursuant to the joinder agreements described above, Midco delivering to the Administrative Agent all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender under or in respect of applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act that has been requested at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the date of the execution and delivery of such joinder agreement (D) without limiting the foregoing, Midco delivering documents of the type described in Section 4.01(d) and (E) Midco causing to be executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent a customary written opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP, in its capacity as special counsel for Midco, dated the Performance Chemicals Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and Lenders. 
 
 Minimum Extension Condition has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(b) . 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan which is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA, that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA, and in respect of which the relevant Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, makes or is obligated to make contributions or with respect to which any of them has any ongoing obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. 
 
 Narrative Report means, with respect to the financial statements with respect to which it is delivered, a management discussion and narrative report describing the operations of Holdings, each Borrower and each of their Restricted Subsidiaries for the applicable Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year and for the period from the beginning of the then-current Fiscal Year to the end of the period to which the relevant financial statements relate. 
 
 Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds means an amount equal to (a) any Cash payments or proceeds (including Cash Equivalents) received by any Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) under any casualty insurance policy in respect of a covered loss thereunder of any assets of the relevant Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) as a result of the taking of any assets of the relevant Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by any Person pursuant to the power of eminent domain, condemnation or otherwise, or pursuant to a sale of 
 56 

any such assets to a purchaser with such power under threat of such a taking, minus (b) (i) any actual out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the relevant Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with the adjustment, settlement or collection of any claims of the relevant Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary in respect thereof, (ii) payment of the outstanding principal amount of, premium or penalty, if any, and interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness (other than the Loans and any Indebtedness secured by a Lien that is pari passu with or expressly subordinated to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations) that is secured by a Lien on the assets in question and that is required to be repaid or otherwise comes due or would be in default under the terms thereof as a result of such loss, taking or sale, (iii) in the case of a taking, the reasonable out-of-pocket costs of putting any affected property in a safe and secure position, (iv) any selling costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable broker s fees or commissions, legal fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred and paid to unaffiliated third parties in connection therewith, transfer and similar Taxes and the relevant Borrower s good faith estimate of income Taxes paid or payable (including pursuant to Tax sharing arrangements or any Tax distributions by a Loan Party, and taking into account any available tax credits or deductions, in each case attributable to such proceeds)) in connection with any sale or taking of such assets as described in clause (a) of this definition, (v) any amounts provided as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities under any indemnification obligation or purchase price adjustments associated with any sale or taking of such assets as referred to in clause (a) of this definition provided that to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds) and (vi) in the case of any covered loss or taking from a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the pro rata portion thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (vi) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the relevant Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary as a result thereof. 
 
 Net Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense, in each case for the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 Net Proceeds means (a) with respect to any Disposition (including any Prepayment Asset Sale), the Cash proceeds (including Cash Equivalents and Cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received) in respect of non-Cash consideration initially received), net of (i) selling costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable broker s fees or commissions, legal fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred and paid to unaffiliated third parties in connection therewith and transfer and similar Taxes and the relevant Borrower s good faith estimate of income Taxes paid or payable (including, without duplication, pursuant to Tax sharing arrangements or any Tax distributions, and taking into account any available tax credits or deductions, in each case to the extent attributable to such sale) by a Loan Party in connection with such Disposition including, in the case of a Disposition by a Foreign Subsidiary, any additional Taxes that are or would be payable or reserved against as a result of repatriation), (ii) amounts provided as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities under any indemnification obligation or purchase price adjustment associated with such Disposition provided that to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Proceeds), (iii) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness (other than the Loans and any other Indebtedness secured by a Lien that is pari passu with or expressly subordinated to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations) which is secured by the asset sold in such Disposition and which 
 57 

is required to be repaid or otherwise comes due or would be in default and is repaid (other than any such Indebtedness that is assumed by the purchaser of such asset) (iv) Cash escrows (until released from escrow to the relevant Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) from the sale price for such Disposition and (v) in the case of any Disposition by a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the pro rata portion of the Net Proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (v) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the relevant Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary as a result thereof and (b) with respect to any issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness or Capital Stock, the Cash proceeds thereof, net of all Taxes and customary fees, commissions, costs, underwriting discounts and other fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. 
 
 NMTC Transactions means one or more transactions involving the disposition and or financing of Real Estate Assets owned by any Subsidiary of Holdings in the form of a new market tax credit financing or similar financing in an aggregate amount not to exceed 75,000,000. 
 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(b) . 
 
 Non-Debt Fund Affiliate means the Investors and any Affiliates of the Investors (other than Holdings, any Borrower and their respective subsidiaries, a natural person or any Affiliate thereof that is a Debt Fund Affiliate), and any direct or indirect parent of Holdings. 
 
 Non-Guarantor Subsidiary means any subsidiary of a Borrower that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 
 Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest (including interest, fees and expenses accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on the Loans, Commitments, all accrued and unpaid fees, premiums and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and all other liabilities and obligations of the Loan Parties to the Lenders or to any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents in respect of any Loans, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute, contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising. 
 
 OFAC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.17(a) . 
 
 Organizational Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation, its certificate or articles of incorporation or organization and its by-laws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction), (b) with respect to any limited partnership, its certificate of limited partnership and its partnership agreement, (c) with respect to any general partnership, its partnership agreement, (d) with respect to any limited liability company, its articles of organization or association or certificate of formation, and its operating agreement or memorandum and articles of association (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction), and (e) with respect to any other form of entity, such other organizational documents required by local law or customary under such jurisdiction to document the formation and governance principles of such type of entity. In the event that any term or condition of this Agreement or any other Loan Document requires any Organizational Document to be certified by a secretary of state or similar governmental official, the reference to any such Organizational Document shall only be to a document of a type customarily certified by such governmental official. 
 
 58 

Other Agreed Adjustments means any add-backs and adjustments (including pro forma adjustments of the type in clause (b)(xi) of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA ), to the extent not otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the type reflected in any confidential information memorandum, lender presentations and other marketing materials in respect of the Initial Term Loans, in each case, which add-backs and adjustments shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, be limited to the time periods or amounts in respect of which such add backs and adjustments were identified therein. 
 
 Other Applicable Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(ii) . 
 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 
 Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary Taxes or any intangible, recording, filing or other similar Taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, but not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment, grant of a participation, designation of a different lending office or other transfer (other than an assignment or designation of a different lending office made pursuant to Section 2.19 or Excluded Taxes. 
 
 Parent Borrower means (a) at any time prior to the consummation of the Performance Chemicals Sale, PQ, (b) upon the consummation of the Performance Chemicals Sale, Evovyst and (c) upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by Section 6.07(a) , the Successor Borrower. 
 
 Parent Company means Holdings and any other Person of which any Borrower is an indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary. 
 
 Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement means the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement dated as of the Existing Credit Agreement Closing Date, by and among (i) the Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent, (ii) after giving effect to the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement Joinder, the Administrative Agent and (iii) the other parties thereto from time to time, and acknowledged by PQ, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement Joinder means the joinder agreement to the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among, the Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent, the Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent, and acknowledged by PQ. 
 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(c) . 
 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(c) . 
 
 59 

Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the legislation for the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
 
 Patent means the following (a) any and all patents and patent applications (b) all inventions described and claimed therein (c) all reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions and continuations in part thereof (d) all income, royalties, damages, claims, and payments now or hereafter due or payable under and with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages and payments for past, present and future infringements thereof (e) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements thereof and (f) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Payment Recipient has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a) . 
 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan , as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan), that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, which the relevant Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, maintains or contributes to or has an obligation to contribute to, or otherwise has any liability, contingent or otherwise. 

Perfection Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E . 
 
 Perfection Certificate Supplement means a supplement to the Perfection Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F . 
 
 Perfection Requirements means the filing of appropriate financing statements with the office of the Secretary of State or other appropriate office of the state of organization of each Loan Party granting a security interest under any Collateral Document governed by U.S. law, the filing of appropriate assignments or notices with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the U.S. Copyright Office, in each case in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the delivery to the Administrative Agent of any stock certificate or Material Debt Instrument required to be delivered pursuant to the applicable Loan Documents, together with instruments of transfer executed in blank, and the execution and delivery of control agreements contemplated by clause (A)(z) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement , in each case, subject in all respects to the definitions of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and Excluded Assets . 
 
 Performance Chemicals Agreement means that certain Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2021, by and between PQ Group Holdings, Inc. and Sparta Aggregator L.P., a partnership established by Koch Minerals & Trading, LLC and Cerberus Capital Management, L.P., as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in a manner not adverse, in any material respect, to the interests of the Lenders. 
 
 Performance Chemicals Sale means collectively (a) the sale of PQ s performance chemicals business pursuant to the Performance Chemicals Agreement, as a result of which PQ LLC, together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries in the Performance Chemicals Business (together with PQ LLC, collectively, the Performance Chemicals Companies ), will be sold and (b) the Midco Transactions. 
 
 60 

Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date means the date on which the Performance Chemicals Sale is consummated. 
 
 Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date Refinancing means, substantially concurrently with the consummation of the Performance Chemicals Sale, (a) the repayment of all outstanding Indebtedness under the Existing Credit Agreement and the release of the liens and security interests granted in connection therewith, (b) the redemption, discharge or deposit with the trustee for the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes of amounts sufficient to effect such redemption or discharge of all outstanding Indebtedness under the 2025 Senior Unsecured Note Indenture and the release of the liens and security interests granted in connection therewith and (c) in each case, the payment of related call premiums, fees and expenses. 
 
 Performance Chemicals Companies has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Performance Chemicals Sale . 
 
 Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR. 
 
 Permitted Acquisition means any acquisition by any Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, whether by purchase, merger, amalgamation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division or product line of, any Person or of a majority of the outstanding Capital Stock of any Person (but in any event including any Investment in (x) any Person that results in such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of any Borrower, (y) any Restricted Subsidiary which serves to increase such Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s respective equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (z) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing such Borrower s or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary s ownership interest in such joint venture). 
 
 Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception means, with respect to any Incremental Term Loans, Replacement Term Loans, Extended Term Loans and any Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.01 that is subject to minimum maturity requirements (including Section 6.01(q) or Section 6.01(w) or Section 6.01(z) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of 205,000,000 and 100 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case, incurred on or after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, may have (i), with respect to Incremental Term Loans and any Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.01(q) or Section 6.01(w) or Section 6.01(z) , (A) a final maturity date that is earlier than the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date at the time of the incurrence thereof and (B) a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then-existing Class of Term Loans, (ii) with respect to Replacement Term Loans, (A) a final maturity date that is earlier than the earlier of (x) the final maturity date of the Replaced Term Loans and (y) ninety-one (91) days after the then latest maturity date of any Term Loans that are not being refinanced or so replaced and (B) a Weighted Average Life to Maturity shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Replaced Term Loans at the time of the relevant refinancing and (iii) with respect to Extended Term Loans, (A) a final maturity date that is earlier than the then applicable Latest Term Loan Maturity Date at the time of extension and (B) a Weighted Average Life to Maturity shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term Loans or any other Extended Term Loans extended thereby. 
 
 Permitted Holders means (a) the Investors and (b) any Person with which one or more Investors form a group (within the meaning of Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act) so long as, in the case of this clause (b) , the relevant Investors beneficially own more than 50 of the relevant voting stock beneficially owned by the group. 
 
 61 

Permitted Liens means Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02 . 
 
 Permitted Restructuring means the internal reorganization and restructuring transactions (together with related transactions) to facilitate the Performance Chemicals Sale in a tax efficient manner, as a result of which, among other things, (a) all catalyst and non-performance chemicals businesses of PQ to be transferred to, and owned by, Ecovyst, (b) the catalyst and non-performance chemicals businesses, on the one hand, and performance chemicals business, on the other hand, held be subsidiaries of PQ to be separated, (b) immediately prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale, (c) PQ shall convert to a limited liability company and distribute Ecovyst to Holdings, (d) PQ s assets that will not be sold in the Performance Chemicals Sale shall be transferred to Ecovyst in accordance with the summary restructuring steps plan delivered to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date and as more fully set forth in the Performance Chemicals Agreement, with such changes that are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Permitted Senior Secured Debt means any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 that is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations (which shall be deemed to include any ABL Facility secured on a Split Collateral Basis (including the ABL Facility as of the Closing Date) subject to an ABL Intercreditor Agreement), including, in each case, any refinancing of such Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 . 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, limited liability partnership, Governmental Authority or any other entity. 
 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA) maintained by a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any of its ERISA Affiliates, other than any Multiemployer Plan. 
 
 Platform has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d) . 
 
 PQ has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Prepayment means any prepayment, redemption, purchase, repurchase (including pursuant to any tender offer, offer to purchase or repurchase, Dutch Auction or similar process or arrangement), retirement or other reduction (including upon cancellation after contribution, assignment or other transfer thereof to any Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) of any Indebtedness (in the case of revolving credit Indebtedness, to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent reduction of commitments) Prepay and Prepaid shall have correlative meanings. 
 
 Prepayment Asset Sale means any Disposition by any Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries made pursuant to, Section 6.07(h) , Section 6.07(n) , Section 6.07(q) , clause (ii) to the proviso to Section 6.07(r) (to the extent provided therein) Section 6.07(aa) and Section 6.07(bb) (in the case of any Sale and Lease-Back Transaction, solely to the extent relating to the Disposition of assets, but excluding any portion that is in excess of the Fair Market Value of such assets on a stand-alone basis) other than, in each case, any Disposition with respect to ABL Collateral so long as the ABL Facility is in effect. 
 
 62 

Primary Obligor has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Guarantee . 
 
 Prime Rate means the rate set by Credit Suisse based upon various factors including Credit Suisse s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. 
 
 Pro Forma Basis or pro forma effect means, as to any calculation of any financial ratio or test (including the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Net Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, Consolidated Total Assets or any component definitions of any of the foregoing), such financial ratio or test shall be calculated on a pro forma basis in accordance with Section 1.10 and shall give pro forma effect to any Specified Transactions (and if applicable, any Limited Condition Transaction) and other pro forma adjustments pursuant to Section 1.10 . 
 
 Promissory Note means a promissory note of any Borrower payable to any Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit G , evidencing the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans of such Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Loans made by such Lender. 
 
 Public Company Costs means any Charge associated with, or in anticipation of, or preparation for, compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith and Charges relating to compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (and, in each case, similar Requirements of Law under other jurisdictions), as applicable to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public, the rules of national securities exchange companies with listed equity or debt securities, directors or managers compensation, fees and expense reimbursement, any Charge relating to investor relations, shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders or debtholders, directors and officers insurance and other executive costs, legal and other professional fees and listing fees. 
 
 Public Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d) . 
 
 Published LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Interest Period when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, (a) the rate of interest appearing on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 (or on any successor or substitute page of such service, or any successor to such service as determined by Administrative Agent) as the London interbank offered rate for deposits in Dollars as administrated by ICA Benchmark Administration Limited (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) for a term comparable to such Interest Period, at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the date which is two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (but if more than one rate is specified on such page, the rate will be an arithmetic average of all such rates) and (b) if, prior to any Benchmark Replacement with respect to USD LIBOR pursuant to Section 2.14 , such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the Published LIBO Rate for such Interest Period shall be the Interpolated Rate. 
 
 Qualified Capital Stock of any Person means any Capital Stock of such Person that is not Disqualified Capital Stock. 
 
 Qualified Public Company mean (a) any Person who has issued or sold its common Capital Stock in an underwritten primary public offering (other than a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed 
 63 

with the SEC in accordance with the Securities Act (whether alone or in connection with a secondary public offering) so long as (i) its market capitalization was at the time of its initial public offering, or at any subsequent time of determination, is at least 250,000,000 and (ii) no Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act (but excluding (A) any employee benefit plan and or Person acting as the trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator therefor, (B) one or more Permitted Holders and (C) any group directly or indirectly controlled by one or more Permitted Holders) owns of Capital Stock representing more than 40 of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock such Person, and (b) any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of such Person. 
 
 Qualifying Bid has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 
 Qualifying Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 
 Real Estate Asset means, at any time of determination, all right, title and interest (fee, leasehold or otherwise) of any Loan Party in and to real property (including, but not limited to, land, improvements and fixtures thereon). 
 
 Refinancing Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower executed by (a) Holdings and the Parent Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that agrees to provide all or any portion of the Replacement Term Loans or the Replacement Revolving Facility, as applicable, being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 9.02(c) . 
 
 Refinancing Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(p) . 
 
 Refunding Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(ix) . 
 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(b)(iv) . 
 
 Regulation D means Regulation D of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 
 Regulation T means Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 
 Related Funds means, with respect to any Lender that is an Approved Fund, any other Approved Fund that is managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor. 
 64 

Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, managers, officers, trustees, employees, partners, agents, advisors and other representatives of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 
 Release means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, injection, escaping, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of any Hazardous Material into the Environment, including the movement of any Hazardous Material through the air, soil, surface water or groundwater. 
 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 
 Replaced Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c) . 
 
 Replaced Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c) . 
 
 Replacement Notes means any Refinancing Indebtedness (whether issued in a public offering, Rule 144A under the Securities Act or other private placement or bridge financing in lieu of the foregoing or otherwise) incurred in respect of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(a) . 
 
 Replacement Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c) . 
 
 Replacement Term Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c)(i) . 
 
 Replacement Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c)(i) . 
 
 Reply Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 
 Reply Price has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 
 Representative has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13 . 
 
 Repricing Transaction means any of the following, but solely to the extent effected and consummated for the primary purpose of reducing the All-In Yield of the Initial Term Loans (a) the Prepayment, repayment, refinancing, substitution or replacement of all or a portion of the Initial Term Loans substantially concurrently with the incurrence by any Loan Party of any term loans (including any Replacement Term Loans) pari passu in right of payment with the existing Initial Term Loans being so Prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced in right of payment and secured by a Lien on the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Liens securing such Initial Term Loans, having an All-In Yield that is less than the effective All-In Yield applicable to the Initial Term Loans so Prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced, and (b) any amendment, waiver or other modification to this Agreement that would have the effect of reducing the All-In Yield of the Initial Term Loans in lieu of a transaction described in clause (a) provided , that the 
 65 

determinations of All-In Yield for any Repricing Transaction shall be made in a manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices and reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, and in any event consistent with the second proviso to Section 2.22(a)(v) and shall disregard any fluctuation in any base or reference rate provided , further , that in none of the events in the preceding clauses (a) and (b) shall constitute a Repricing Transaction if effected or consummated in connection with a dividend recapitalization, a Change of Control or any Transformational Event. Any determination by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower contemplated by preceding clauses (a) and (b) shall be conclusive and binding on all Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall have no liability to any Person with respect to such determination absent bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 Required Excess Cash Flow Percentage means, as of any date of determination, (a) (x) prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, if the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in Annex I) is greater than 3.50 1.00, 50 and (y) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than 4.00 1.00, 50 , (b) (x) prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, if the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in Annex I) is less than or equal to 3.50 1.00 and greater than 3.00 1.00, 25 and (y) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 4.00 1.00 and greater than 3.50 1.00, 25 and (c) (x) prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, if the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in Annex I) is less than or equal to 3.00 1.00, 0 and (y) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 3.50 1.00, 0 it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of this definition as it applies to the determination of the amount of Excess Cash Flow that is required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans under Section 2.11(b)(i) for any Calculation Period, the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis as of the last day of the relevant Calculation Period, after giving effect to the amount of such Prepayment, as determined in good faith by the Parent Borrower. 
 
 Required Facility Lenders means, with respect to any Credit Facility of any Class, at any time, Lenders having Loans or unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Loans and such unused commitments under such Credit Facility at such time. 
 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Loans or unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Loans and such unused Commitments at such time. 
 
 Requirements of Law means, with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all U.S. federal, state, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 
 Responsible Officer of any Person means the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, any executive vice president, any senior vice president, any vice president or the chief operating officer of such Person and any other individual or similar official thereof responsible for the administration of the 
 66 

obligations of such Person in respect of this Agreement, and, as to any document delivered on the Closing Date, shall include any secretary or assistant secretary or any other individual or similar official thereof with substantially equivalent responsibilities of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II , any other officer or responsible employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party, and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 
 Responsible Officer Certification means, with respect to the financial statements for which such certification is required, the certification of a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, the consolidated financial condition of the Parent Borrower as at the dates indicated and its consolidated income and cash flows for the periods indicated, subject to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments. 
 
 Restricted Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(iv)(B) . 
 
 Restricted Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(b) . 
 
 Restricted Debt Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(b) . 
 Restricted Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution on account of any shares of any class of the Capital Stock of any Borrower, except a dividend payable solely in shares of Qualified Capital Stock to the holders of such class (b) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value of any shares of any class of the Capital Stock of any Borrower and (c) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of the Capital Stock of any Borrower now or hereafter outstanding. 
 
 Restricted Subsidiary means, as to any Person, any subsidiary of such Person that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unless otherwise specified, Restricted Subsidiary shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower. 
 
 Return Bid has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction . 
 
 Revolving Lender means a Lender with any Additional Revolving Commitment or an outstanding Additional Revolving Loan. 
 
 Revolving Loans means any Additional Revolving Loans and any revolving loans under any other Credit Facility. 
 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 
 Sale and Lease-Back Transaction means the lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed), whether now owned or hereafter acquired, which any Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary (a) has sold or transferred or is to sell or to transfer to any other Person (other than a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) and (b) intends to use for substantially the 
 67 

same purpose as the property which has been or is to be sold or transferred by such Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary to any Person (other than a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) in connection with such lease. 
 
 Sanctions has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.17(a) . 
 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of its functions. 
 
 Secured Hedging Obligations means all Hedging Obligations (other than any Excluded Swap Obligations) under each Hedge Agreement (whether such Hedge Agreement was entered into prior to, on or after the Closing Date) between Holdings, any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and a counterparty that is or becomes an Administrative Agent, a Lender, an Arranger or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Arranger (or any other Person that is designated by the Parent Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent as a Secured Hedging Obligations counterparty and who is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), in each case that has been designated to the Administrative Agent in writing by the Parent Borrower as being a Secured Hedging Obligation for purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood that each counterparty thereto shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its non-fiduciary agent under the applicable Loan Documents and (B) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article VIII , Section 9.03 , Section 9.10 , Section 9.11 and the Intercreditor Agreement (and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) as if it were a Lender. 
 
 Secured Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Secured Debt to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case for the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 Secured Obligations means all Obligations, together with (a) all Banking Services Obligations and (b) all Secured Hedging Obligations. 
 
 Secured Parties means (a) the Lenders, (b) the Administrative Agent, (c) each counterparty to a Hedge Agreement with a Loan Party the obligations under which constitute Secured Hedging Obligations, (d) each provider of Banking Services to any Loan Party the obligations under which constitute Banking Services Obligations, (e) the Arrangers and (f) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 
 Securities means any stock, shares, units, partnership interests, voting trust certificates, certificates of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement or arrangement, options, warrants, bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in temporary or interim certificates for the purchase or acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing provided that Securities shall not include any earn-out agreement or obligation or any employee bonus or other incentive compensation plan or agreement. 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Security Agreement means the Term Loan Pledge and Security Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit I , among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 68 

SOFR with respect to any day means means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website as administered by the SOFR Administrator . 
 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 
 SOFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 
 SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (b) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate . 
 
 SPC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(e) . 
 
 Special Dividend has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(xvii) . 
 
 Specified Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Incremental Cap . 
 
 Specified Lease Transactions means lease and lease-back and sale and lease-back transactions consummated by any Loan Party and one or more governmental units in connection with arrangements pursuant to applicable state or local law by which a Loan Party obtains partial or full abatement of ad valorem taxes levied against the subject property, including, without limitation, those transactions described on Schedule 1.01(c). 
 
 Specified Transaction means (a) (i) any incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness (excluding any borrowings under any ABL Facility or Additional Revolving Facility incurred substantially concurrently with such Specified Transaction), and (ii) any Prepayment, redemptions, repurchases and other retirements of any Indebtedness (in the case of any Additional Revolving Facility, to the extent accompanied by a permanent reduction in the commitments thereunder), (b) to the extent applicable in determining the First Lien Leverage Ratio or the Secured Leverage Ratio, the incurrence of any Lien on Collateral, (c) any Permitted Acquisition and any Investment that results in a Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, (d) any Restricted Payment, (e) any Restricted Debt Payment, (f) any Disposition, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of (i) all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division or product line of, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary that results in such Restricted Subsidiary no longer being a Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, or (iii) any asset pursuant to Section 6.07(h) having a Fair Market Value greater than 50,000,000, (g) to the extent elected by the Parent Borrower to be excluded in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, any designation of operations or assets of the Parent Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary as discontinued operations in accordance with GAAP, (h) solely for the purposes of determining the applicable amount of Cash and Cash Equivalents, any contribution of capital to (and the Net Proceeds from the issuance of any Qualified Capital Stock by) the Parent Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, (i) any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary in compliance with this Agreement, and (j) any other transaction that by the terms of this Agreement requires a financial ratio to be calculated on Pro Forma Basis or after giving pro forma effect thereto. 
 
 69 

Split Collateral Basis means, with respect to any ABL Facility, the obligations thereunder are secured by ABL Collateral (or similar current assets) on a senior priority basis relative to the First Priority Secured Obligations and also secured by all other Collateral on a junior priority basis relative to the First Priority Secured Obligations, in each case, as provided in an ABL Intercreditor Agreement. 
 
 Sponsor means CCMP Capital Advisors, LP and any of its controlled Affiliates and funds managed or advised by any of them or any of their respective controlled Affiliates. 
 
 Subject Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.03(e) . 
 
 Subject Loans means, as of any date of determination, any outstanding Term Loans subject to ratable prepayment requirements in accordance with Section 2.11(b)(vi) on such date of determination. 
 
 Subject Person has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Consolidated Net Income . 
 
 Subject Proceeds has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(ii) . 
 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness among Holdings and or its subsidiaries) of a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations. 
 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or other business entity of which more than 50 of the total voting power of stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Person or Persons (whether directors, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof provided that in determining the percentage of ownership interests of any Person controlled by another Person, no ownership interests in the nature of a qualifying share of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding. Unless otherwise specified, subsidiary shall mean any subsidiary of any Borrower. 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means (x) on the Closing Date, each Restricted Subsidiary of each Borrower (other than any subsidiary that is an Excluded Subsidiary or any subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary) and (y) thereafter, each subsidiary of each Borrower that guarantees the Secured Obligations pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including each Restricted Subsidiary that is a Discretionary Guarantor), in each case, until such time as the relevant subsidiary is released from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. 
 
 Successor Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.07(a) . 
 
 Swap Obligations means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 Tax Group has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(vi) . 
 
 70 

Taxes means any and all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges in the nature of a tax imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Term Facility means any facility of any Class of Term Loans provided to or for the benefit of the Borrowers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 Term Lender means a Lender with a Commitment to make Term Loans or outstanding Term Loan under any Term Facility. 
 
 Term Loan means the Initial Term Loans, any Additional Term Loans and any term loan under any other Credit Facility. 
 
 Term SOFR means, 
 
 (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR SOFR Determination Day. 
 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.10 per annum. 
 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable corresponding tenor, Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body . 
 71 

Termination Date means the date that all (if any) Additional Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts and Obligations payable under any Loan Document (other than (a) contingent indemnification obligations and (b) Banking Services Obligations or Hedging Obligations that are not being terminated as to which arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable counterparty have been made) have been paid in full. 
 
 Test Period means, as of any date, subject to Section 1.10 , the period of four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters then most recently ended for which financial statements under Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) , as applicable, have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered) it being understood and agreed that prior to the first delivery of financial statements of Section 5.01(a) , Test Period means the period of four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters in respect of which financial statements were delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(c) . 
 
 Threshold Amount means (i) prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, 50,000,000 and (ii) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, 75,000,000. 
 
 Total Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Total Debt to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case for the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 Trademark means the following (a) all trademarks (including service marks), common law marks, trade names, trade dress, domain names and logos, slogans and other indicia of origin under the laws of any jurisdiction in the world, and the registrations and applications for registration thereof and the goodwill of the business connected to the use of and symbolized by the foregoing (b) all renewals of the foregoing (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages, claims and payments for past, present and future infringements or dilutions thereof (d) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements or dilutions of any of the foregoing, including the right to settle suits involving claims and demands for royalties owing and (e) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Transaction Costs means (a) fees, premiums, penalties, breakage costs, interest expense to satisfy and discharge any securities with a redemption date after the Closing Date, expenses and other transaction costs (including original issue discount or upfront fees) payable or otherwise borne by Holdings, any Borrower and its subsidiaries or any Parent Company of any Borrower in connection with the Transactions and the transactions contemplated thereby and (b) any payments to be made after the Closing Date from the proceeds of the Loans, Indebtedness under the ABL Credit Agreement, cash on hand of Holdings, any Borrower and its subsidiaries or any Parent Company of any Borrower. 
 
 Transactions means, collectively, (a) the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of the Loan Documents to which they are a party and the Borrowing of Loans hereunder, (b) the Closing Date Refinancing (c) the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of the Closing Date ABL Amendment and the Loan Documents (as defined in the Closing Date ABL Amendment) to which they are a party, and (d) the payment of the Transaction Costs. 
 
 Transformational Event means any acquisition or investment by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is (a) not permitted by the terms of this Agreement immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition or investment, (b) if permitted by the terms of this 
 72 

Agreement immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition or investment, would not provide the Parent Borrower and its subsidiaries with adequate flexibility under this Agreement for the continuation and or expansion of their combined operations following such consummation, as determined by such Borrower acting in good faith, or (c) any acquisition or investment involving aggregate consideration in excess of (I) prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, the greater of 338,000,000 and 100 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or (II) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, the greater of 205,000,000 and 100 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Treasury Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(ix) . 
 
 Treasury Regulations means the U.S. federal income tax regulations promulgated under the Code. 
 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or any other state the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the creation or perfection of security interests. 
 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Parent Borrower designated by the Parent Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 5.10 or after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.10 . 
 
 U.S. means the United States of America. 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f) . 
 
 73 

USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 
 
 USD LIBOR means the London interbank offered rate for Dollars. 
 
 Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required scheduled payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness provided that the effects of any prepayments made on such Indebtedness shall be disregarded in making such calculation. 
 
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of any Person means a subsidiary of such Person, 100 of the Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares or shares required by law to be owned by a resident of the relevant jurisdiction) shall be owned by such Person or by one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 
 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 
 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes Indenture means the Indenture for the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes, dated as of December 11, 2017, among PQ, the guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. 
 
 2025 Senior Unsecured Note Documents means the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes Indenture under which the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes are issued and all other instruments, agreements and other documents evidencing the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes or providing for any Guarantee or other right in respect thereof. 
 
 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes means the senior unsecured notes due 2025 in the aggregate principal amount of 300,000,000, and the Guarantees thereof, in each case together with any amendment, modification, supplement, restatement, amendment and restatement, extension, renewal, refinancing, refunding or replacement thereof to the extent permitted or not restricted by this Agreement. 
 
 Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Term Loan or by Type e.g. , a LIBO SOFR Rate Loan or by Class and Type e.g. , a LIBO SOFR Rate Term Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Term Borrowing or by Type 
 74 

e.g. , a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing or by Class and Type e.g. , a LIBO SOFR Rate Term Borrowing ). 
 
 Section 1.03. Terms Generally . 
 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. 
 
 (b) The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . 
 
 (c) Unless the context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein or in any Loan Document (or any Loan Document (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement)) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or extended, replaced or refinanced (subject to any restrictions or qualifications on such amendments, restatements, amendment and restatements, supplements or modifications or extensions, replacements or refinancings set forth herein), (ii) any reference to any law in any Loan Document shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such law, (iii) any reference herein or in any Loan Document to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and permitted assigns, (iv) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (v) all references herein or in any Loan Document to Articles, Sections, clauses, paragraphs, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles, Sections, clauses and paragraphs of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, such Loan Document, (vi) in the computation of periods of time in any Loan Document from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including , the words to and until mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including and (vii) the words asset and property , when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including Cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything else provided herein or in any other Loan Document, any interest, fee or principal payments on any Indebtedness due and payable (or paid) as of the last Business Day of a calendar month, calendar quarter or calendar year, as applicable, shall be deemed to have been due and payable (or paid) as of the end of the respective fiscal month, Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year, as applicable, ended closest to such calendar period for purposes of all calculations of Consolidated Secured Debt, Consolidated First Lien Debt, Consolidated Total Debt, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and Excess Cash Flow hereunder. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any Default or Event of Default, other than any Event of Default which cannot be waived without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, shall be deemed not to be continuing or to exist if the events, actions, inactions or conditions that gave rise to such Default or Event of Default have been or are deemed to have been remedied or cured (including by payment, delivering notice or taking any action (including if paid, delivered or taken after the specified time for such action or after the expiration of any grace or cure periods therefor), omitting to take any action or unwinding or modifying any prior action or event to the extent necessary for such action or event to be or have been permitted) or have ceased to exist and the Parent Borrower 
 75 

would otherwise have been in compliance with this Agreement but for such Default or Event of Default and the consequences thereof (any such Default or Event of Default, a Subject Default and upon any Subject Default having been cured, remedied or waived or deemed to no longer to exist or be continuing or to have been remedied or cured, each other Default or Event of Default that may have resulted from the making or deemed making of any representation or warranty, the taking of any action or the consummation of any transaction due to the continuation or existence of the Subject Default shall automatically be deemed to have been cured and no longer continuing provided , that the foregoing shall not be applicable with respect to any Default or Event of Default if a responsible officer of the Parent Borrower had actual knowledge that such events, actions, inactions or conditions constituted a Default or Event of Default and knowingly failed to give timely notice to the Administrative Agent of such Default or Event of Default required herein. 
 
 Section 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP . 
 
 (a) All financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature that are used in calculating the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time (except as otherwise provided in the definition of GAAP provided , that (i) if the Parent Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Parent Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date of delivery of the financial statements described in Section 3.04(a) in GAAP or in the application thereof (including the conversion to IFRS as described below) on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Parent Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change becomes or became effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith, and (ii) if such an amendment is requested by the Parent Borrower or the Required Lenders, then the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall negotiate in good faith to enter into an amendment of the relevant affected provisions (without the payment of any amendment or similar fee to the Lenders) to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP or the application thereof. All terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to (i) any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Parent Borrower or any subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. If the Parent Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Parent Borrower (or its applicable Parent Company) is required to report under IFRS or has elected to do so through an early adoption policy, thereafter GAAP shall mean international financial reporting standards pursuant to IFRS provided that after such conversion, the Parent Borrower cannot elect to report under GAAP). 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, solely for purposes of determining the amount any Capital Lease, Consolidated Interest Expense, Consolidated Total Debt and Indebtedness, GAAP shall exclude the accounting treatment requiring all leases to be reflected as 
 76 

liabilities on the balance sheet and capitalized, and only those leases that would constitute Capital Leases in conformity with GAAP prior to the implementation of such accounting treatment shall be considered Capital Leases, and all calculations and determinations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made in a manner consistent therewith. 
 
 Section 1.05. Effectuation of Transactions . Each of the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement (and all corresponding definitions) is made after giving effect to the Transactions, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 
 Section 1.06. Timing of Payment of Performance . Subject to the definitions of Interest Payment Date and Interest Period, when payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other than as described in the definition of Interest Period or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. 
 
 Section 1.07. Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to New York City time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 
 Section 1.08. Currency Generally . 
 (a) Subject to clause (b) of this Section 1.08 , for purposes of any determination hereunder (other than the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio) with respect to any Specified Transaction, any other transaction or utilization or other measurement or calculation of any transaction or action in a currency other than Dollars, (i) the Dollar equivalent amount of such Specified Transaction, any other transaction or utilization or other measurement or calculation of any transaction or action shall be calculated based on a currency exchange rate determined by the Parent Borrower in good faith in effect on the date of such applicable transaction, utilization, measurement or calculation (or such other date as the Parent Borrower determines in good faith is the appropriate calculation date, including, at the election of the Parent Borrower, the applicable LCT Test Date for a Limited Condition Transaction) provided , that in the case of the incurrence of Indebtedness under any revolving credit or delayed draw facility, the Parent Borrower may instead elect to use the currency exchange rate in effect on the date such indebtedness was first committed or first incurred (whichever yields the lower Dollar equivalent) provided that if any Indebtedness is incurred (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) to refinance or replace other Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than Dollars, and the relevant refinancing or replacement would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing or replacement, such Dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing or replacement Indebtedness (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) does not exceed an amount sufficient to repay the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced or replaced, except by an amount equal to (x) unpaid accrued interest and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus other reasonable and customary fees and expenses (including upfront fees and original issue discount) incurred in connection with such refinancing or replacement, (y) any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (z) additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01 and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in the rate of currency exchange occurring after the time of any Specified Transaction so long as such Specified Transaction was permitted at the time incurred, made, acquired, committed, entered or declared as set forth in clause (i) . For purposes of the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio for purposes of taking any action hereunder, on any relevant date of determination, amounts denominated in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into Dollars at the applicable currency exchange rate used in preparing the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable, for the relevant Test Period 
 77 

and will, with respect to any Indebtedness, reflect the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of any Hedge Agreement permitted hereunder in respect of currency exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination for the Dollar equivalent amount of such Indebtedness. 
 
 (b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify with the Parent Borrower s consent to appropriately reflect a change in currency of any country and any relevant market convention or practice relating to such change in currency. 
 
 Section 1.09. Cashless Rollovers . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, to the extent that any Lender extends the maturity date of, or replaces, renews or refinances, any of its then - existing Loans with Incremental Loans, Replacement Term Loans, Loans in connection with any Replacement Revolving Facility, Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving Loans or loans incurred under a new credit facility, in each case, to the extent such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing is effected by means of a cashless roll by such Lender, such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing shall be deemed to comply with any requirement hereunder or any other Loan Document that such payment be made in Dollars , in immediately available funds , in Cash or any other similar requirement. 
 
 Section 1.10. Certain Conditions, Calculations and Tests . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any intended acquisition, Investment (other than Investments in the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), Restricted Payment and or Restricted Debt Payment (each, taken together with any related actions and transactions (including, in the case of any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facilities), the incurrence, repayment and other intended uses of proceeds), a Limited Condition Transaction ), to the extent that the terms of this Agreement require satisfaction of, or compliance with, any condition, test or requirement, in order to effect, incur or consummate such Limited Condition Transaction (including (w) compliance with any financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Section 2.22 , any First Lien Leverage Ratio, any Secured Leverage Ratio, any Total Leverage Ratio, any Net Interest Coverage Ratio and or the amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets (including any component definitions of the foregoing)), (x) the making or accuracy of any representations and warranties, (y) the absence of a Default or Event of Default (or any type of Default or Event of Default) and or (z) any other condition, test or requirement), at the election of the Parent Borrower (a LCT Election ), the date of determination of whether any relevant conditions, tests and requirements are satisfied or complied with shall be made on, and shall be deemed to be, the date (the LCT Test Date that the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into (or, if applicable, delivery of notice of redemption, Prepayment, declaration of dividend or similar event), giving pro forma effect to such Limited Condition Transaction (including any related actions and transactions) pursuant to this Section 1.10 . If the Parent Borrower has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Transaction and such Limited Condition Transaction (including any related actions and transactions) would be permitted on the LCT Test Date, (i) each such condition, test and requirement shall be deemed satisfied and complied with for all purposes of such Limited Condition Transaction and (ii) any change in status of any such condition, test and requirement between the LCT Test Date and the taking of the relevant actions or consummation of the relevant transactions such that any applicable financial ratios or tests, baskets, conditions, requirements or provisions would be exceeded, breached or otherwise no longer complied with or satisfied for any reason (including due to fluctuations in Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction) shall be disregarded such that all financial ratios or tests, baskets, conditions, requirements or provisions shall continue to be deemed complied with and satisfied for all purposes 
 78 

of such Limited Condition Transaction, all applicable transactions and actions will permitted and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to exist or to have occurred or resulted from such change in status or Limited Condition Transaction provided , that (A) if financial statements for one or more subsequent fiscal quarters shall have become available subsequent to the LCT Test Date, the Parent Borrower may elect, in its sole discretion, to re-determine all financial ratios or tests, baskets, conditions, requirements or provisions on the basis of such financial statements, in which case, such date of redetermination shall thereafter be deemed to be the applicable LCT Test Date for purposes of such ratios, tests or baskets, and (B) except as contemplated in the foregoing clause (A) , compliance with such financial ratios or tests, baskets, conditions, requirements or provisions shall not be determined or tested at any time for purposes of such Limited Condition Transaction after the applicable LCT Test Date. If the Parent Borrower has made an LCT Election, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any financial ratios or tests (including any Incurrence-Based Baskets), thresholds and availability (including under any Fixed Basket) under this Agreement with respect to any unrelated transactions or actions on or following the applicable LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the definitive agreement (or, if applicable, notice, declaration or similar event) for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any financial ratios or tests, thresholds and availability shall be determined assuming such Limited Condition Transaction (including any related actions and transactions) had been consummated. 
 
 (b) For purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event or compliance with any term that requires a calculation of any financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Sections 2.22 and 2.23 , any First Lien Leverage Ratio, any Secured Leverage Ratio, any Total Leverage Ratio, any Net Interest Coverage Ratio and or the amount or percentage of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets (including any component definitions of the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding clause (k) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income , which shall be disregarded)), (i) Specified Transactions that have been made during the applicable Test Period (or, except as provided in Section 1.10(c) , subsequent to such Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made) and any Limited Condition Transaction (including any related actions and transactions) shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and be given pro forma effect assuming that all such Specified Transactions (including any related actions and transactions) and Limited Condition Transactions had occurred on the first day of the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated Total Debt, on the last date of the applicable Test Period) in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower and include, for the avoidance of doubt, the amount of run-rate cost savings (including sourcing and supply chain savings), operating expense reductions, operating, revenue and productivity improvements and synergies projected by the Parent Borrower in good faith in a manner consistent with, and without duplication of, clause (b)(xi) of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and given pro forma effect as though such run-rate cost savings (including sourcing and supply chain savings), operating expense reductions, operating, revenue and productivity improvements and synergies had been realized on the first day of such period for the entirety of such period), and any such adjustments shall be included in the initial pro forma calculations of such financial ratios or tests and during any subsequent Test Period in a manner consistent with, and without duplication of, clause (b)(xi) of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA , whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, and (ii) any borrowings under any revolving facility made subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period (regardless of whether incurred in connection with any Specified Transaction) shall be disregarded and excluded from such pro forma calculation. 
 
 79 

(c) The calculation of any financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Sections 2.22 and 2.23 , any First Lien Leverage Ratio, any Secured Leverage Ratio, any Total Leverage Ratio, any Net Interest Coverage Ratio and or the amount or percentage of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets (including any component definitions of the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding clause (k) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income , which shall be disregarded)) shall be based on the most recently ended Test Period for which internal financial statements are available (as determined in good faith by the Parent Borrower) provided , that, for purposes of the definition of Applicable Rate , (i) to the extent any Specified Transactions were made subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period, such Specified Transactions shall not be given pro forma effect or be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, and (ii) such financial ratio or test shall be based on the most recently ended Test Period for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable. 
 
 (d) The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other discount security constituting Indebtedness at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet of the Parent Borrower dated such date prepared in accordance with GAAP. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being calculated on a Pro Forma Basis or being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness attributable to any period subsequent to such Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made shall be calculated for as if the rate in effect on the date of the event for which the calculation is made had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any hedging obligations applicable to such Indebtedness). Interest on a Capital Lease obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capital Lease obligation in accordance with GAAP. Any calculation of the Net Interest Coverage Ratio on a Pro Forma Basis will be calculated using an assumed interest rate in determining Consolidated Interest Expense based on the indicative interest margin contained in any financing commitment documentation with respect to such Indebtedness or, if no such indicative interest margin exists, as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower in good faith. 
 
 (e) The increase in amounts secured by Liens by virtue of accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the payment of interest or dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness, amortization of original issue discount and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Liens for purposes of Section 6.02 . 
 
 (f) For purposes of determining compliance at any time with the provisions of this Agreement, in the event that any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility and Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction or other transaction, as applicable, meets the criteria of more than one category (or subcategory within any category) of exceptions, thresholds, baskets, or other provisions of transactions or items permitted pursuant to any clause of Article VI (other than Section 6.01(a) and (x) ), any component (or subcomponent) in the definition of Incremental Cap or any other provision of this Agreement, the Parent Borrower, in its sole discretion, may, at any time, classify or reclassify (on one or more occasions) and or divide or re-divide (on one or more occasions) such transaction or item (or portion thereof) among one or more such categories of exceptions, thresholds, baskets or provisions, as elected by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion (other than the Initial Term Loans, the Revolving Loans (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) outstanding on the Closing Date and any refinancing indebtedness in respect thereof which may not be reclassified). It is understood and agreed that any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility and Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction or other transaction need not be permitted solely by 
 80 

reference to one category (or subcategory) of exceptions, thresholds, baskets or provisions permitting such Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition and or Affiliate transaction under Article VI (other than Sections 6.01(a) , (x) and (z) ), any component (or subcomponent) in the definition of Incremental Cap or any other provision of this Agreement, but may instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof. Upon delivery of financial statements following any initial classification and division (or any subsequent reclassification and re-division), if any applicable financial ratios for any Incurrence-Based Baskets would then be satisfied for the incurrence of such Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility and Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction, any amount thereof under any Fixed Basket shall automatically be deemed reclassified and re-divided as incurred under any available Incurrence-Based Baskets to the extent not previously elected by the Parent Borrower and will be deemed to have been incurred, issued, made or taken first, to the extent available, pursuant to any available Incurrence-Based Baskets as set forth above without utilization of any Fixed Basket. 
 
 (g) With respect to any amounts incurred or transactions entered into or consummated (including any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility and Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction or other transaction), in reliance on a combination of Fixed Baskets and Incurrence-Based Baskets, it is understood and agreed that (i) the Incurrence-Based Baskets shall first be calculated without giving effect to any Fixed Baskets being relied upon for any portion of such incurrence or transactions (i.e., the portion of such incurrence or transaction in reliance on all Fixed Baskets shall be disregarded in the calculation of the financial ratio applicable to the Incurrence-Based Baskets, but full pro forma effect shall otherwise be given thereto and to all other applicable and related transactions (including, in the case of Indebtedness, the intended use of the aggregate proceeds of Indebtedness being incurred in reliance on a combination of Fixed Baskets and Incurrence-Based Baskets, but without netting the Cash proceeds of such Indebtedness) and all other permitted pro forma adjustments (except that the incurrence of any borrowings under any revolving credit facility shall be disregarded as set forth in Section 1.10(b) )) and (ii) thereafter, the incurrence of the portion of such amounts or other applicable transaction to be entered into in reliance on any Fixed Baskets shall be calculated (and may subsequently be reclassified into Incurrence-Based Baskets in accordance with Section 1.10(f) ). For example, in calculating the maximum amount of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Fixed Baskets and Incurrence-Based Baskets in Section 6.01 in connection with an acquisition, only the portion of such Indebtedness intended to be incurred under Incurrence-Based Baskets shall be included in the calculation of financial ratios (and the portion of such Indebtedness intended to be incurred under Fixed Baskets shall be deemed to not have been incurred in calculating such financial ratios), but pro forma effect shall be given to the use of proceeds from the entire amount of Indebtedness intended to be incurred under both the Fixed Baskets and Incurrence-Based Baskets, the consummation of the acquisitions and any related repayments of Indebtedness. 
 
 Section 1.11. Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Parent Borrower pursuant to this Agreement (or required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement) shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up for five). 
 Section 1.12. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into 
 81 

existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Capital Stock at such time. 
 
 Section 1.13. Rate LIBOR Notification Rates . The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions unrelated to this Agreement that affect the calculation of ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 
 (a) The interest rate on Eurodollar Rate Loans is determined by reference to the LIBOR Screen Rate, which is derived from the London interbank offered rate. The London interbank offered rate is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that, after the end of 2021, it would no longer persuade or compel contributing banks to make rate submissions to the ICE Benchmark Administration (together with any successor to the ICE Benchmark Administrator, the IBA for purposes of the IBA setting the London interbank offered rate. On March 5, 2021, the IBA stated that as a result of its not having access to input data necessary to calculate LIBOR settings on a representative basis beyond the intended cessation dates set forth in the table below, it would have to cease publication of all 35 LIBOR settings immediately after such dates 

LIBOR Currency LIBOR Settings Date USD 1-week, 2-month December 31, 2021 USD All other settings (i.e., Overnight Spot Next, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month) June 30, 2023 GBP, EUR, CHF, JPY All settings December 31, 2021 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 (b) The IBA did not identify any successor administrator in its announcement. In light of this eventuality, public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of the London interbank offered rate. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early 
 82 

Opt-in Election, Section 2.14 provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the submission or any other matter related to the London interbank offered rate or other rates in the definition of Eurodollar Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section 2.14 , whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 2.14(a) , including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the Eurodollar Rate or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 THE CREDITS 
 
 Section 2.01. Commitments . 
 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Initial Term Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make Initial Term Loans to the Borrowers on the Closing Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Initial Term Loan Commitment. 
 
 (b) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Lender and each Additional Lender with an Additional Term Commitment for a given Class of Incremental Term Loans severally, and not jointly, agrees to make Additional Term Loans of such Class to the Borrowers, which Additional Term Loans shall not exceed for any such Lender or Additional Lender at the time of any incurrence thereof, the Additional Term Commitment of such Lender or Additional Lender for such Class on the date of borrowing of such Additional Term Loans. Amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of such Additional Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 
 
 Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings . 
 
 (a) Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and Type made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class. 
 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.01 and Section 2.14 , each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or LIBO Rate SOFR Loans as the Parent Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any LIBO Rate SOFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan provided that (i) any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (ii) such LIBO Rate SOFR Loan shall be deemed to have been made and held by such Lender, and the obligation of the Borrowers to repay such LIBO Rate SOFR Loan shall nevertheless be to such Lender for the account of such domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender and (iii) in exercising such option, such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to minimize increased costs to the Borrowers resulting therefrom (which obligation of such Lender shall not require it to take, or refrain from taking, actions that it determines would result in increased costs for which it will not be compensated hereunder or that it otherwise determines would be disadvantageous to it and in the event of such request for costs for which compensation is provided under this Agreement, the provisions of Section 2.15 shall apply) 
 83 

provided further that any such domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender shall not be entitled to any greater indemnification under Section 2.17 with respect to such LIBO Rate SOFR Loan than that to which the applicable Lender was entitled on the date on which such Loan was made (except in connection with any indemnification entitlement arising as a result of a Change in Law after the date on which such Loan was made). 
 
 (c) Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of ten (10) different Interest Periods in effect for LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowings at any time outstanding (or such greater number of different Interest Periods as the Administrative Agent may agree from time to time). 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it be entitled to, request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date applicable to such Loans. 
 
 Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings . Each Borrowing in respect of the Term Facility, each Borrowing in respect of any Additional Revolving Facility, each conversion of Term Loans or Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of LIBO Rate SOFR Loans shall be made upon irrevocable notice by the relevant Borrower to the Administrative Agent provided that notices in respect of Term Loan Borrowings and or Additional Revolving Loan Borrowing to be made in connection with any permitted acquisition, investment or irrevocable repayment or redemption of Indebtedness may be conditioned on the closing of such acquisition, investment or repayment or redemption of Indebtedness). Each such notice must be in writing or by telephone (and promptly confirmed in writing) and must be received by the Administrative Agent (by hand delivery, fax or other electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tiff )) not later than (i) 2 00 p.m. three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing, conversion or continuation of LIBO Rate SOFR Loans (or two (2) Business Days in the case of any Borrowing of LIBO Rate SOFR Loans to be made on the Closing Date) or (ii) 12 00 p.m. (Noon) on the requested date of any Borrowing of ABR Loans (or, in each case, such later time as shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent) provided , however , that if a Borrower wishes to request LIBO Rate SOFR Loans having an Interest Period of other than one (1), three (3) or six (6) months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, (A) the applicable notice from such Borrower must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 2 00 p.m. four (4) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation (or such later time as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the appropriate Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to them and ascertainable by the Administrative Agent or, in the case of Interest Periods shorter than twelve (12) months, subject to the Administrative Agent s consent and (B) not later than 12 00 p.m. (Noon) three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify such Borrower whether or not the requested Interest Period is available to can be accommodated by the Administrative Agent and the appropriate Lenders. Each written notice (or confirmation of telephonic notice) with respect to a Borrowing by the Borrowers pursuant to this Section 2.03 shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent in the form of a written Borrowing Request or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 
 (a) the Class of such Borrowing 
 84 

(b) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing 
 
 (c) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 
 (d) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing 
 
 (e) in the case of a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 
 (f) the location and number of the relevant Borrower s account or any other designated account(s) to which funds are to be disbursed (the Funding Account ). 
 
 If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing, then the Parent Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one (1) month s duration. The Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of the Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing (x) in the case of any ABR Borrowing, on the same Business Day of receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03 or (y) in the case of any LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing, no later than one (1) U.S. Government Securities Business Day following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03 . 
 
 Section 2.04. Reserved . 
 
 Section 2.05. Reserved . 
 
 Section 2.06. Reserved . 
 
 Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings . 
 
 (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan of any Class to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 2 00 p.m. to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders of such Class in an amount equal to such Lender s respective Applicable Percentage for such Class. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrowers by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to the Funding Account or as otherwise directed by the Parent Borrower. 
 
 (b) Unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from any Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section 2.07 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrowers a corresponding amount. In such event, if any Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrowers severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand (without duplication) such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrowers to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate (or, with respect to 
 85 

any amount denominated in Euros, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in Euros, on an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by the Administrative Agent in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency) and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrowers, the interest rate applicable to Loans comprising such Borrowing at such time. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing and each Borrower s obligation to repay the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount pursuant to this Section 2.07(b) shall cease. If the Borrowers pay such amount to the Administrative Agent, the amount so paid shall constitute a repayment of such Borrowing by such amount. Nothing herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers or any other Loan Party may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. 
 
 Section 2.08. Type Interest Elections . 
 
 (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Parent Borrower may elect to convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section 2.08 . The Parent Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders for the relevant Class based upon their Applicable Percentages for such Class and the Loans of such Class comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 
 
 (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.08 , the Parent Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election either in writing (by hand delivery, fax or other electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tiff )) or by telephone by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Parent Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery, fax or other electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tiff to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request signed by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower. 
 
 (c) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 
 (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing and 
 
 86 

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Parent Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one (1) month s duration. 
 
 (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 
 (e) If the Parent Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, such Borrowing shall be converted at the end of such Interest Period to a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of one (1) month. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default exists and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Parent Borrower, then, so long as such Event of Default exists (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the then-current Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 
 Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments . Unless previously terminated, the Initial Term Loan Commitments shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date. 
 
 Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt . 
 
 (a) The Borrowers hereby unconditionally promise to repay Initial Term Loans, in Dollars, to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term Lender (i) commencing September 30, 2021, on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December prior to the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date (each such date being referred to as a Loan Installment Date ), in each case in an amount equal to 0.25 of the original principal amount of the Initial Term Loans (as such payments may be reduced from time to time as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.11 and repurchases in accordance with Section 9.05(h) or increased as a result of any increase in the amount of such Initial Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.22(a) ), and (ii) on the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, in an amount equal to the remainder of the principal amount of the Initial Term Loans outstanding on such date, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to, but excluding, the date of such payment. 
 
 (b) The Borrowers hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Additional Lender, the then-unpaid principal amount of each Additional Revolving Loan of such Additional Lender on the Maturity Date applicable thereto. 
 
 (c) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 
 87 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts (which shall be part of the Register) in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period (if any) applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 
 (e) The entries made in the accounts maintained in the Register shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein (absent manifest error) provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain accounts pursuant to Sections 2.10(c) and 2.10(d) or any manifest error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement provided , further , that in the event of any inconsistency between the Register and any Lender s records, the Register shall govern. 
 
 (f) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a Promissory Note. In such event, the applicable Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Promissory Note payable to such Lender and its registered assigns it being understood and agreed that such Lender (and or its applicable assign) shall be required to return such Promissory Note to the Parent Borrower in accordance with Section 9.05(b)(iii) and upon the occurrence of the Termination Date (or as promptly thereafter as practicable). 
 
 Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans . 
 
 (a) Optional Prepayments . 
 
 (i) Upon prior notice in accordance with paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 2.11 , the Borrowers shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing of Term Loans of one or more Classes (such Class or Classes to be selected by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion) in whole or in part without premium or penalty except as provided in Sections 2.12(c) and 2.16 . Each such prepayment shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the relevant Class. 
 
 (ii) Upon prior notice in accordance with paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 2.11 , the Borrowers shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay (in accordance with Section 2.18(a) any Borrowing of Additional Revolving Loans of any Class, in whole or in part without premium or penalty (but subject to Section 2.16 provided that after the establishment of any Additional Revolving Facility, any such prepayment of any Borrowing of Additional Revolving Loans of any Class shall be subject to the provisions set forth in Section 2.22 , 2.23 and or 9.02 , as applicable. Each such prepayment shall be paid to the Revolving Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the relevant Class. 
 
 (iii) The Parent Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (promptly confirmed in writing) of any prepayment under this Section 2.11(a) (A) in the case of a prepayment of a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing, not later than 1 00 p.m. three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of prepayment or (B) in the case of a prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12 00 p.m. (Noon) on the day of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable (except as set forth in the proviso to this sentence) and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion or each relevant Class to be prepaid 
 88 

provided that a notice of prepayment delivered by the Parent Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Parent Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to any Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the relevant Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount at least equal to the amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type and Class as provided in Section 2.02(c) , or such lesser amount that is then outstanding with respect to such Borrowing being repaid. Each prepayment of Term Loans made pursuant to this Section 2.11(a) shall be applied against the remaining scheduled installments of principal due in respect of the Term Loans of such Class (or one or more of such other facility, class or tranche of Term Loans, as determined by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion) in the manner specified by the Parent Borrower or, if not so specified on or prior to the date of such optional prepayment, in direct order of maturity. 
 
 (b) Mandatory Prepayments . 
 
 (i) No later than the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date on which the financial statements with respect to each Fiscal Year of the Parent Borrower are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(b) , commencing with the Fiscal Year ending on or around December 31, 2022, the Parent Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of Subject Loans in accordance with clause (vi) of this Section 2.11(b) below in an aggregate principal amount (the ECF Prepayment Amount equal to (A) the Required Excess Cash Flow Percentage of Excess Cash Flow of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the Calculation Period then ended, minus (B) 15,000,000 minus (C) unless otherwise elected by the Parent Borrower (in which case any such amount shall be deducted from the calculation of Excess Cash Flow instead), the aggregate principal amount optionally or voluntarily Prepaid (to the extent permitted under this Agreement and without duplication of the amount thereof applied to reduce the ECF Prepayment Amount in the prior Fiscal Year) prior to such date of (1) any Initial Term Loans, any other Term Loans, Incremental Equivalent Debt or any Additional Revolving Loans prepaid pursuant to Section 2.11(a) , any ABL Loans and any Permitted Senior Secured Debt, and (2) any Replacement Notes, based upon the actual amount of cash paid in connection with the relevant assignment or purchase, except, in each case, to the extent financed with Long-Term Funded Indebtedness provided that, in each case, with respect to the ABL Facility, any Incremental Revolving Facility and any Replacement Revolving Facility, to the extent accompanied by a permanent reduction in the relevant commitment, minus (D) all Cash payments in respect of capital expenditures as would be reported in the Parent Borrower s consolidated statement of cash flows made during such Calculation Period and, at the option of the Parent Borrower, in the case of any Calculation Period, any Cash payments in respect of any such capital expenditures made prior to the date of the Excess Cash Flow payment in respect of such Calculation Period, except, in each case, to the extent financed with Long-Term Funded Indebtedness, minus (E) Cash payments made during such Calculation Period (or, at the option of the Parent Borrower (in its sole discretion), made after such Calculation Period and prior to the date of the applicable Excess Cash Flow payment) in respect of Permitted Acquisitions and other Investments permitted by Section 6.06 (including Investments in joint ventures, but excluding Investments in (x) Cash and Cash Equivalents and (y) the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries), except, in each case, to the extent financed with Long-Term Funded Indebtedness, minus (F) unless otherwise elected by the Parent Borrower (in which case any such amount shall be deducted from the 
 89 

calculation of Excess Cash Flow instead), Cash payments made during such Calculation Period (or, at the option of the Parent Borrower (in its sole discretion), made after such Calculation Period and prior to the date of the applicable Excess Cash Flow payment) in respect of Restricted Payments made under Sections 6.04(a)(i) , (ii) , (iv) , (v) , (viii)(B) , (xi) , (xiii) and (xv) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, (I) if at the time that any such prepayment would be required, the Parent Borrower (or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower) is also required to Prepay any Indebtedness that is secured on a pari passu basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness (such Indebtedness required to be so Prepaid, Other Applicable Indebtedness with any portion of the ECF Prepayment Amount, then the Parent Borrower may apply such portion of the ECF Prepayment Amount on a pro rata basis (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans and Other Applicable Indebtedness at such time) to the Prepayment of such Other Applicable Indebtedness, and the amount of prepayment of the Term Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.11(b)(i) shall be reduced accordingly provided , that the portion of such ECF Prepayment Amount allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of such ECF Prepayment Amount required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof, and the remaining amount, if any, of such ECF Prepayment Amount shall be allocated to the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof and (II) to the extent the holders of Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such Other Applicable Indebtedness Prepaid, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof (unless such other application is otherwise permitted hereunder). 
 
 (ii) No later than the fifth (5th) Business Day following the receipt of Net Proceeds in respect of any Prepayment Asset Sale or Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds (in each case, excluding Net Proceeds attributable to (x) the Performance Chemicals Sale or (y) ABL Priority Collateral), in each case, in excess of 30,000,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year (in each case, the amount of such excess, the Subject Proceeds provided that, any Prepayment Asset Sale or Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds the Net Proceeds of which are less than 20,000,000 with respect to any single event or transaction (or series of related events or transactions) shall not be subject to this Section 2.11(b)(ii) ), the Parent Borrower shall apply an amount equal to the Asset Sale Prepayment Percentage of such Subject Proceeds to prepay the outstanding principal amount of Subject Loans in accordance with clause (vi) below provided , that if, prior to the date any such prepayment is required to be made, the Parent Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent of its intention to reinvest the Subject Proceeds in assets used or useful in the business (other than Cash or Cash Equivalents) of the Parent Borrower or any of its subsidiaries, then so long as no Event of Default then exists, the Parent Borrower shall not be required to make a mandatory prepayment under this clause (ii) in respect of the Subject Proceeds to the extent (A) the Subject Proceeds are so reinvested within fifteen (15) months following receipt thereof or (B) the Parent Borrower or any of its subsidiaries has committed to so reinvest the Subject Proceeds during such 15-month period and the Subject Proceeds are so reinvested within six (6) months after the expiration of such 15-month period provided , however , that if the Subject Proceeds have not been so reinvested prior to the expiration of the applicable period, the Parent Borrower shall promptly prepay the outstanding principal amount of Subject Loans with the Subject Proceeds not so reinvested as set forth above (without regard to the immediately preceding proviso) provided , further , that (x) if, at the time that any such prepayment would be required hereunder, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted 
 90 

Subsidiaries is required to Prepay (or offer to repay or repurchase) any Other Applicable Indebtedness, then the relevant Person may apply the Subject Proceeds on a pro rata basis to the prepayment of the Subject Loans and to the Prepay of the Other Applicable Indebtedness (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Subject Loans and Other Applicable Indebtedness (or accreted amount if such Other Applicable Indebtedness is issued with original issue discount)) provided , further , that the portion of the Subject Proceeds allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of the Subject Proceeds required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof, and the remaining amount, if any, of the Subject Proceeds shall be allocated to the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof, and (y) to the extent the holders of the Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such Other Applicable Indebtedness Prepaid, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Subject Loans in accordance with the terms hereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Net Proceeds of any Disposition of any ABL Collateral shall not be required to be applied to the prepayment of the Initial Term Loans hereunder. 
 
 (iii) In the event that a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries receives Net Proceeds from the issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness by such Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than with respect to Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 , except to the extent the relevant Indebtedness constitutes (A) Replacement Term Loans, Replacement Revolving Facility or Replacement Notes incurred to refinance all or a portion of any Class or Classes of Term Loans (as determined by such Borrower) in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.02(c) ), or (B) Incremental Loans or Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred to refinance all or a portion of any Class or Classes of Term Loans to the extent required by the terms thereof to prepay or offer to prepay such Term Loans and such Incremental Loans or Incremental Equivalent Debt do not constitute utilization of the Incremental Cap pursuant to Section 2.22 ), such Borrower shall, promptly upon (and in any event not later than the next succeeding Business Day) the receipt of such Net Proceeds by such Borrower or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary, apply an amount equal to 100 of such Net Proceeds to prepay the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Class or Classes of Term Loans in accordance with clause (vi) below. 
 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.11(b) to the contrary, 
 
 (A) the Borrowers shall not be required to prepay any amount that would otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(i) or (ii) above to the extent that the relevant Excess Cash Flow is generated by any Foreign Subsidiary, the relevant Prepayment Asset Sale is consummated by any Foreign Subsidiary, the relevant Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds are received by any Foreign Subsidiary, as the case may be, for so long as the repatriation to the Borrowers of any such amount would be prohibited under any Requirement of Law or conflict with the fiduciary duties of such Foreign Subsidiary s directors, or result in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a material risk of personal or criminal liability for any officer, director, employee, manager, member of management or consultant of such Foreign Subsidiary (it being agreed that, solely during the period within one (1) year following the date such prepayments are required to be made, the Borrowers shall, and shall cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary to, promptly use commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions required by applicable Requirements of Law to permit such repatriation) and if after taking 
 91 

such actions, the affected Subject Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, as the case may be, is permitted under the applicable Requirement of Law and, to the extent applicable, would no longer conflict with the fiduciary duties of such director, or result in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a material risk of personal or criminal liability for the Persons described above within one (1) year following the date such prepayments are required to be made, the relevant Foreign Subsidiary will promptly repatriate the relevant Subject Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, as the case may be, and the repatriated Subject Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, as the case may be, will be promptly (and in any event not later than two (2) Business Days after such repatriation) applied (net of additional Taxes payable or reserved against as a result thereof) to the repayment of the Initial Term Loans and other Term Loans required pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) to the extent required herein (without regard to this clause (iv)(A) or the Parent Borrower or another subsidiary may, at its option, apply to such repayment an equivalent amount with the Foreign Subsidiary not repatriating the actual Subject Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow and 
 
 (B) if the Parent Borrower determines in good faith that the repatriation (or other intercompany distribution) to a Borrower of any amounts required to mandatorily prepay the Initial Term Loans and other Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(i) or (ii) above would result in any Parent Company, Holdings, a Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurring material Tax liabilities (including any material withholding Tax) or material adverse Tax consequences (such amount, a Restricted Amount ), as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower, the amount a Borrower shall be required to mandatorily prepay pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(i) or (ii) above, as applicable, shall be reduced by the Restricted Amount until such time as the Restricted Amount may be repatriated (or otherwise distributed) to a Borrower without the incurrence of such material Tax liability or material adverse Tax consequences (each, as determined in good faith by the Parent Borrower) provided , that to the extent that the repatriation (or other intercompany distribution) of any Subject Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow from the relevant Foreign Subsidiary would no longer have a material Tax liability or material adverse Tax consequences within one (1) year following the date such prepayments are required to be made, an amount equal to the Subject Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, as applicable, not previously applied pursuant to preceding clause (B) , shall be promptly applied to the repayment of the Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b) as otherwise required above (without regard to this clause (iv)(B) 
 
 (v) Each Lender may elect, by notice to the Administrative Agent at or prior to the time and in the manner specified by the Administrative Agent, prior to any prepayment of Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans required to be made by the Borrowers pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) , to decline all (but not a portion) of its Applicable Percentage of such prepayment (such declined amounts, the Declined Proceeds provided that (A) to the extent that any such prepayment is declined, the remaining amount thereof may be retained by the Borrowers and (B) for the avoidance of doubt, no Lender may reject any prepayment made under Section 2.11(b)(iii) above to the extent that such prepayment is made with Indebtedness described in clauses (A) or (B) of Section 2.11(b)(iii) above. If any Lender fails to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent of its election to decline receipt of its Applicable Percentage of any mandatory prepayment within the time frame specified by the Administrative Agent, such failure will be deemed to constitute an acceptance of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the 
 92 

total amount of such mandatory prepayment of Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans. 
 
 (vi) Except as may otherwise be set forth in any amendment to this Agreement in connection with any Additional Term Loan, (A) each prepayment of Initial Term Loans and other Term Loans required pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) shall be applied ratably to each Class of Term Loans (based upon the then outstanding principal amounts of the respective Classes of Term Loans) provided that any prepayment of Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans constituting Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans pursuant to Section 6.01(p) or Replacement Term Loans incurred to refinance Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.02(c) shall be applied solely to each applicable Class of refinanced or replaced Term Loans), (B) with respect to each Class of Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans, all accepted prepayments under Section 2.11(b)(i) , (ii) or (iii) shall be applied against the remaining scheduled installments of principal due in respect of the Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans as directed by the Parent Borrower (or, in the absence of direction from the Parent Borrower, to the remaining scheduled amortization payments in respect of the Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans in direct order of maturity), and (C) each such prepayment shall be paid to the Term Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the applicable Class. The amount of such mandatory prepayments shall be applied on a pro rata basis to the then outstanding Initial Term Loans and other Term Loans being prepaid irrespective of whether such outstanding Loans are ABR Loans or LIBO Rate SOFR Loans provided that the amount thereof shall be applied first to ABR Loans to the full extent thereof before application to the LIBO Rate SOFR Loans in a manner that minimizes the amount of any payments required to be made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.16 . Any prepayment of Initial Term Loans made on or prior to the date that is six (6) months after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(iii) as part of a Repricing Transaction shall be accompanied by the fee set forth in Section 2.12(c) . 
 
 (vii) Reserved . 
 
 (viii) At the time of each prepayment required under Section 2.11(b)(i) , (ii) or (iii) , the Parent Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of the amount of such prepayment. Each such certificate shall specify the Borrowings being prepaid and the principal amount of each Borrowing (or portion thereof) to be prepaid. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest as required by Section 2.13 . All prepayments of Borrowings under this Section 2.11(b) shall be subject to Section 2.16 and, in the case of prepayments under clause (iii) above as part of a Repricing Transaction , shall be subject to Section 2.12(c) , but shall otherwise be without premium or penalty. 
 
 (ix) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, it is intended that the Loans will not be treated as applicable high yield discount obligations AHYDO within the meaning of Section 163(i)(1) of the Code and the provisions contained herein shall be construed so that the Loans are not treated as AHYDO. Accordingly, starting on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the end of each accrual period (as defined in Section 1272(a)(5)) thereafter, the Parent Borrower shall pay such amounts of accrued and unpaid interest or original issue discount (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) on the Loans as necessary to ensure that the Loans are not treated 
 93 

as having significant original issue discount within the meaning of Section 163(i)(1) of the Code. The computations and determinations made by the Parent Borrower under this provision shall be binding upon each Lender. 
 
 Section 2.12. Fees . 
 
 (a) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, the fees in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon by the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing. 
 
 (b) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars and in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Revolving Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances except as otherwise provided in the Engagement Letter or Fee Letters, as applicable. 
 
 (c) In the event that, on or prior to the date that is six (6) months after the Closing Date, a Borrower (x) prepays, repays, refinances, substitutes or replaces any Initial Term Loans in connection with a Repricing Transaction (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any prepayment made pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(iii) that constitutes a Repricing Transaction), or (y) effects any amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent under, this Agreement resulting in a Repricing Transaction (it being understood and agreed for the avoidance of doubt that prepayments as a result of assignments made to Affiliated Lenders pursuant to Section 9.05(g) shall not be subject to this Section 2.11(c) ), such Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each of the applicable Initial Term Lenders, (I) in the case of clause (x) , a premium of 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced and (II) in the case of clause (y) , a fee equal to 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans that are the subject of such Repricing Transaction outstanding immediately prior to such amendment. If, on or prior to the date that is six (6) months after the Closing Date, all or any portion of the Initial Term Loans held by any Term Lender are prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced pursuant to Section 2.19(b)(iv) as a result of, or in connection with, such Term Lender not agreeing or otherwise consenting to any waiver, consent, modification or amendment referred to in clause (y) above (or otherwise in connection with a Repricing Transaction), such prepayment, repayment, refinancing, substitution or replacement will be made at 101 of the principal amount so prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced. All such amounts shall be due and payable on the date of effectiveness of such Repricing Transaction. 
 
 (d) Unless otherwise indicated herein, all computations of fees shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and shall be payable for the actual days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Each determination by the Administrative Agent of a fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 
 Section 2.13. Interest . 
 
 (a) The Term Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 
 (b) The Term Loans comprising each LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 
 (c) Reserved . 
 94 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to Section 2.21 , if any principal of or interest on any Initial Term Loan or Additional Loan or any fee payable by a Borrower hereunder is not, in each case, paid or reimbursed when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, the relevant overdue amount shall bear interest, to the fullest extent permitted by law, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal or interest of any Initial Term Loan or Additional Loan, 2.00 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Initial Term Loan or Additional Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section 2.13 or in the amendment to this Agreement relating thereto or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2.00 plus the rate applicable to Initial Term Loans that are ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section 2.13 provided that no amount shall accrue pursuant to this Section 2.13(d) on any overdue amount or other amount payable to a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. 
 
 (e) Accrued interest on each Initial Term Loan or Additional Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Initial Term Loan, Additional Loan or any other Loan and on the Maturity Date applicable to such Loan or upon the termination of any Additional Commitments and provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section 2.13 shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Initial Term Loan, Additional Loan or any other Loan, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any LIBO Rate SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Initial Term Loan or Additional Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 
 (f) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed for ABR Loans shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate or LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Interest shall accrue on each Loan from, and including, the date on which such Loan is made to, but excluding, the date on which the Loan or such interest is paid provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall bear interest for one (1) day. 
 
 Section 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest Effect of Benchmark Transition Event Replacement Setting . 
 
 (a) If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing 
 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period or 
 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period, as applicable, will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Revolving Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period 
 
 then the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Parent Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or facsimile as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Parent Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving 
 95 

rise to such notice no longer exist, which the Administrative Agent agrees promptly to do, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing shall be ineffective and such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing, as applicable on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, and (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing, as applicable. 
 
 (b) Benchmark Replacement. 
 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event (including any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes included in such amendment) or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable , the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace LIBOR the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-In Election will become effective at 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of LIBOR a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.14 (b)(i) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 
 (c) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. No Hedge Agreement shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for the purposes of this Section 2.14. 
 
 (d) (c) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Parent Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date and Benchmark Transition Start Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement , and iii ii the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Parent Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.14(e) and iv y the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) or the Parent Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.14 (and any relevant defined terms) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection , will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14 . 
 
 (e) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term 
 96 

rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 
 (f) (d) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Parent Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Parent Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Eurodollar SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Parent Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans. During any a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor , the component of ABR based upon LIBOR the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. 
 
 Section 2.15. Increased Costs . 
 
 (a) If any Change in Law 
 
 (i) imposes, modifies or deems applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the LIBO Rate) , or 
 
 (ii) subjects any Lender to any Taxes (other than Indemnified Taxes, Other Taxes and Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto, or 
 
 (iii) imposes on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or LIBO Rate SOFR Loans made by any Lender, 
 
 and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to the relevant Lender of making or maintaining any LIBO Rate SOFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of any LIBO Rate SOFR Loan in an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then, within thirty (30) days after the Parent Borrower s receipt of the certificate contemplated by paragraph (c) of this Section 2.15 , the Parent Borrower will pay to such Lender, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered provided that the Borrowers shall not be liable for such compensation if (x) the relevant Change in Law occurs on a date prior to the date such Lender 
 97 

becomes a party hereto, (y) such Lender invokes Section 2.20 or (z) in the case of requests for reimbursement under clause (iii) of Section 2.15(a) resulting from a market disruption, (A) the relevant circumstances are not generally affecting the banking market or (B) the applicable request has not been made by Lenders constituting Required Lenders. 
 
 (b) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding liquidity or capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (other than due to Taxes) (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then within thirty (30) days of receipt by the Parent Borrower of the certificate contemplated by paragraph (c) of this Section 2.15 the Borrowers will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 
 (c) A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as applicable, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.15 and setting forth in reasonable detail the manner in which such amount or amounts were determined and certifying that such Lender is generally charging such amounts to similarly situated borrowers shall be delivered to the Parent Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.15 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.15 for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Parent Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 
 Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the conversion or prepayment of any principal of any LIBO Rate SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration or otherwise), (b) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any LIBO Rate SOFR Loan on the date or in the amount specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto or (c) the assignment of any LIBO Rate SOFR Loan of any Lender other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Parent Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense incurred by such Lender that is attributable to such event (other than loss of profit). In the case of a LIBO Rate Loan, the loss, cost or expense of any Lender shall be the amount reasonably determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the LIBO Rate that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the applicable currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the Eurodollar market it being understood that such loss, cost or expense shall in any case 
 98 

exclude any interest rate floor and all administrative, processing or similar fees. A certificate of any Lender (i) setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.16, the basis therefor and, in reasonable detail, the manner in which such amount or amounts were determined and (ii) certifying that such Lender is generally charging the relevant amounts to similarly situated borrowers shall be delivered to the Parent Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof. 
 
 Section 2.17. Taxes . 
 
 (a) Any and all payments made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Requirements of Law. If any applicable Requirements of Law require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment, then (i) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax and or Other Tax, the amount payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all required deductions and withholdings have been made (including deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17 ), each Lender or, in the case of any payment made to the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made, (ii) the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, and (iii) such withholding agent shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law. 
 
 (b) In addition, and without duplication of other amounts payable by a Loan Party under this Section 2.17 , the Loan Parties shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, or, at the option of the Administrative Agent, timely reimburse it for the payment of any Other Taxes. 
 
 (c) Each Loan Party shall jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender within thirty (30) days after receipt of the certificate described in the succeeding sentence, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.17 (other than any penalties attributable to the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or such Lender), and, in each case, any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto provided that if such Loan Party reasonably believes that such Taxes were not correctly or legally asserted, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, will use reasonable efforts to cooperate with such Loan Party to obtain a refund of such Taxes (which shall be repaid to such Loan Party in accordance with Section 2.17(h) so long as such efforts would not, in the sole determination of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, result in any additional out-of-pocket costs or expenses not reimbursed by such Loan Party or be otherwise materially disadvantageous to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable. In connection with any request for reimbursement under this Section 2.17(c) , the relevant Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall deliver a certificate to the Parent Borrower setting forth, in reasonable detail, the basis and calculation of the amount of the relevant payment or liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.17(c) , the Loan Parties shall not be required to indemnify the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to this Section 2.17 for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, to the extent the Administrative Agent or such Lender fails to notify the Parent Borrower of such possible indemnification claim within one hundred eighty (180) days after the event provided further that, if the event is a Change in Law that is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 99 

(d) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within thirty (30) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment under any Loan Document that is attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that no Loan Party has already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.05(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (d) . 
 
 (e) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (f) Status of Lenders . 
 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of any withholding Tax with respect to any payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation as the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law or reasonably requested by the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in paragraphs (f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) of this Section) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Parent Borrower and to any successor Administrative Agent any documentation provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.17(f). 
 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 
 
 (A) each Lender that is not a Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter 
 100 

upon the reasonable request of the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 
 (B) each Foreign Lender, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, shall deliver to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 
 (1) in the case of any Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the U.S. is a party, two (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to such tax treaty 
 
 (2) two (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 
 (3) in the case of any Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of a Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or 
 
 (4) to the extent any Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, two (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-2 or Exhibit J-3 , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if such Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-4 on behalf of each such partner 
 
 (C) each Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two (2) executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law to permit the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 
 (D) if a payment made to any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply 
 101 

with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation as is prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA, or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification, provide such successor form, or promptly notify the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.17(f) , no Lender shall be required to provide any documentation that such Lender is not legally eligible to deliver. 
 
 (g) On or prior to the date on which the Administrative Agent becomes the Administrative Agent under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Parent Borrower or if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete), the Administrative Agent will deliver to the Parent Borrower either (i) an executed copy of IRS Form W-9, or (ii) (x) with respect to any amounts received on its own account, an executed copy of an applicable IRS Form W-8, and (y) with respect to any amounts received for or on account of any Lender, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY certifying on Part I, Part II and Part VI thereof that it is a U.S. branch that has agreed to be treated as a U.S. person for U.S. federal tax purposes with respect to payments received by it from the Borrowers in its capacity as Administrative Agent, as applicable. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Parent Borrower at any time it determines that it is no longer in a position to provide the certification described in the prior sentence. 
 
 (h) If the Administrative Agent or any Lender determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Loan Party or with respect to which such Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17 , it shall pay over such refund to such Loan Party (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Loan Party under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such Lender (including any Taxes imposed with respect to such refund), and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund) provided that such Loan Party, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Loan Party plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h) , in no event shall the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to a Loan Party pursuant to this paragraph (h) to the extent that the payment thereof would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the position that the Administrative Agent or such Lender would have been in if 
 102 

the Tax subject to indemnification had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This Section 2.17 shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes which it deems confidential) to the relevant Loan Party or any other Person. 
 
 (i) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 
 (j) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 2.17 , the term Requirements of Law includes FATCA. 
 
 Section 2.18. Payments Generally Allocation of Proceeds Sharing of Payments . 
 
 (a) Unless otherwise specified, the Borrowers shall make each payment required to be made by them hereunder (whether of principal, interest or fees or of amounts payable under Section 2.15 , 2.16 , or 2.17 , or otherwise) prior to the time expressed hereunder or under such Loan Document (or, if no time is expressly required, by 2 00 p.m.) on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off (except as otherwise provided in Section 2.17 or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. If any payment to be made by any Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent to the applicable account designated to the Parent Borrower by the Administrative Agent, except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. Each Lender agrees that in computing such Lender s portion of any Borrowing to be made hereunder, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, round such Lender s percentage of such Borrowing to the next higher or lower whole dollar amount. All payments (including any principal, accrued interest, fees or other obligations otherwise accruing or becoming due) hereunder shall be made in Dollars. Any payment required to be made by the Administrative Agent hereunder shall be deemed to have been made by the time required if the Administrative Agent shall, at or before such time, have taken the necessary steps to make such payment in accordance with the regulations or operating procedures of the clearing or settlement system used by the Administrative Agent to make such payment. 
 
 (b) Subject in all respects to the provisions of the ABL Intercreditor Agreement (and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent at any time when an Event of Default exists and all or any portion of the Loans have been accelerated hereunder pursuant to Section 7.01 or otherwise received in connection with any foreclosure on or other exercise of remedies with respect to the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents shall, upon election by the Administrative Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders, be applied first , to the payment of all costs and expenses then due incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with any collection, sale or realization on Collateral or otherwise in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the Secured Obligations, including all court costs and the fees and expenses of agents and legal counsel, the repayment of all advances made by the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document on behalf of any Loan Party and any other costs or expenses incurred in connection with 
 103 

the exercise of any right or remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document, second , on a pro rata basis, to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due to the Administrative Agent (other than those covered in clause first above) from the Borrowers constituting Secured Obligations, third , on a pro rata basis in accordance with the amounts of the Secured Obligations (other than any Secured Obligations incurred after the date hereof that are either junior in right of payment or are secured by a Lien that is junior to the Liens securing the First Priority Secured Obligations) (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has yet been made) owed to the Secured Parties on the date of any such distribution, to the payment in full of such Secured Obligations, fourth , on a pro rata basis in accordance with the amounts of all other Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has yet been made) owed to the applicable Secured Parties on the date of any such distribution, to the payment in full of such Secured Obligations and fifth , to, or at the direction of, the Parent Borrower or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. 
 
 (c) If any Lender obtains payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off or otherwise) in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans of any Class resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans of such Class and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender with Loans of such Class, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for Cash at face value) participations in the Loans of such Class at such time outstanding to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders of such Class ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans of such Class provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrowers pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by any Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any permitted assignee or participant, including any payment made or deemed made in connection with Sections 2.22 , 2.23 and 9.02(c) . If any Lender obtains payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through exercise of any right of set-off or otherwise) in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans of any Class that is junior in right of payment to any other Class of Loans that has not been repaid in full, such Lender shall promptly remit such payment to the Administrative Agent for application is accordance with clause (b) . Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against a Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.18(c) and will, in each case, notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.18(c) shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. 
 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from the Parent Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender hereunder that the Borrowers will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrowers have made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the applicable Lender the amount due. In such event, if the Borrowers have not in fact made such payment, then each Lender severally agrees to 
 104 

repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate (or, with respect to any amount denominated in Euros, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in Euros, on an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by the Administrative Agent in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency) and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 
 (e) If any Lender fails to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.07(b) or Section 2.18(d) , then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 
 
 Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . 
 
 (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 or such Lender determines it can no longer make or maintain LIBO Rate SOFR Loans pursuant to Section 2.20 , or any Loan Party is required to pay any Indemnified Tax, Other Tax or additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder, or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17 , as applicable, in the future or mitigate the impact of Section 2.20 , as the case may be, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed out-of-pocket cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in any material respect. The Borrowers hereby agree to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 
 (b) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 or such Lender determines it can no longer make or maintain LIBO Rate SOFR Loans pursuant to Section 2.20 , (ii) a Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Tax, Other Tax or additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 , (iii) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or (iv) in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby (or any other Class or group of Lenders other than the Required Lenders) with respect to which Required Lender consent (or the consent of Lenders holding loans or commitments of such Class or lesser group representing more than 50 of the sum of the total loans and unused commitments of such Class or lesser group at such time) has been obtained, as applicable, any Lender is a non-consenting Lender (each such Lender described in this clause (iv) , a Non-Consenting Lender ), then such Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, (x) terminate the applicable Commitments and or Additional Commitments of such Lender, and repay (or cause to be repaid) all Obligations of such Borrower owing to such Lender relating to the applicable Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date in an amount necessary to eliminate such excess or (y) replace such Lender by requiring such Lender to assign and delegate (and such Lender shall be obligated to assign and delegate), without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.05 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if any Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (A) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of 
 105 

its Loans, in each case of such Class of Loans, Commitments and or Additional Commitments, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it under any Loan Document with respect to such Class of Loans, Commitments and or Additional Commitments, (B) in the case of any assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments and (C) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law. No Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) shall be required to make any such assignment and delegation, and the Borrowers may not repay the Obligations of such Lender or terminate its Commitments or Additional Commitments, if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each Lender agrees that if it is replaced pursuant to this Section 2.19 , it shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption to evidence such sale and purchase and shall deliver to the Administrative Agent any Promissory Note (if the assigning Lender s Loans are evidenced by one or more Promissory Notes) subject to such Assignment and Assumption provided that the failure of any Lender replaced pursuant to this Section 2.19 to execute an Assignment and Assumption or deliver any such Promissory Note shall not render such sale and purchase (and the corresponding assignment) invalid), such assignment shall be recorded in the Register, any such Promissory Note shall be deemed cancelled. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent (such appointment being coupled with an interest) as such Lender s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Lender and in the name of such Lender, from time to time in the Administrative Agent s discretion, with prior written notice to such Lender, to take any action and to execute any such Assignment and Assumption or other instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this clause (b) . To the extent that any Lender is replaced pursuant to Section 2.19(b)(iv) in connection with a Repricing Transaction requiring payment of a fee pursuant to Section 2.12(c) , the Borrowers shall pay to each Lender being replaced as a result of such Repricing Transaction the fee set forth in Section 2.12(c) . 
 
 Section 2.20. Illegality . If any Lender reasonably determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted after the Closing Date that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Published LIBO Rate, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Published LIBO Rate, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of Dollars in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Parent Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue LIBO Rate SOFR Loans in Dollars, Euros, or to convert ABR Loans to LIBO Rate SOFR Loans shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Published LIBO Rate component clause (b) of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender, shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Published LIBO Rate component clause (b) of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist (which notice such Lender agrees to give promptly). Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrowers shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), (1) if applicable and such Loans are denominated in Dollars, prepay or convert all of such Lender s LIBO Rate SOFR Loans to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Published LIBO Rate component clause (b) of the Alternate Base Rate) or (2) if applicable and such Loans are denominated in Euros, convert such Loans to Loans bearing interest at an alternative rate mutually 
 106 

acceptable to the Parent Borrower and such Lender, in each case, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such LIBO Rate SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such LIBO Rate SOFR Loans (in which case the Borrowers shall not be required to make payments pursuant to Section 2.16 in connection with such payment) and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Published LIBO Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Alternate Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Published LIBO Rate component clause (b) thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Published LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR . Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. Each Lender agrees to designate a different lending office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the determination of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. 
 
 Section 2.21. Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 
 (a) The Commitments of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether all Lenders, each affected Lender, the Required Lenders or such other number of Lenders as may be required hereby or under any other Loan Document have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any waiver, amendment or modification pursuant to Section 9.02 provided that any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender which affects such Defaulting Lender disproportionately and adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 
 (b) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of any Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 2.11 , Section 2.15 , Section 2.16 , Section 2.17 , Section 2.18 , Article VII , Section 9.05 or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.09 ), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent and, where relevant, the Parent Borrower, as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists as the Parent Borrower may request, to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement third , as the Administrative Agent or the Parent Borrower may elect, to be held in a deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of such Defaulting Lender to fund Loans that such Defaulting Lender has committed to fund (if any) under this Agreement fourth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the non-Defaulting Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any non-Defaulting Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement fifth , to the payment of any amounts owing to a Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by such Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and sixth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to any Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by any Defaulting Lender or to post Cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.21(b) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 
 107 

Section 2.22. Incremental Credit Extensions . 
 
 (a) The Borrowers may, at any time, on one or more occasions deliver a written request to the Administrative Agent (whereupon the Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver a copy of such request to each of the Lenders) to (i) add one or more new Classes of Term Facilities (including on a delayed draw basis) and or increase the principal amount of the Term Loans under any Term Facility by requesting new term loan commitments to be added to such Term Loans (any such new Class or increase, an Incremental Term Facility and any loans made pursuant to an Incremental Term Facility, Incremental Term Loans and or (ii) add one or more new Classes of incremental revolving cash-flow facilities and or increase the aggregate amount of Commitments of any existing Class of Incremental Revolving Commitments (any such new Class or increase, an Incremental Revolving Facility and, together with any Incremental Term Facility, Incremental Facilities and the loans thereunder, Incremental Revolving Loans and, together with any Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Incremental Cap provided that 
 
 (i) no Incremental Commitment may be less than 5,000,000 (or the U.S. Dollar equivalent thereof) and shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars or, if acceptable to the Lenders providing such Incremental Facility and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in Euros or any other currency 
 
 (ii) except as separately agreed from time to time between the Parent Borrower and any Lender, no Lender shall be obligated to provide any Incremental Commitment, and the determination to provide such commitments shall be within the sole and absolute discretion of such Lender 
 (iii) no Incremental Facility or Incremental Loan (or the creation, provision or implementation thereof) shall require the approval of any existing Lender (other than in its capacity, if any, as a Lender providing all or part of any Incremental Commitment or Incremental Loan), the Administrative Agent (unless its rights and interests are adversely affected in any material respect) or any other agent or arranger 
 
 (iv) an Incremental Revolving Facility may have the benefit of a financial maintenance covenant (which shall not be for the benefit of any Term Facility under this Agreement) 
 
 (v) the interest rate and any fees applicable to any Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans will be determined by the Parent Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans provided , that, solely with respect to any Dollar-denominated syndicated Incremental Term Facility or Incremental Term Loans incurred on or prior to the date that is twelve (12) months after the Closing Date that are pari passu with the Initial Term Loans in right of payment and with respect to security, the All-In Yield will not be more than 0.75 higher than the corresponding All-In Yield applicable to the Initial Term Loans unless the All-In Yield with respect to the Initial Term Loans is adjusted to be equal to the All-In Yield with respect to the relevant Incremental Term Facility or Incremental Term Loans minus 0.75 provided , that this clause (v) shall not apply to any Incremental Term Facility or Incremental Term Loans that (1) mature at least twelve (12) months after the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, (2) are incurred in reliance on clauses (a) or (b) of the definition of Incremental Cap, (3) are being utilized to finance Permitted Acquisitions and similar Investments and related transactions (including refinancing of existing Indebtedness), or (4) are in an aggregate outstanding principal amount, together with all other Incremental Facilities incurred in reliance on clause (c) of the definition of Incremental Cap then outstanding (whether incurred before or after the 
 108 

Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date), equal to or less than (I) at all times prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, the greater of 338,000,000 and an amount equal to 100 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (II) on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, the greater of 205,000,000 and an amount equal to 100 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (it being understood that the Parent Borrower shall select whether this clause (4) shall apply to any Incremental Term Facility or Incremental Term Loans in its sole discretion) 
 
 (vi) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the final maturity date with respect to any Incremental Term Loans shall be no earlier than the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date at the time of the incurrence thereof 
 
 (vii) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Incremental Term Facility shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then-existing Class of Term Loans (without giving effect to any prepayments thereof) except as may be required to achieve fungibility with any existing Term Facility to the extent intended to be fungible 
 
 (viii) subject to clauses (vi) and (vii) above, any Incremental Term Facility may otherwise have an amortization schedule as determined by the Parent Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Term Facility provided, that if such Incremental Term Loans are to be fungible with the Initial Term Loans, notwithstanding any other conditions specified in this Section 2.22(a) , the amortization schedule for such fungible Incremental Term Facility may provide for amortization in such other percentage(s) to be agreed by the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent to ensure that such fungible Incremental Term Loans will be fungible with the Initial Term Loans 
 
 (ix) (A) any Incremental Term Facility may rank pari passu with or junior to any then-existing Class of Term Loans in right of payment and may be secured by the Collateral pari passu with or junior to any then-existing Class of Term Loans with respect to the Collateral or be unsecured (and to the extent the relevant Incremental Facility is intended to rank pari passu with or junior to the Term Loans in right of security with respect to the Collateral, shall be subject to the Intercreditor Agreement (and or any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), it being understood that any terms of subordination in right of payment of any Incremental Facility to any Indebtedness may be determined solely by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion) and (B) no Incremental Facility may be (x) guaranteed by any Person which is not a Loan Party or (y) secured by any assets other than the Collateral 
 
 (x) (A) any prepayment (other than any scheduled amortization payment) of Incremental Term Loans that are pari passu with any then-existing Term Loans in right of payment and security (1) shall with respect to mandatory prepayments, be made on a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis except as otherwise provided in this Agreement) with such existing Term Loans as elected by the Parent Borrower and (2) may, with respect to voluntary prepayments, share on a pro rata basis, greater than pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis with the Initial Term Loans, as determined by the Parent Borrower, and (B) any Incremental Term Loans that are subordinated to any then-existing Term Loans in right of payment or security shall not receive any mandatory prepayments other than Declined Proceeds prior to the repayment in full of the existing Term Loans (and all other then-existing Loans that are 
 109 

First Priority Secured Obligations requiring ratable prepayment), except, in each case that the Parent Borrower and the lenders providing the relevant Incremental Term Loans shall be permitted, in their sole discretion, to elect to prepay or receive, as applicable, any prepayments on a less than pro rata basis (but not on a greater than pro rata basis) 
 
 (xi) except as otherwise agreed by the Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Facility in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, no Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to such Incremental Facility 
 
 (xii) except as otherwise required or permitted in this Section 2.22 , all other terms of any Incremental Term Facility, if not substantially consistent with the terms of the Initial Term Loans, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent provided, that the following will be deemed to be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (w) terms which are not substantially consistent with the terms of the Initial Term Loans and are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Term Loan Maturity Date, (x) terms contained in any Incremental Term Facility that are, taken as a whole, more favorable to the Borrowers than those contained in the then-existing Loan Documents, (y) terms contained in any Incremental Term Facility that are, taken as a whole, more favorable to the lenders of such Incremental Term Facility than those contained in the then-existing Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Lenders under the Term Facility, and (z) terms contained in any Incremental Term Facility that reflect then current market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at the time of incurrence or issuance (as determined by the Parent Borrower in good faith) 
 
 (xiii) the proceeds of any Incremental Facility may be used for working capital, general corporate purposes and any transaction or other purpose not prohibited by this Agreement 
 
 (xiv) on the date of the making of any Incremental Term Loans that will be added to any existing Class of Term Loans, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Sections 2.08 or 2.13 , such Incremental Term Loans shall be added to (and constitute a part of) each borrowing of outstanding Term Loans of such Class, as applicable, of the same type with the same Interest Period of the respective Class on a pro rata basis (based on the relative sizes of the various outstanding Borrowings), so that each Term Lender providing such Incremental Term Loans will participate proportionately in each then outstanding borrowing of the applicable Term Loans of the same type with the same Interest Period of the respective Class 
 
 (xv) at no time shall there be more than three separate Maturity Dates in effect with respect to Incremental Revolving Facilities and any other Additional Revolving Facilities at any time 
 
 (xvi) Incremental Facilities shall be permitted regardless of the amount available under the Incremental Cap and shall not constitute a utilization of any component of the Incremental Cap if any such Incremental Facility effectively extends the maturity of or is incurred to effect the repricing of or otherwise replaces any loans or commitments under any Specified Debt (including as may have been terminated under Section 2.19 ), in each case, without increasing the principal amount thereof except with respect to any related premium, penalties, fees and expenses provided , the amount of any Specified Debt so extended or replaced shall not increase the Incremental Cap and 
 
 110 

(xvii) the Parent Borrower may select, in its sole discretion, that any Incremental Facility be issued, incurred and or established under one or more of any available components (or subcomponents) of the Incremental Cap (as provided in Section 1.10 and if no selection shall have been made, such Incremental Facility shall be deemed to have been incurred in reliance on first , clause (c) of the definition of Incremental Cap up to the maximum amount permitted thereunder, second , to the extent applicable, clause (b) of the definition of Incremental Cap , and thereafter, to the Fixed Incremental Amount. 
 
 (b) Incremental Commitments may be provided by any existing Lender, or by any other lender (other than any Disqualified Institution) who would be permitted to become a Lender (including any required consents) under Section 9.05 (any such other lender being called an Additional Lender provided that in the case of any Incremental Revolving Facility, the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower shall have consented (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to the relevant Additional Lender s provision of Incremental Commitments provided , further , that any Additional Lender that is an Affiliated Lender shall be subject to the provisions of Section 9.05(h) , mutatis mutandis , to the same extent as if Incremental Commitments and related Obligations had been obtained by such Lender by way of assignment. 
 
 (c) Each Lender or Additional Lender providing a portion of any Incremental Commitment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower all such documentation (including an amendment to this Agreement or any other Loan Document) as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to evidence and effectuate such Incremental Commitment. On the effective date of such Incremental Commitment, each Additional Lender shall become a Lender for all purposes in connection with this Agreement. 
 
 (d) As a condition precedent to the effectiveness of any Incremental Facility or the making of any Incremental Loans, (i) upon its reasonable request, the Administrative Agent shall have received customary written opinions of counsel, as well as such reaffirmation agreements, supplements and or amendments as it shall reasonably require, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received, from each Additional Lender, an administrative questionnaire, in the form provided to such Additional Lender by the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Questionnaire and such other documents as it shall reasonably and customarily require from such Additional Lender, (iii) the Lenders shall have received all fees required to be paid in respect of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans and (iv) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the relevant Borrower signed by a Responsible Officer thereof 
 
 (A) certifying and attaching a copy of the resolutions adopted by the governing body of the relevant Borrower approving or consenting to such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans, and 
 
 (B) to the extent applicable, certifying that the condition set forth in clause (a)(x) above has been satisfied. 
 
 (e) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary in order to establish any Incremental Loans or Incremental Facilities pursuant to this Section 2.22 and authorize the Administrative Agent and each Borrower to enter into such amendments (and, in the case of any Incremental Revolving Facility, such amendments to implement and provide for revolving credit facilities under this Agreement, including incorporating customary terms, conditions and requirements for revolving credit facilities (including letter of credit and swingline loan mechanics) reasonably satisfactory to 
 111 

the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower (including amendments and restatements)) as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the relevant Borrower in connection with the establishment of such Incremental Loans or Incremental Facilities, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.22 , and may extend or apply any provisions applicable to such Incremental Loans or Incremental Facilities to any then-existing Credit Facility in the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment to the extent the relevant borrower and the Administrative Agent reasonably determine such provisions are beneficial on the whole to the Lenders under such existing Credit Facility. 
 
 (f) To the extent the provisions of clause (a)(xiii) above require that Term Lenders making new Incremental Term Loans add such Incremental Term Loans to the then outstanding borrowings of LIBO Rate SOFR Loans of the respective Class of Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans, as applicable, it is acknowledged that the effect thereof may result in such new Incremental Term Loans having short Interest Periods (i.e., an Interest Period that began during an Interest Period then applicable to outstanding LIBO Rate SOFR Loans of the respective Class and which will end on the last day of such Interest Period). 
 
 (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.22 or in any other provision of any Loan Document, if the proceeds of any Incremental Facility are intended to be applied to finance an acquisition or similar Investment and the Lenders or Additional Lenders providing such Incremental Facility so agree, the availability thereof shall be subject to customary SunGard or certain funds conditionality. 
 
 (h) This Section 2.22 shall supersede any provision in Section 2.18 or 9.02 to the contrary and shall, to extent applicable, be subject in all respects to Section 1.10 . 
 
 Section 2.23. Extensions of Loans and Additional Revolving Commitments . 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer made from time to time by the Parent Borrower to all Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of any Class or Classes (as determined by the Parent Borrower), in each case on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the respective Loans or Commitments with respect to each such Class) and on the same terms to each such Lender, the Borrowers are hereby permitted from time to time to consummate transactions with any individual Lender who accepts the terms contained in any such Extension Offer to extend the Maturity Date of such Lender s Loans and or commitments and otherwise modify the terms of such Loans and or commitments pursuant to the terms of the relevant Extension Offer (including by increasing the interest rate or fees payable in respect of such Loans and or commitments (and related outstandings) and or modifying the amortization schedule in respect of such Loans) (each, an Extension any Extended Term Loans shall constitute a separate Class of Term Loans from the Class of Term Loans from which they were converted and any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall constitute a separate Class of Revolving Credit Commitments from the Class of Revolving Credit Commitments from which they were converted), so long as the following terms are satisfied 
 
 (i) no Default under Sections 7.01(a) , (f) or (g) or Event of Default shall exist at the time the notice in respect of an Extension Offer is delivered to the applicable Lenders, and no Default under Sections 7.01(a) , (f) or (g) or Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to the effectiveness of any Extension 
 
 112 

(ii) except as to (x) interest rates, fees and final maturity (which shall, subject to clause (iv) below, be determined by the Parent Borrower and any Lender who agrees to an Extension and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and (y) any covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Revolving Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of such Extension), the commitment of any Revolving Lender that agrees to an Extension (an Extended Revolving Credit Commitment and the related Credit Facility, an Extended Revolving Facility and the Loans thereunder, Extended Revolving Loans ), and the related outstandings, shall be a revolving commitment (or related outstandings, as the case may be) with the same terms (or terms not less favorable to existing Revolving Lenders) as the original revolving commitments (and related outstandings) provided hereunder provided that (x) to the extent any non-extended portion of any Additional Revolving Facility then exists, (1) the borrowing and repayment (except for (A) payments of interest and fees at different rates on such revolving facilities (and related outstandings), (B) repayments required upon the Maturity Date of such revolving facilities and (C) repayments made in connection with any permanent repayment and termination of commitments (subject to clause (3) below)) of Extended Revolving Loans after the effective date of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with such portion of such relevant Additional Revolving Facility, (2) all swingline loans and letters of credit made or issued, as applicable, under any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Revolving Lenders and (3) the permanent repayment of Loans with respect to, and termination of commitments under, any such Extended Revolving Credit Commitment after the effective date of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with such portion of any Additional Revolving Facility, except that the Borrowers shall be permitted to permanently repay and terminate commitments of any such revolving facility on a greater than pro rata basis as compared with any other revolving facility with a later Maturity Date than such revolving facility and (y) at no time shall there be more than three (3) separate Classes of revolving commitments hereunder (including Incremental Revolving Commitments, Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and Replacement Revolving Facilities) 
 
 (iii) except as to (x) interest rates, fees, amortization, final maturity date, premiums, required prepayment dates and participation in prepayments (which shall, subject to immediately succeeding clauses (iv)(x) , (v) and (vi) , be determined by the Parent Borrower and any Lender who agrees to an Extension and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and (y) any covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of such Extension), the Term Loans of any Lender extended pursuant to any Extension (any such extended Term Loans, the Extended Term Loans , and the related Credit Facility, an Extended Term Facility shall have the same terms as the Class of Term Loans subject to the relevant Extension Offer provided , however , that with respect to representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default that are applicable to any such Class of Extended Term Loans, such provisions may be more favorable to the lenders of the applicable Class of Extended Term Loans than those originally applicable to the Class of Term Loans subject to the relevant Extension Offer, so long as (and only so long as) such provisions also expressly apply to (and for the benefit of) the Class of Term Loans subject to the relevant Extension Offer and each other Class of Term Loans hereunder 
 
 (iv) (x) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the final maturity date of any Extended Term Loans shall be no earlier than 
 113 

the then applicable Latest Term Loan Maturity Date at the time of extension and (y) no Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Loans shall have a final maturity date earlier than (or require commitment reductions prior to) the then applicable Latest Revolving Loan Maturity Date 
 
 (v) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Extended Term Loans shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term Loans or any other Extended Term Loans extended thereby 
 
 (vi) any Extended Term Loans may participate, with respect to mandatory prepayments or repayments (but, for purposes of clarity, not scheduled amortization payments) on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis) and with respect to voluntary prepayments or repayments on a pro rata basis, a less than pro rata basis or a greater than a pro rata basis in respect of the Initial Term Loans (and any Additional Term Loans then subject to ratable repayment requirements), in each case as specified in the respective Extension Offer 
 
 (vii) if the aggregate principal amount of Loans or commitments, as the case may be, in respect of which Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer exceeds the maximum aggregate principal amount of Loans or commitments, as the case may be, offered to be extended by a Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Loans or commitments, as the case may be, of such Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer 
 
 (viii) each Extension shall be in a minimum amount of 5,000,000 
 
 (ix) any applicable Minimum Extension Condition shall be satisfied or waived by the Parent Borrower 
 
 (x) all documentation in respect of such Extension shall be consistent with the foregoing and 
 
 (xi) no Extension of any Additional Revolving Facility shall be effective as to the obligations of any swingline lender to make any swingline loans or any letter of credit issuer with respect to letters of credit without the consent of such swingline lender or such letter of credit issuer (such consents not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 
 (b) With respect to any Extension consummated pursuant to this Section 2.23 , (i) no such Extension shall constitute a voluntary or mandatory prepayment for purposes of Section 2.11 , (ii) the scheduled amortization payments (in so far as such schedule affects payments due to Lenders participating in the relevant Class) set forth in Section 2.10 shall be adjusted to give effect to such Extension of the relevant Class and (iii) except as set forth in clause (a)(viii) above, no Extension Offer is required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum increment provided that the Parent Borrower may, at its election, specify as a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition to consummating such Extension that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Extension Offer in the Parent Borrower s sole discretion and which may be waived by the Parent Borrower) of Loans or commitments (as applicable) of any or all applicable Classes be tendered. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the transactions 
 114 

contemplated by this Section 2.23 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Class of Extended Term Loans and or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments on such terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision of this Agreement (including Section 2.10 , 2.11 or 2.18 or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any Extension or any other transaction contemplated by this Section 2.23 . 
 
 (c) No consent of any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be required to effectuate any Extension, other than (A) the consent of each Lender agreeing to such Extension with respect to one or more of its Loans and or commitments under any Class (or a portion thereof), and (B) with respect to any Extension of any Additional Revolving Facility, the consent of each applicable letter of credit issuer to the extent the commitment to provide letters of credit is to be extended. All Extended Term Loans and Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and all obligations in respect thereof shall constitute Secured Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are secured by the Collateral and guaranteed on a pari passu basis with all other applicable Secured Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Parent Borrower as may be necessary in order to establish new Classes or sub-Classes in respect of Loans or commitments so extended and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new Classes or sub-Classes, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.23 . 
 
 (d) In connection with any Extension, the Parent Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least ten (10) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures (including regarding timing, rounding and other adjustments and to ensure reasonable administrative management of the credit facilities hereunder after such Extension), if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.23 . 
 
 Section 2.24. Borrower Representative Joint and Several Obligations of the Borrowers . 
 
 (a) Each Borrower hereby designates and appoints the Parent Borrower as its agent, attorney in fact and legal representative on its behalf for all purposes, including issuing Borrowing Requests delivering Compliance Certificates giving instructions with respect to the disbursement of the proceeds of the Loans paying, prepaying and reducing loans, commitments or any other amounts owing under the Loan Documents selecting interest rate options giving, receiving, accepting and rejecting all other notices, consents or other communications hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents and taking all other actions (including in respect of compliance with covenants) on behalf of any Borrower or the Borrowers under the Loan Documents. The Parent Borrower hereby accepts such appointment. The Administrative Agent and each Lender may regard any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document from the Parent Borrower on behalf of one or more Borrowers as a notice or communication from such Borrowers. Each warranty, covenant, agreement and undertaking made on behalf of a Borrower by the Parent Borrower shall be deemed for all purposes to have been made by such Borrower and shall be binding upon and enforceable against such Borrower to the same extent as if the same had been made directly by such Borrower. Any action, notice, delivery, receipt, acceptance, approval, rejection or any other undertaking under any of the Loan Documents to be made by the Parent Borrower in respect of the Obligations of any Borrower shall be deemed, where applicable, to be made in the Parent Borrower s capacity as representative and agent on behalf of the applicable Borrower or 
 115 

Borrowers, and any such action, notice, delivery, receipt, acceptance, approval, rejection or other undertaking shall be deemed for all purposes to have been made by such Borrower and shall be binding upon and enforceable against such Borrower to the same extent as if the same had been made directly by such Borrower. 
 
 (b) The Borrowers shall have joint and several liability in respect of all Obligations hereunder and under any other Loan Document to which any Borrower is a party, without regard to any defense (other than the defense that payment in full has been made), setoff or counterclaim which may at any time be available to or be asserted by any other Loan Party against the Lenders, or by any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of Holdings and the Borrowers) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Borrowers liability hereunder, in bankruptcy or in any other instance, and the Obligations of the Borrowers hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Lenders or any other Person at any time of any right or remedy against the Borrowers or against any other Person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Obligations or against any Collateral or Guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. The Borrowers hereby acknowledge that this Agreement is the independent and several obligation of each Borrower (regardless of which Borrower shall have delivered a Borrowing Request) and may be enforced against each Borrower separately, whether or not enforcement of any right or remedy hereunder has been sought against any other Borrower. Each Borrower hereby expressly waives, with respect to any of the Term Loans made to any other Borrower hereunder and any of the amounts owing hereunder by such other Loan Parties in respect of such Term Loans, diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against such other Loan Parties under this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of such amounts owing hereunder, and makes each of the other waivers and agreements of the Guarantors set forth in Sections 2.03, 2.04 and 2.05 of the Loan Guaranty. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 Each of (i) in the case of Holdings, solely with respect to Sections 3.01 , 3.02 , 3.03 , 3.07 , 3.08 , 3.09 , 3.13 , 3.14 , 3.16 and 3.17 , and (ii) the Borrowers hereby represent and warrant to the Lenders that 
 
 Section 3.01. Organization Powers . Each of the Loan Parties and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a) is (i) duly organized and validly existing and (ii) in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (b) has all requisite organizational power and authority to own its property and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted and (c) is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) in, every jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or conduct of its business requires such qualification except, in each case referred to in this Section 3.01 (other than clause (a)(i) with respect to the Borrowers and clause (b) with respect to the Loan Parties) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.02. Authorization Enforceability . The execution, delivery and performance of each of the Loan Documents are within each applicable Loan Party s corporate or other organizational power and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action of such Loan Party. Each Loan Document to which any Loan Party is a party 
 116 

has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the Legal Reservations. 
 
 Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts . The execution and delivery of the Loan Documents by each Loan Party party thereto and the performance by such Loan Party thereof (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) in connection with the Perfection Requirements and (iii) such consents, approvals, registrations, filings, or other actions the failure to obtain or make which would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate any (i) of such Loan Party s Organizational Documents or (ii) Requirements of Law applicable to such Loan Party which violation, in the case of this clause (b)(ii) , would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) will not violate or result in a default under (i) the ABL Credit Agreement, (ii) the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes or (iii) any other material Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party which violation, in the case of this clause (c) , would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Effect . 
 
 (a) The financial statements most recently provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable, present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrowers on a consolidated basis as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, (x) except as otherwise expressly noted therein, (y) subject, in the case of financial statements provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a) , to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments and (z) except as may be necessary to reflect any differing entities and organizational structure prior to giving effect to the Transactions. 
 
 (b) Since the Closing Date, there have been no events, developments or circumstances that have had, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.05. Properties . 
 
 (a) As of the Closing Date, Schedule 3.05 sets forth the address of each Real Estate Asset (or each set of such assets that collectively comprise one operating property) that is owned in fee simple by any Loan Party. 
 
 (b) The Parent Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries have good and valid fee simple title to or rights to purchase, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all of their respective Real Estate Assets and have good title to their personal property and assets, in each case, except (i) for defects in title that do not materially interfere with their ability to conduct their business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties and assets for their intended purposes or (ii) where the failure to have such title would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All such properties and assets are free and clear of Liens, other than Permitted Liens. 
 
 (c) Each Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries own or otherwise have a license or right to use all rights in Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and other rights in works of authorship (including all copyrights embodied in software) and all other intellectual property rights IP Rights used to conduct the businesses of such Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as presently conducted without, to the knowledge of the relevant Borrower, any infringement, dilution, or misappropriation or other violation of the IP Rights of third parties, except to the extent such 
 117 

failure to own or license or have rights to use would not, or where such infringement, misappropriation or violation would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters . 
 
 (a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, threatened in writing against or affecting the Loan Parties or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (b) Except for any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) no Loan Party nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is subject to or has received notice of any Environmental Claim or any Environmental Liability, and (ii) no Loan Party nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law. 
 
 (c) Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has treated, stored, transported or Released any Hazardous Materials on, at or from any currently or formerly operated real estate or facility and no Hazardous Materials are otherwise present at any currently owned or operated real estate or facility, in either case, in a manner that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws . Each of Holdings, each Borrower and each of their Restricted Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Requirements of Law applicable to it or its property, except, in each case where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, it being understood and agreed that this Section 3.07 shall not apply to the Requirements of Law covered by Section 3.17 . 
 
 Section 3.08. Investment Company Status . No Loan Party is an investment company as defined in, or is required to be registered under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 
 Section 3.09. Taxes . Each of Holdings, each Borrower and each of their Restricted Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it that are due and payable, including in its capacity as a withholding agent, except (a) Taxes (or any requirement to file Tax returns with respect thereto) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which Holdings, such Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to file or pay, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.10. ERISA . 
 
 (a) Each Plan is in compliance in form and operation with its terms and with ERISA and the Code and all other applicable laws and regulations, except where any failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (b) No ERISA Event has occurred and is continuing or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 118 

Section 3.11. Disclosure . As of the Closing Date, all written information (other than the Projections, other forward-looking information and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) concerning Holdings, the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and the Transactions and that was prepared by or on behalf of Holdings or its subsidiaries or their respective representatives and made available to any Lender or the Administrative Agent in connection with the Transactions on or before the Closing Date (the Information ), when taken as a whole, did not, when furnished, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements are made (after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto from time to time). 
 
 Section 3.12. Solvency . As of the Closing Date, immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Closing Date and the incurrence of Indebtedness and obligations on the Closing Date in connection with this Agreement and the ABL Credit Agreement, (i) the sum of the debt (including contingent liabilities) of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, does not exceed the fair value of the assets of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (ii) the present fair saleable value of the assets of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liabilities of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on their debts as they become absolute and matured (iii) the capital of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not unreasonably small in relation to the business of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, contemplated as of the Closing Date and (iv) the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, do not intend to incur, or believe that they will incur, debts (including current obligations and contingent liabilities) beyond their ability to pay such debts as they mature in the ordinary course of business. For the purposes hereof, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liability meets the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 5). 
 
 Section 3.13. Capitalization and Subsidiaries . Schedule 3.13 sets forth, in each case as of the Closing Date, (a) a correct and complete list of the name of each subsidiary of Holdings and the ownership interest therein held by Holdings or its applicable subsidiary, and (b) the type of entity of each Loan Party and each subsidiary of Holdings with respect to which a portion of such subsidiary s equity is pledged by a Loan Party as Collateral. 
 
 Section 3.14. Security Interest in Collateral . Subject to any limitations and exceptions set forth in any Loan Document, the Legal Reservations, the Perfection Requirements, the provisions of this Agreement and the other relevant Loan Documents (including the Intercreditor Agreements (and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement)) and or any other applicable intercreditor arrangement, the Collateral Documents create legal, valid and enforceable Liens on all of the Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of itself and the other Secured Parties, and upon the satisfaction of the Perfection Requirements, such Liens constitute perfected Liens (with the priority that such Liens are expressed to have under the relevant Collateral Documents, unless otherwise permitted hereunder or under any Collateral Document) on the Collateral (to the extent such Liens are required to be perfected under the terms of the Loan Documents) securing the Secured Obligations, in each case as and to the extent set forth therein. 
 
 Section 3.15. Labor Disputes . Except as individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or to the extent otherwise disclosed on Schedule 3.15 hereto (a) there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against the Parent Borrower or 
 119 

any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, threatened by any union or labor organization purporting to act as exclusive bargaining representative and (b) the hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign law dealing with such matters. 
 
 Section 3.16. Federal Reserve Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that results in a violation of the provisions of Regulation T, U or X. 
 
 Section 3.17. Economic and Trade Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws . 
 
 (a) (i) None of Holdings, the Borrowers nor any of their Restricted Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, any director, officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of any of the foregoing is (A) a person on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or (B) currently the subject of any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department OFAC or the U.S. State Department (collectively, Sanctions and (ii) the Borrowers will not directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person, for the purpose of financing activities of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such financing, is the subject of any Sanctions, except to the extent permissible for a Person required to comply with Sanctions. 
 
 (b) To the extent applicable, each Loan Party is in compliance in all material respects with (i) each of the foreign assets control regulations of the U.S. Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V), and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, (ii) the USA PATRIOT Act and, to its knowledge, other anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering laws of the U.S., and (iii) the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA ). 
 
 (c) No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to improperly obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the FCPA. 
 
 (d) The representations and warranties contained in this Section 3.17 shall only apply to the extent that it would not result in any violation of or conflict with Council Regulation (EC) No 2271 96 of 22 November 1996, section 7 of the German Foreign Trade Ordinance (Au enwirtschaftsverordnung) or any similar anti-boycott law or regulation. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 CONDITIONS 
 
 Section 4.01. Closing Date . The obligations of any Lender to make Loans shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02) 
 
 (a) Credit Agreement and Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each Loan Party party thereto (i) a counterpart signed by each such Loan Party (or written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include a copy transmitted by facsimile or other electronic method) that such party has signed a counterpart) of 
 120 

(A) this Agreement, (B) the Security Agreement, (C) any Intellectual Property Security Agreement required pursuant to the Security Agreement, (D) the Loan Guaranty, (E) any Promissory Note requested by a Lender at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date and (F) the ABL Intercreditor Agreement Joinder (which shall be signed by the Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent, the Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement Administrative Agent and the ABL Administrative Agent) and the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement Joinder (which shall be signed by the Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent and the Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement Administrative Agent) and (ii) a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03 . 
 
 (b) Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a customary written opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP, in its capacity as special counsel for Holdings, the Borrowers and any Subsidiary Guarantors, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (ii) a customary written opinion of Babst Calland, in its capacity as special counsel for the Parent Borrower and any Subsidiary Guarantors organized under the laws of Pennsylvania, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 
 (c) Reserved . 
 
 (d) Closing Certificates Certified Charters Good Standing Certificates . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Closing Date and executed by a secretary, assistant secretary or other senior officer (as the case may be) thereof, which shall (A) certify that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the resolutions or written consents of its shareholders, board of directors, board of managers, members or other governing body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrowers, the borrowings hereunder, and that such resolutions or written consents have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect, (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers, managers, directors or authorized signatories of such Loan Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it is a party on the Closing Date and (C) certify (x) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation or organization (or memorandum of association or other equivalent thereof) of such Loan Party certified by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party and a true and correct copy of its by-laws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement and (y) that such documents or agreements have not been amended (except as otherwise attached to such certificate and certified therein as being the only amendments thereto as of such date) and (ii) a good standing (or equivalent if applicable) certificate as of a recent date for such Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization. 
 
 (e) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in Article III hereof and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date provided that to the extent that any representation and warranty specifically refers to a given date or period, it shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date or for such period provided , further , that any representation or warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. 
 
 (f) Fees . Prior to or substantially concurrently with the funding of the Initial Term Loans hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) all fees required to be paid by the Borrowers on the Closing Date pursuant to the Administrative Agent Fee Letter and (ii) all expenses required to be paid by the Borrowers for which invoices have been presented at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date or such later date to which the Borrowers may agree 
 121 

(including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel), in each case on or before the Closing Date, which amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the Loans. 
 
 (g) Solvency . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate dated as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit K from the chief financial officer (or other officer with reasonably equivalent responsibilities) of the Parent Borrower, on behalf of the Borrowers, certifying as to the matters set forth therein. 
 
 (h) Perfection Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a completed Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, together with all attachments contemplated thereby. 
 
 (i) Pledged Stock Stock Powers Pledged Notes . Subject to the Intercreditor Agreements, the Administrative Agent (or its bailee) shall have received (i) the certificates representing the Capital Stock required to be pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement, together with an undated stock or similar power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof, and (ii) each Material Debt Instrument (if any) endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the pledgor thereof. 
 
 (j) Filings Registrations and Recordings . Subject to the Intercreditor Agreements, each document (including any UCC (or similar) financing statement) required by any Collateral Document or under law to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral required to be delivered pursuant to such Collateral Document, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Permitted Liens), shall have been received by the Administrative Agent and be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation. 
 
 (k) Transactions . Prior to or substantially concurrently with the initial funding of the Loans hereunder, the Closing Date Refinancing shall have occurred. 
 
 (l) Material Adverse Effect . Since December 31, 2015, no Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred. 
 
 (m) USA PATRIOT Act . No later than three Business Days in advance of the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and other information reasonably requested by any Lender that is party hereto on the Closing Date in writing with respect to any Loan Party at least ten days in advance of the Closing Date, which documentation or other information is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 
 (n) Beneficial Ownership Certificate . If any Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation it shall have delivered to each Lender requesting the same, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Borrower, in each case, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date to the extent requested by any Lender that is party hereto in writing at least ten (10) Business Days in advance of the Closing Date. 
 
 (o) Officer s Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer or director of the Parent Borrower certifying as of the Closing Date to the matters set forth in Section 4.01(e) and Section 4.01(l) . 

122 

For purposes of determining whether the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 have been satisfied on the Closing Date, by funding the Loans hereunder, the Administrative Agent and each Lender that has executed this Agreement (or an Assignment and Assumption on the Closing Date) shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted, or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 From the Closing Date until the Termination Date, (i) in the case of Holdings, solely with respect to Sections 5.01 , 5.02 , 5.03 , 5.08 , and 5.12 , and (ii) the Parent Borrower hereby covenant and agree with the Lenders that 
 
 Section 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Reports . The Parent Borrower will deliver to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender 
 
 (a) Quarterly Financial Statements . Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending on or around June 30, 2021 (or, if later, as required or permitted by the SEC), the consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Borrower as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Parent Borrower for such Fiscal Quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current Fiscal Year to the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and setting forth (commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending on or around June 30, 2021), in reasonable detail, in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding periods of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, together with a Responsible Officer Certification (which may be included in the applicable Compliance Certificate) with respect thereto and, at the option of the Parent Borrower, either (i) a Narrative Report with respect thereto (which may be satisfied by any Parent Company s Form 10-Q report) or (ii) a conference call with the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, which call shall be held after delivery of the applicable financial statements, during normal business hours and otherwise at a time mutually agreed between the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent for the applicable Fiscal Quarter (which may be satisfied by any investors earnings release call by any Parent Company) 
 
 (b) Annual Financial Statements . Within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year (or, if later, as required or permitted by the SEC), (i) the consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Borrower as at the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Parent Borrower for such Fiscal Year and setting forth (commencing with the Fiscal Year ending on or around December 31, 2021), in reasonable detail, in comparative form the corresponding figures for the previous Fiscal Year and (ii) with respect to such consolidated financial statements, (A) a report thereon from the Parent Borrower s certified public accountant or any nationally recognized independent certified public accountant of recognized national standing (which report shall be unqualified as to going concern (other than resulting from the impending maturity of any Indebtedness or any actual or prospective breach of any financial covenant) and scope of audit, and shall state that such consolidated financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Parent Borrower as at the dates indicated and its income and cash flows for the periods indicated in conformity with GAAP) and (B) at the option of the Parent Borrower, either (i) a Narrative Report with respect to such Fiscal Year (which may be satisfied by any Parent Company s Form 10-K report), or (ii) a conference call with the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, which call shall be held after delivery of the applicable financial statements, during normal business hours and otherwise at a time 
 123 

mutually agreed between the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent for the applicable Fiscal Year (which may be satisfied by any investors earnings release call by any Parent Company) 
 
 (c) Compliance Certificate . Together with each delivery of financial statements of the Parent Borrower pursuant to Sections 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) , (i) a duly executed and completed Compliance Certificate (A) certifying that no Default or Event of Default exists (or if a Default or Event of Default exists, describing in reasonable detail such Default or Event of Default and the steps being taken to cure, remedy or waive the same) and (B) in the case of financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(b) , setting forth reasonably detailed calculations of Excess Cash Flow of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for each Fiscal Year beginning with the financial statements for the Fiscal Year ending on or about December 31, 2022 and (ii) (A) a summary of the pro forma or consolidating adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such financial statements and (B) a list identifying any change or addition of any subsidiary of the Parent Borrower as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as of the date of delivery of such Compliance Certificate or confirming that there is no change in such information since the later of the Closing Date and the date of the last such list 
 
 (d) Reserved 
 
 (e) Notice of Default . Promptly upon, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after, any Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower obtaining knowledge of (i) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default or (ii) the occurrence of any event or change that has caused or evidences or would reasonably be expected to cause or evidence, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, a reasonably-detailed notice specifying the nature and period of existence of such condition, event or change and what action the Parent Borrower has taken, is taking and proposes to take with respect thereto 
 
 (f) Notice of Litigation . Promptly upon, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after, any Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower obtaining knowledge of (i) the institution of, or threat of, any Adverse Proceeding not previously disclosed in writing by the Parent Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or (ii) any material development in any Adverse Proceeding that, in the case of either of clause (i) or (ii) , would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, written notice thereof from the Parent Borrower together with such other non-privileged information as may be reasonably available to the Loan Parties to enable the Lenders to evaluate such matters 
 
 (g) ERISA . Promptly upon, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after, any Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower becoming aware of the occurrence of any ERISA Event that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, a written notice specifying the nature thereof 
 
 (h) Annual Collateral Verification . Together with the delivery of each Compliance Certificate provided with the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(b) , a Perfection Certificate Supplement 
 
 (i) Information Regarding Collateral . Within sixty (60) days of the relevant change, written notice of any change (i) in any Loan Party s legal name, (ii) in any Loan Party s type of organization, (iii) in any Loan Party s jurisdiction of organization or (iv) in any Loan Party s organizational identification number (if any), in the case of this clause (iv) , to the extent such information is necessary to enable the Administrative Agent to perfect or maintain the perfection and 
 124 

priority of its security interest in the Collateral of the relevant Loan Party, together with a certified copy of the applicable Organizational Document reflecting the relevant change 
 
 (j) Environmental Matters . Prompt (and in any event within five (5) Business Days after any Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower obtaining knowledge thereof) written notice of any Release or other Hazardous Material Activity that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (k) Certain Reports . Promptly upon their becoming available and without duplication of any obligations with respect to any such information that is otherwise required to be delivered under the provisions of any Loan Document, copies of (i) following an initial public offering, all financial statements, reports, notices and proxy statements sent or made available generally by Holdings or its applicable Parent Company to its security holders acting in such capacity and (ii) all regular and periodic reports and all registration statements (other than on Form S-8 or a similar form) and prospectuses, if any, filed by Holdings or its applicable Parent Company with any securities exchange or with the SEC or any analogous governmental or private regulatory authority with jurisdiction over matters relating to securities 
 
 (l) Reserved and 
 
 (m) Other Information . Such other certificates, reports and information (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time in connection with the financial condition or business of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries provided , however , that none of Holdings, the Parent Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to disclose or provide any information (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information of Holdings, the Parent Borrower and or any of their respective subsidiaries, customers and or suppliers, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, (iii) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (iv) in respect of which Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party provided , further , that, with respect to this clause (iv) , the Parent Borrower shall (A) make the Administrative Agent aware of such confidentiality obligations (to the extent permitted under the applicable confidentiality obligation) and (B) use commercially reasonable efforts to communicate the relevant information in a way that does not violate such confidentiality obligations. 
 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Parent Borrower (or a representative thereof) (x) posts such documents or (y) provides a link thereto on the website of the Parent Borrower on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 9.01 provided that, other than with respect to items required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(k) , the Parent Borrower shall promptly notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent in writing of the posting of any such documents on the website of the Parent Borrower (or its applicable subsidiary) and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents (ii) on which such documents are delivered by the Parent Borrower to the Administrative Agent for posting on behalf of the Parent Borrower on SyndTrak or another relevant website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) (iii) on which executed certificates or other documents are faxed to the Administrative Agent (or electronically mailed to an address provided by the Administrative Agent) or (iv) in respect of the items required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(k) in respect of information filed by any applicable Parent Company with any securities exchange or with the 
 125 

SEC or any analogous governmental or private regulatory authority with jurisdiction over matters relating to securities (other than Form 10-Q reports and Form 10-K reports described in Sections 5.01(a) and (b) , respectively), on which such items have been made available on the SEC website or the website of the relevant analogous governmental or private regulatory authority or securities exchange. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in paragraphs (a) , and (b) of this Section 5.01 may be satisfied with respect to any financial statements of the Parent Borrower by furnishing (A) the applicable financial statements of any Parent Company or (B) any Parent Company s Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC or any securities exchange, in each case, within the time periods specified in such paragraphs provided that, with respect to each of clauses (A) and (B) , (i) to the extent such financial statements relate to any Parent Company, such financial statements shall be accompanied by consolidating information that summarizes in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to such Parent Company, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Parent Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand, which consolidating information shall be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower as having been fairly presented in all material respects and (ii) to the extent such statements are in lieu of statements required to be provided under Section 5.01(b) , such statements shall be accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall satisfy the applicable requirements set forth in Section 5.01(b) . 
 
 Any financial statement required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) shall not be required to include acquisition accounting adjustments relating to the Transactions or any Permitted Acquisition to the extent it is not practicable to include any such adjustments in such financial statement. 
 
 Section 5.02. Existence . Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.07 , Holdings and the Parent Borrower will, and the Parent Borrower will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence and all rights, franchises, licenses and permits material to its business except, other than with respect to the preservation of the existence of the Parent Borrower, to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect provided that neither Holdings nor the Parent Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any such existence (other than with respect to the preservation of existence of the Parent Borrower), right, franchise, license or permit if a Responsible Officer of such Person or such Person s board of directors (or similar governing body) determines that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of such Person, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to such Person or to the Lenders. 
 
 Section 5.03. Payment of Taxes . Holdings and the Parent Borrower will, and the Parent Borrower will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, pay all Taxes imposed upon it or any of its properties or assets or in respect of any of its income or businesses or franchises before any penalty or fine accrues thereon provided that no such Tax need be paid if (a) it is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted, so long as (i) adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions, as are required in conformity with GAAP, have been made therefor and (ii) in the case of a Tax which has or may become a Lien against any of the Collateral, such contest proceedings conclusively operate to stay the sale of any portion of the Collateral to satisfy such Tax or (b) the failure to pay or discharge the same could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 126 

Section 5.04. Maintenance of Properties . The Parent Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain or cause to be maintained in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted, all property reasonably necessary to the normal conduct of business of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and from time to time will make or cause to be made all needed and appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereof except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or where the failure to maintain such properties or make such repairs, renewals or replacements could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 5.05. Insurance . Except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Parent Borrower will maintain or cause to be maintained, with financially sound and reputable insurers, such insurance coverage with respect to liabilities, losses or damage in respect of the assets, properties and businesses of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as may customarily be carried or maintained under similar circumstances by Persons of established reputation engaged in similar businesses, in each case in such amounts (giving effect to self-insurance), with such deductibles, covering such risks and otherwise on such terms and conditions as shall be customary for such Persons. Each such policy of insurance shall (i) name the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders as an additional insured thereunder as its interests may appear and (ii) to the extent available from the relevant insurance carrier, in the case of each casualty insurance policy (excluding any business interruption insurance policy), contain a loss payable clause or endorsement that names the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders as the lender loss payee thereunder and, to the extent available, provide for at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of any modification or cancellation of such policy (or ten (10) days prior written notice in the case of the failure to pay any premiums thereunder). 
 
 Section 5.06. Inspections . The Parent Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, permit any authorized representative designated by the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of the properties of the Parent Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries at which the principal financial records and executive officers of the applicable Person are located, to inspect, copy and take extracts from its and their respective financial and accounting records, and to discuss its and their respective affairs, finances and accounts with its and their Responsible Officers and independent public accountants provided that the Parent Borrower (or any of its subsidiaries) may, if it so chooses, be present at or participate in any such discussion), all upon reasonable notice and at reasonable times during normal business hours provided that, (x) only the Administrative Agent (or a representative designated by the Administrative Agent) on behalf of the Lenders may exercise the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 5.06 , (y) subject to the immediately succeeding proviso, the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than one time during any calendar year and (z) subject to the immediately succeeding proviso, only one such time per calendar year shall be at the expense of the Parent Borrower provided further that when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Parent Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the Parent Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making of copies of or taking abstracts from, or discuss any document, information, or other matter (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information of the Parent Borrower and its subsidiaries and or any of its customers and or suppliers, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by applicable law, (iii) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (iv) in respect of which Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party provided , further , that, with 
 127 

respect to this clause (iv) , the Parent Borrower shall (A) make the Administrative Agent aware of such confidentiality obligations (to the extent permitted under the applicable confidentiality obligation) and (B) use commercially reasonable efforts to communicate the relevant information in a way that does not violate such confidentiality obligations. 
 
 Section 5.07. Maintenance of Books and Records . The Parent Borrower will, and will cause its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books of record and account containing entries of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are full, true and correct in all material respects and permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Section 5.08. Compliance with Laws . 
 
 (a) Holdings and the Parent Borrower will, and will cause each of their Restricted Subsidiaries to (i) materially comply with the applicable requirements of Sanctions and the FCPA (subject to any applicable licenses, authorizations or exemptions) and (ii) comply with the requirements of all other applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority (including ERISA, the USA PATRIOT Act and, to its knowledge, anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws), except to the extent the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (b) The Borrowers will not directly or, to their knowledge, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person, (i) for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such financing, is the subject of any Sanctions, except to the extent permissible for a Person required to comply with Sanctions or (ii) in a manner that violates any applicable requirements under the FCPA. 
 
 Section 5.09. Compliance with Environmental Laws . Except, in each case, to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (a) comply, and take all commercially reasonable actions to cause any lessees and other Persons operating or occupying its properties to comply, with all applicable Environmental Laws and environmental permits (including any investigation, notification, cleanup, removal or remedial obligations with respect to or arising out of any Hazardous Materials Activity), (b) obtain and renew all environmental permits required to conduct its operations or in connection with its properties and (c) respond timely to any Environmental Claim against the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and discharge or duly contest any obligations it may have to any Person thereunder. 
 
 Section 5.10. Designation of Subsidiaries . The board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Parent Borrower may at any time after the Closing Date designate (or redesignate) any subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary provided that (i) immediately before and after such designation or redesignation, no Default or Event of Default exists (including after giving effect to the reclassification of Investments in, Indebtedness of and Liens on the assets of, the applicable Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary), (ii) in the case of designating a Restricted Subsidiary to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary or redesignating an Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary, the applicable Investment is permitted under one or more clauses in Section 6.06 (as selected by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion), (iii) no subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it is a Restricted Subsidiary for purposes of the ABL Credit Agreement unless also being designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary thereunder, and (iv) as of the date of the designation or redesignation thereof, no Unrestricted Subsidiary shall own any Capital 
 128 

Stock in any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower (unless such Restricted Subsidiary is also designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary) or hold any Indebtedness of or any Lien on any property of the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (unless the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary is permitted to incur such Indebtedness or Liens in favor of such Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Sections 6.01 and 6.02 ). The designation of any subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Parent Borrower (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary) therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the portion of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary attributable to the Parent Borrower s (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary s) equity interest therein as reasonably estimated by the Parent Borrower (and such designation shall only be permitted to the extent such Investment is permitted under Section 6.06 ). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the incurrence or making, as applicable, at the time of designation of any then-existing Investment, Indebtedness or Lien of such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable provided that upon a redesignation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Parent Borrower shall be deemed to continue to have an Investment in the resulting Restricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to (a) the Parent Borrower s Investment in such Restricted Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation, less (b) the portion of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary attributable to the Parent Borrower s equity therein at the time of such redesignation. As of the Closing Date, the subsidiaries listed on Schedule 5.10 have been designated as Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 
 
 Section 5.11. Use of Proceeds . The Parent Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Initial Term Loans made to the Parent Borrower on the Closing Date solely to directly or indirectly finance a portion of the Transactions (including the payment of Transaction Costs). 
 
 Section 5.12. Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security . Upon (i) the formation or acquisition after the Closing Date of any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary), (ii) the designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary), (iii) any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary ceasing to be an Immaterial Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary), (iv) any Restricted Subsidiary that was an Excluded Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary or (v) the designation of a Discretionary Guarantor, on or before the date that is sixty (60) days after the end of such Fiscal Quarter in which such transaction or designation occurred (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), the Parent Borrower shall (A) cause such Restricted Subsidiary or Discretionary Guarantor to comply with the requirements set forth in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (B) upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, cause the relevant Restricted Subsidiary or Discretionary Guarantor to deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of a customary opinion of counsel for such Restricted Subsidiary or Discretionary Guarantor, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the other relevant Secured Parties. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, (i) the Administrative Agent may grant extensions of time or any period in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document (at any time, including, in each case, after the expiration of any relevant time or period, which will be retroactive) for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or obtaining of title insurance, legal opinions, surveys or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets or the provision of any Loan Guaranty by any Restricted Subsidiary (in connection with assets acquired, or Restricted Subsidiaries formed or acquired, after the Closing Date) where it reasonably determines, in consultation with the Parent Borrower, that such action cannot be accomplished without undue effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required to be accomplished by this Agreement or the Collateral Documents, and each Lender hereby consents to any such extension of time, (ii) any Lien required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the 
 129 

Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth therein and in the Collateral Documents, (iii) no Loan Party shall be required to seek any landlord lien waiver, bailee letter, estoppel, warehouseman waiver or other collateral access or similar letter or agreement, (iv) no Loan Party will be required to take any action to the extent limited, restricted or not required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and any other Loan Document, (v) in no event will the Collateral include any Excluded Assets, (vi) no action shall be required to perfect a Lien (1) in any asset in respect of which the perfection of a security interest therein would violate the terms of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and is binding on such asset on the Closing Date or at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof (other than in the case of capital leases, purchase money and similar financings), in each case, after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable law, (2) in any asset in respect of which the perfection of a security interest therein would trigger termination of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and is binding on such asset on the Closing Date or at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof (other than in the case of capital leases, purchase money and similar financings) pursuant to any change of control or similar provision it being understood that the Collateral shall include any proceeds and or receivables arising out of any contract described in this clause to the extent the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed effective under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding the relevant prohibition, violation or termination right and or (3) with respect to Letter-of-Credit Rights to the extent that a security interest therein cannot be perfected by filing a Form UCC-1 (or similar) financing statement (vii) any joinder or supplement to any Loan Guaranty, any Collateral Document and or any other Loan Document executed by any Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.12 above may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent, include such schedules (or updates to schedules) as may be necessary to qualify any representation or warranty set forth in any Loan Document to the extent necessary to ensure that such representation or warranty is true and correct to the extent required thereby or by the terms of any other Loan Document (viii) any time periods to comply with the foregoing Section 5.12 shall not apply to Discretionary Guarantors (provided that such entity shall not be deemed a Guarantor or Discretionary Guarantor until such entity has complied with such requirements) and (ix) the Administrative Agent shall not require the taking of a Lien on, or require the perfection of any Lien granted in, those assets as to which the cost of obtaining or perfecting such Lien (including any mortgage, stamp, intangibles or other tax or expenses relating to such Lien) is excessive in relation to the benefit to the Lenders of the security afforded thereby as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Section 5.13. Reserved . 
 
 Section 5.14. Further Assurances . Promptly upon request of the Administrative Agent and subject to the limitations described in Section 5.12 
 
 (a) The Parent Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements, instruments, certificates, notices and acknowledgments and take all such further actions (including the filing and recordation of financing statements and or amendments thereto and other documents), that may be required under any applicable law and which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to ensure the creation, perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created under the Collateral Documents, all at the expense of the relevant Loan Parties. 
 
 (b) The Parent Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, (i) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral 
 130 

and (ii) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts (including notices to third parties), deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of the Collateral Documents. 
 
 Section 5.15. Post-Closing Matters . The Loan Parties shall comply with their obligations described in Schedule 5.15 , in each case, within the applicable periods of time specified in such Schedule 5.15 with respect to such item (or such longer periods as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion). 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 
 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 (I) From the Closing Date and until the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date has occurred, Holdings and the Parent Borrower covenant and agree with the Lenders that they shall comply with the covenants set forth in Annex II to this Agreement and (II) from the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date and until the Termination Date, (i) in the case of Holdings, solely with respect to Sections 6.04(b) and 6.14 and (ii) the Parent Borrower covenant and agree with the Lenders that (it being understood and agreed that any incurrence or making, as applicable, of any Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment or Disposition made at any time prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date and any Indebtedness, Investment or Lien outstanding on the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date shall be deemed to be a utilization of an exception to the applicable Section in this Article VI on and as of the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date) 
 
 Section 6.01. Indebtedness . The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except 
 
 (a) the Secured Obligations (including any Loans and or Commitments) 
 
 (b) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower to any Restricted Subsidiary and or of any Restricted Subsidiary to the Parent Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary provided that any Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party must be expressly subordinated to the Obligations of such Loan Party 
 
 (c) reserved 
 
 (d) (i) Indebtedness arising from any agreement providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations (including contingent earn-out obligations) incurred in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder, any acquisition permitted hereunder or consummated prior to the Closing Date or any other purchase of assets or Capital Stock and (ii) Indebtedness arising from guaranties, letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments securing the performance of the Parent Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any such agreement 
 
 (e) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary (i) pursuant to tenders, statutory obligations, bids, leases, governmental contracts, trade contracts, surety, stay, customs, appeal, performance and or return of money bonds or other similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments to support any of, or in lieu of, any of the foregoing items and (iii) in respect of commercial and trade letters of credit 
 131 

(f) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft protections, check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository, overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository network services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services and any arrangements or services similar to any of the foregoing and or otherwise in connection with Cash management and Deposit Accounts, including Banking Services Obligations and dealer incentive, supplier finance or similar programs 
 
 (g) (i) guaranties by the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary of the obligations of suppliers, customers and licensees in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary to pay the deferred purchase price of goods or services or progress payments in connection with such goods and services and (iii) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, bank guaranties or similar instruments supporting trade payables, warehouse receipts or similar facilities entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (h) Guarantees by the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.01 or other obligations not prohibited by this Agreement 
 
 (i) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary existing, or pursuant to commitments existing, on the Closing Date provided that (i) any such item of Indebtedness with an aggregate outstanding principal amount on the Closing Date in excess of 5,000,000 shall be described on Schedule 6.01 , and (ii) ordinary course capital leases, purchase money indebtedness, equipment financings, performance bonds, bank guarantees, letters of credit, guarantees and surety bonds existing as of the Closing Date need not be described on Schedule 6.01 
 
 (j) Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness not to exceed the greater of 132,000,000 and 65.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA minus amounts under this Section 6.01(j) reallocated to Section 6.01(u) 
 
 (k) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of obligations owing under incentive, supply, license or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (l) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums, (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business and or (iii) obligations to reacquire assets or inventory in connection with customer financing arrangements in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (m) (i) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to purchase money Indebtedness incurred prior to or within two hundred seventy (270) days of the acquisition, lease, completion of construction, repair of, replacement, improvement to or installation of assets (or Capital Stock of any Person owning any such assets) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of 112,000,000 and 55.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (ii) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to Capital Leases (including Capital Lease obligations or rental payments in respect of 
 132 

any property Disposed of pursuant to any Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted pursuant to Section 6.07 
 
 (n) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or Indebtedness assumed, in each case, in connection with an acquisition or Investment permitted hereunder after the Closing Date provided that (i) such Indebtedness (A) existed at the time such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or the assets subject to such Indebtedness were acquired and (B) was not created or incurred in anticipation thereof, (ii) no Event of Default exists or would result after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition or similar Investment and (iii) solely to the extent the principal amount thereof acquired in such acquisition or Investment exceeds the greater of 71,000,000 and an amount equal to 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of 6.25 1.00 and the Total Leverage Ratio as of the then most recently completed fiscal quarter, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis 
 
 (o) Indebtedness consisting of promissory notes issued by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any stockholder of any Parent Company or any current or former director, officer, employee, member of management, manager or consultant of any Parent Company, the Parent Borrower or any subsidiary (or their respective Immediate Family Members) to finance the purchase or redemption of Capital Stock of any Parent Company permitted by Section 6.04(a) 
 
 (p) the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may become and remain liable for any Indebtedness refinancing, refunding or replacing any Indebtedness permitted under clauses (a) , (i) , (j) , (m) , (n) , (q) , (r) , (u) , (w) , (x), (z) and (ii) and this clause (p) of this Section 6.01 (in any case, including any refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect thereof, Refinancing Indebtedness and any subsequent Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of existing Refinancing Indebtedness under this clause (p) provided , that 
 
 (i) the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, except by (A) an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest, penalties and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus commitment, underwriting, arrangement and similar fees, other reasonable and customary fees, commissions and expenses (including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payments) incurred in connection with the relevant refinancing, refunding or replacement, (B) an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (C) additional amounts permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.01 provided that (1) any additional Indebtedness referenced in this clause (C) satisfies the other applicable requirements of this Section 6.01 (with additional amounts incurred in reliance on this clause (C) constituting a utilization of the relevant basket or exception pursuant to which such additional amount is permitted) and (2) if such additional Indebtedness is secured, the Lien securing such Indebtedness satisfies the applicable requirements of Section 6.02 
 
 (ii) (x) other than in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to clauses (a) , (i) , (j) , (m) , (n) , (r) , (u) , (x) and (z) of this Section 6.01 (and other than customary bridge loans with a maturity date of not longer than one (1) year which are converted into, exchanged for, extended to or otherwise refinanced with Indebtedness subject to the requirements of this clause (ii) ), and subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, (A) such Indebtedness has a final maturity on or later than (and, in the case of revolving Indebtedness, does not require mandatory commitment reductions, if any, prior to) the earlier of (1) ninety-one (91) days after the Latest Maturity Date and (2) the final maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced and (B) other than with respect to revolving Indebtedness, and subject to the 
 133 

Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced (other than to the extent resulting from a change in the final maturity date permitted under clause (A)(1) above) and (y) in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred with respect to Indebtedness permitted under clause (a) of this Section 6.01 , such Indebtedness shall satisfy the requirements of Section 9.02(c)(i)(B) or Section 9.02(c)(ii)(B) , as applicable 
 
 (iii) in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to Indebtedness permitted under clauses (j) , (m), (u), (w), (x) and (z) of this Section 6.01 , the incurrence thereof shall be without duplication of any amounts outstanding in reliance on the relevant clause and after the incurrence thereof, shall constitute amounts outstanding under such clause 
 
 (iv) except in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of Indebtedness permitted under clause (a) of this Section 6.01 (it being understood that Holdings may not be the primary obligor of the applicable Refinancing Indebtedness if Holdings was not the primary obligor on the relevant refinanced Indebtedness), (A) such Indebtedness, if secured, is secured only by Permitted Liens at the time of such refinancing, refunding or replacement (it being understood that secured Indebtedness may be refinanced with unsecured Indebtedness), (B) such Indebtedness is incurred by the obligor or obligors in respect of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, except to the extent otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 , and (C) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced was originally contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment (or the Liens securing such Indebtedness were originally contractually subordinated to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations), such Refinancing Indebtedness is contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment (or the Refinancing Liens securing such Indebtedness are subordinated to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations and subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), except to the extent the refinancing, refunding or replacement thereof constitutes a Restricted Debt Payment permitted under Section 6.04(b) (other than Section 6.04(b)(i) or does not constitute a Restricted Debt Payment 
 
 (v) no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom 
 
 (vi) in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of Indebtedness permitted under clause (a) of this Section 6.01 , (A) such Indebtedness is pari passu or junior in right of payment and secured by the Collateral on a pari passu or junior basis with respect to the remaining Obligations hereunder and shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, or is unsecured, (B) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced is secured, it is not secured by any assets other than the Collateral, (C) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced is Guaranteed, it shall not be Guaranteed by any Person other than a Loan Party and (D) such Indebtedness shall satisfy the requirements of Section 9.02(c)(i)(I) or Section 9.02(c)(ii)(I) , as applicable and 
 
 (vii) any such Refinancing Indebtedness that is pari passu with the First Priority Secured Obligations hereunder in right of payment and secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with respect to the First Priority Secured Obligations may participate, with respect to voluntary prepayments on a pro rata basis, a less than pro rata basis or greater than pro rata basis, and with respect to mandatory Prepayments, on 
 134 

a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis), in each case, in respect of the Initial Term Loans (and any other Term Loans then subject to ratable repayment requirements), in each case as the Parent Borrower and the relevant lender may agree 
 
 (q) Indebtedness incurred to finance, or assumed in connection with, any acquisition or Investment permitted hereunder after the Closing Date provided , that (i) before and after giving effect to such acquisition or Investment on a Pro Forma Basis, no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, (ii) after giving effect to such acquisition or Investment on a Pro Forma Basis (without netting the Cash proceeds of such Indebtedness), solely to the extent the principal amount thereof acquired in such acquisition or Investment exceeds the greater of 51,000,000 and an amount equal to 25.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, (A) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien securing the First Priority Secured Obligations and pari passu in right of payment with the Obligations, (1) such Indebtedness shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, (2) the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of (x) 4.50 1.00 and (y) the First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, and (3) any such Indebtedness consisting of syndicated first lien term loans (other than bridge loans shall be subject to clause (v) of the proviso to Section 2.22(a) (including with respect to exceptions, limitations and thresholds thereunder), (B) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien securing the First Priority Secured Obligations, (1) such Indebtedness shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, and (2) the Secured Leverage Ratio would not exceed the greater of (x) 5.75 1.00 and (y) the Secured Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, and (C) if such Indebtedness is not secured by a Lien on the Collateral (including all Indebtedness of any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary), either (1) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of (x) 6.25 1.00 and (y) the Total Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period or (2) the pro forma Net Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than the lesser of (A) 2.00 1.00 and (B) the Net Interest Coverage Ratio as of the then most recently ended Test Period, (iii) such Indebtedness does not mature prior to the Latest Maturity Date as of the date of incurrence thereof, (iv) no such incurred (but not assumed) Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral shall be guaranteed by any Person that is not a Loan Party or secured by any assets other than the Collateral, (v) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any such incurred (but not assumed) Indebtedness shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then-existing Class of Term Loans (without giving effect to any prepayment thereof) and (vi) such Indebtedness of Loan Parties shall be subject to clause (x) of the proviso to Section 2.22(a) 
 
 (r) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed 200 of the amount of Net Proceeds received by the Parent Borrower Contribution Indebtedness from (i) the issuance or sale of Qualified Capital Stock or (ii) any cash contribution to its Capital Stock, in each case, (A) other than any Net Proceeds received from the sale of Capital Stock to, or contributions from, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (B) to the extent the relevant Net Proceeds have not otherwise been applied to increase the Available Amount or to make any Restricted Payments or Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries hereunder and (C) other than Cure Amounts under and as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement 
 
 (s) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Derivative Transaction not entered into for speculative purposes 
 
 (t) reserved 
 
 135 

(u) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed (i) the sum of (A) the greater of 132,000,000 and 65.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (B) any amounts reallocated to this Section 6.01(u) from Section 6.01(j) and Section 6.04(a)(xi) minus (ii) any amounts under this Section 6.01(u) (after giving effect to clause (i)(A) reallocated to clause (d) of the Fixed Incremental Amount and Section 6.01(x) 
 
 (v) reserved 
 
 (w) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary so long as, no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom and on a Pro Forma Basis (without netting the Cash proceeds of such Indebtedness), (i) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien securing the First Priority Secured Obligations and pari passu in right of payment with the Obligations, (A) such Indebtedness shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, (B) the First Lien Leverage Ratio would not exceed 4.50 1.00 and (C) any such Indebtedness consisting of syndicated first lien term loans (other than bridge loans shall be subject to clause (v) of the proviso to Section 2.22(a) (including with respect to exceptions, limitations and thresholds thereunder), (ii) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien securing the First Priority Secured Obligations, (A) such Indebtedness shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, and (B) the Secured Leverage Ratio would not exceed 5.75 1.00, and (iii) if such Indebtedness is not secured by the Collateral (including all Indebtedness of any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary), either (A) the Total Leverage Ratio would not exceed 6.25 1.00 or (B) the pro forma Net Interest Coverage Ratio would not be less than 2.00 1.00 provided , that (1) solely if the Total Leverage Ratio would be greater than 6.25 1.00 after giving pro forma effect to such incurrence, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties shall not exceed the sum of (x) the greater of 102,000,000 and 50.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (y) any other Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by such Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties under this Section 6.01 , (2) no such Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral shall be guaranteed by any Person that is not a Loan Party or secured by any assets other than the Collateral, (3) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, such Indebtedness does not mature prior to the Latest Maturity Date as of the date of incurrence thereof, (4) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness, Exception, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any such Indebtedness shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then-existing Class of Term Loans (without giving effect to any prepayment thereof) and (5) such Indebtedness of Loan Parties shall be subject to clause (x) of the proviso to Section 2.22(a) 
 
 (x) (1) Indebtedness under the ABL Facility (including any Incremental Loans and Refinancing Indebtedness (each as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement or any equivalent term under the documentation governing the ABL Facility)) and any Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement or any equivalent term under the documentation governing the ABL Facility) in an aggregate principal amount that does not exceed at any time the sum of (A) 150,000,000 plus (B) an amount equal to the Incremental Cap (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date) plus (C) any amounts reallocated to this Section 6.01(x) from Section 6.01(u) and (2) any Banking Services Obligations and Secured Hedging Obligations , as such terms are defined in the ABL Credit Agreement or any equivalent term in any other ABL Facility 
 
 (y) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in connection with (i) a Specified Lease Transaction or (ii) a NMTC Transaction 
 
 136 

(z) Indebtedness (and or commitments in respect thereof) issued or incurred by the Parent Borrower or any Guarantors in lieu of any Incremental Facility (such Indebtedness, Incremental Equivalent Debt provided that (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount (or committed amount, if applicable) of all Incremental Equivalent Debt, together with the aggregate outstanding principal amount (or committed amount, if applicable) of all Incremental Facilities shall not exceed the Incremental Cap to the extent constituting a utilization thereof as provided pursuant to Section 2.22 , (ii) any Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred in the form of syndicated term loans secured by a Lien on the Collateral on a senior basis pari passu with the First Priority Secured Obligations and pari passu in right of payment with the Obligations shall be subject to clause (v) of the proviso to Section 2.22(a) (including with respect to exceptions, limitations and thresholds thereunder), and (iii) Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be subject to clauses (vi) , (vii) , (viii) , (ix) , (x) and (xi) (except, in the case of clause (xi) , as otherwise agreed by the Persons providing such Incremental Equivalent Debt) of the proviso to Section 2.22(a) 
 
 (aa) Indebtedness (including obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments with respect to such Indebtedness) incurred by the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance (including premiums related thereto), other types of social security, pension obligations, vacation pay, health, disability or other employee benefits 
 
 (bb) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary representing (i) deferred compensation to directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, and consultants of any Parent Company, the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (ii) deferred compensation or other similar arrangements in connection with the Transactions, any Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment permitted hereby 
 
 (cc) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of any letter of credit or bank guarantee issued in favor of any issuing lender under the ABL Facility to support any Defaulting Lender s participation in letters of credit issued or swingline loans made under the ABL Facility 
 
 (dd) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary supported by any letter of credit otherwise permitted to be incurred hereunder 
 
 (ee) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities incurred by the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to the extent that the unfunded amounts would not otherwise cause an Event of Default to exist under Section 7.01(i) 
 
 (ff) without duplication of any other Indebtedness, all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest and payment in kind interest), accretion or amortization of original issue discount, fees, expenses and charges with respect to Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary hereunder 
 
 (gg) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, obligations under the documentation governing any Permitted Acquisition or Investment or the Permitted Restructuring 
 
 (hh) customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business 
 
 137 

(ii) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary relating to any factoring or similar arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business or otherwise for working capital and general corporate purposes and 
 
 (jj) Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties to fund working capital requirements in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness not to exceed the greater of 21,000,000 and 10.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Section 6.02. Liens . The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit or suffer to exist any Lien on or with respect to any property of any kind owned by it, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, except 
 
 (a) Liens securing the Secured Obligations created pursuant to the Loan Documents 
 
 (b) Liens for Taxes which are (i) for amounts not yet overdue by more than thirty (30) days or (ii) which are not required to be paid pursuant to Section 5.03 
 
 (c) statutory Liens (and rights of set-off) of landlords, banks, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, repairmen, workmen and materialmen, and other Liens imposed by law, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business (i) for amounts not yet overdue by more than thirty (30) days or (ii) for amounts that are overdue by more than thirty (30) days and that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions required by GAAP shall have been made for any such contested amounts 
 
 (d) Liens incurred (i) in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security laws and regulations, (ii) in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and other similar obligations (exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money), (iii) pursuant to pledges and deposits of Cash or Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business securing (x) any liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of insurance carriers providing property, casualty, liability or other insurance to Holdings and its subsidiaries or (y) leases or licenses of property otherwise permitted by this Agreement and (iv) to secure obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments posted with respect to the items described in clauses (i) through (iii) above 
 
 (e) Liens consisting of easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances and other minor defects or irregularities affecting any Real Estate Assets, in each case which do not, in the aggregate, materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Parent Borrower and or its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the use of the affected property for its intended purpose 
 
 (f) Liens consisting of any (i) interest or title of a lessor or sub-lessor under any lease of real estate not prohibited hereunder, (ii) landlord lien permitted by the terms of any lease, (iii) restriction or encumbrance to which the interest or title of such lessor or sub-lessor may be subject or (iv) subordination of the interest of the lessee or sub-lessee under such lease to any restriction or encumbrance referred to in the preceding clause (iii) 
 
 138 

(g) Liens (i) solely on any Cash earnest money deposits made by the Parent Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to any Investment permitted hereunder or (ii) consisting of an agreement to Dispose or any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 6.07 
 
 (h) purported Liens evidenced by the filing of precautionary UCC financing statements relating solely to operating leases or consignment or bailee arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (i) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods 
 
 (j) Liens in connection with any zoning, building or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of any or dimensions of real property or the structure thereon, including Liens in connection with any condemnation or eminent domain proceeding or compulsory purchase order 
 
 (k) Liens securing Refinancing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(p) , subject, to the extent required thereby, to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement provided that no such Lien extends to any asset not covered by the Lien securing the Indebtedness that is being refinanced unless (except in the case of Sections 6.01(a) , (x) and (z) , which shall be limited to the Collateral and in the case of Section 6.01(x) , the ABL Priority Collateral and other current assets of Restricted Subsidiaries that are borrowers or guarantors under the ABL Facility or ABL Incremental Equivalent Debt), such Lien is a Permitted Lien, except as otherwise provided in Section 6.01(p) 
 
 (l) (i) Liens existing, or pursuant to commitments existing, on the Closing Date provided , that any such Lien securing obligations on the Closing Date in excess of 5,000,000 shall be described on Schedule 6.02 and (ii) Liens securing ordinary course capital leases, purchase money indebtedness, equipment financings, performance bonds, bank guarantees, letters of credit, guarantees and surety bonds existing as of the Closing Date, which need not be described on Schedule 6.02 provided further that no such Lien extends to any additional property other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or financed by Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 , (B) proceeds and products thereof, accessions, replacements or additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.01(m) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates), and (C) Permitted Liens 
 
 (m) Liens arising out of Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted under Section 6.07 and securing Indebtedness Capital Lease Obligations arising from such Sale and Lease-Back Transactions 
 
 (n) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(m) provided that any such Lien shall encumber only the asset acquired with the proceeds of such Indebtedness and proceeds and products thereof, accessions, replacements or additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.01(m) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates) together with any other Permitted Liens 
 
 (o) (i) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(n) on the relevant acquired assets or on the Capital Stock and assets of the relevant newly acquired Restricted 
 139 

Subsidiary provided that no such Lien (x) extends to or covers any other assets (other than the proceeds or products thereof, accessions, replacements or additions thereto and improvements thereon) or (y) was created in contemplation of the applicable acquisition of assets or Capital Stock, and (ii) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (ii)(A) or (ii)(B) of the proviso in Section 6.01(q) subject, to the extent required thereby, to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement 
 
 (p) (i) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off or netting relating to (A) the establishment of depositary relations with banks not granted in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (B) pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary, (C) purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (D) commodity trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits, (iii) bankers Liens and rights and remedies as to Deposit Accounts, (iv) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 of the UCC on items in the ordinary course of business, (v) Liens in favor of banking or other financial institutions arising as a matter of law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institution s general terms and conditions, (vi) Liens on the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any transaction permitted hereunder, which proceeds have been deposited into an escrow account on customary terms to secure such Indebtedness pending the application of such proceeds to finance such transaction and (vii) Liens of the type described in the foregoing clauses (i) , (ii) , (iii) , (iv) and (v) securing obligations under Sections 6.01(f) and or 6.01(s) 
 
 (q) Liens on assets and Capital Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (including Capital Stock owned by such Persons but excluding any Capital Stock that is required to be pledged as Collateral) securing Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 
 
 (r) Liens securing obligations (other than obligations representing Indebtedness for borrowed money) under operating, reciprocal easement or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Parent Borrower and or its Restricted Subsidiaries 
 
 (s) Liens securing (i) Indebtedness (and related obligations) incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(x) provided that such Liens are subject to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement if secured on a Split Collateral Basis or an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement of the type described in clause (a) of the definition thereof if secured on a senior pari passu basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations, in each case, to the extent such Liens extend to the Collateral, and (ii) Indebtedness (and related obligations) incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(z) , subject, if applicable, to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement 
 
 (t) Liens on assets securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed (i) the sum of (A) the greater of 132,000,000 and 65.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (B) to the extent any amounts are reallocated from Section 6.04(a)(xi) to Section 6.01(u) , an amount equal to such reallocated amount, minus (ii) to the extent any amounts are reallocated from Section 6.01(u) to clause (d) of the Fixed Incremental Amount or Section 6.01(x) , an amount equal to such reallocated amount, subject, to the extent applicable, to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement 
 
 140 

(u) Liens on assets securing judgments, awards, attachments and or decrees and notices of lis pendens and associated rights relating to litigation being contested in good faith not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.01(h) 
 
 (v) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not (i) interfere in any material respect with the business of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) or (ii) secure any Indebtedness 
 (w) Liens on Securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting Investments permitted under Section 6.06 arising out of such repurchase transaction 
 
 (x) Liens securing obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments permitted under Sections 6.01(d) , (e) , (g) , (aa) , (cc) , (hh) and (ii) 
 
 (y) Liens arising (i) out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of any assets or property in the ordinary course of business and permitted by this Agreement or (ii) by operation of law under Article 2 of the UCC (or similar law of any jurisdiction) 
 
 (z) Liens (i) in favor of any Loan Party and or (ii) granted by any non-Loan Party in favor of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) , securing intercompany Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 
 
 (aa) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto 
 
 (bb) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and the proceeds thereof securing the relevant Person s obligations in respect of documentary letters of credit or banker s acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or goods 
 
 (cc) Liens securing (i) obligations under Hedge Agreements in connection with any Derivative Transaction of the type described in Section 6.01(s) and or (ii) obligations of the type described in Section 6.01(f) 
 
 (dd) (i) Liens on Capital Stock of joint ventures or Unrestricted Subsidiaries securing capital contributions to, or obligations of, such Persons and (ii) customary call put rights, rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements and agreements with respect to non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries 
 
 (ee) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents arising in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness 
 
 (ff) Liens evidenced by the filing of UCC financing statements relating to any factoring or similar arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (gg) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 6.01(w) , so long as the condition described in clause (i) or clause (ii) , as applicable, of Section 6.01(w) has been satisfied and subject, to the extent required thereby, to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement 
 
 (hh) Liens securing obligations permitted under Section 6.01(e) 
 141 

(ii) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 6.01(ii) , so long as such Liens only extend to the receivables and related assets subject to such factoring or similar arrangements 
 
 (jj) Liens arising out of (a) Specified Lease Transactions or (b) NMTC Transactions. 
 Section 6.03. No Further Negative Pledges . The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any agreement prohibiting the creation or assumption of any Lien upon any Collateral, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, for the benefit of the Secured Parties with respect to the Obligations, except with respect to 
 
 (a) specific property to be sold pursuant to any Disposition permitted by Section 6.07 
 (b) restrictions contained in any agreement with respect to Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 that is secured by a Permitted Lien, but only if such restrictions apply only to the Person or Persons obligated under such Indebtedness and its or their Restricted Subsidiaries or the property or assets securing such Indebtedness 
 
 (c) restrictions contained in any ABL Facility and the documentation governing Indebtedness permitted by clauses (i) , (j) , (m) , (n) , (p) , (q) , (u) , (w) , (x) , (z) and or (ii) of Section 6.01 , in each case, to the extent such restriction does not restrict the Secured Obligations from being secured by assets that constitute Collateral 
 
 (d) restrictions by reason of customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other transfers (including the granting of any Lien) contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses and other agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business provided that such restrictions are limited to the relevant leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses or other agreements and or the property or assets secured by such Liens or the property or assets subject to such leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses or other agreements, as the case may be) 
 
 (e) Permitted Liens and restrictions in the agreements relating thereto that limit the right of 
 Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to Dispose of, or encumber the assets subject to such Liens 
 
 (f) provisions limiting the Disposition or distribution of assets or property in joint venture agreements, sale-leaseback agreements, stock sale agreements and other similar agreements, which limitation is applicable only to the assets that are the subject of such agreements (or the Persons the Capital Stock of which is the subject of such agreement) 
 
 (g) any encumbrance or restriction assumed in connection with an acquisition of the property or Capital Stock of any Person, so long as such encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the property so acquired (or to the Person or Persons (and its or their subsidiaries) bound thereby) and was not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition 
 
 (h) restrictions imposed by customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited liability company organizational governance documents, joint venture agreements and other similar agreements that restrict the transfer of the assets of, or ownership interests in, the relevant partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or any similar Person 
 
 142 

(i) restrictions on Cash or other deposits imposed by Persons under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business or for whose benefit such Cash or other deposits exist 
 
 (j) restrictions set forth in documents which exist on the Closing Date 
 
 (k) restrictions set forth in any Loan Document, any Hedge Agreement and or any agreement relating to any Banking Services Obligation 
 
 (l) restrictions contained in documents governing Indebtedness permitted hereunder of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party 
 
 (m) restrictions on any asset (or all of the assets) of and or the Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary which is imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into in connection with any Disposition of such asset (or assets) and or all or a portion of the Capital Stock of the relevant Person that is permitted or not restricted by this Agreement 
 
 (n) restrictions set forth in any agreement relating to any Permitted Lien that limits the right of the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to Dispose of or encumber the assets subject thereto 
 
 (o) restrictions contained in any agreement with respect to any NMTC Transaction and 
 
 (p) restrictions or encumbrances imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (o) above provided that no such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Parent Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such encumbrances and other restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in effect prior to the relevant amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. 
 
 Section 6.04. Restricted Payments Certain Payments of Indebtedness . 
 
 (a) The Parent Borrower shall not pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that 
 
 (i) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments to the extent necessary to permit any Parent Company 
 
 (A) to pay general administrative costs and expenses (including corporate overhead, legal or similar expenses, expenses to prepare any Tax returns or defend any Tax claims, and customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers and or consultants of any Parent Company) and franchise fees and Taxes and similar fees, Taxes and expenses required to enable such Parent Company to maintain its organizational existence or qualification to do business, in each case, which are reasonable and customary and incurred in the ordinary course of business, plus any reasonable and customary indemnification claims made by directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees or consultants of any Parent Company, in each case, to the extent attributable to the 
 143 

ownership or operations of any Parent Company and its subsidiaries (but excluding the portion of such amount that is attributable to the ownership or operations of any subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Parent Borrower and its subsidiaries) 
 
 (B) to pay scheduled and overdue interest and payments as part of an AHYDO catch-up payment, in each case, in respect of any Indebtedness of any Parent Company to the extent the Net Proceeds thereof were contributed to the Parent Borrower 
 
 (C) to pay audit and other accounting and reporting expenses of such Parent Company to the extent attributable to any Parent Company (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such expenses, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Parent Borrower and or its subsidiaries), the Parent Borrower and its subsidiaries 
 
 (D) for the payment of insurance premiums to the extent attributable to any Parent Company (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such premiums, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Parent Borrower and or its subsidiaries), the Parent Borrower and its subsidiaries 
 
 (E) pay (x) fees and expenses related to debt or equity offerings by any Parent Company, investments or acquisitions permitted or not restricted by this Agreement (whether or not consummated) and (y) Public Company Costs 
 
 (F) to finance any Investment permitted under Section 6.06 provided that (x) any Restricted Payment under this clause (a)(i)(F) shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment and (y) the relevant Parent Company shall, promptly following the closing thereof, cause (I) all property acquired to be contributed to the Parent Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or (II) the merger, consolidation or amalgamation of the Person formed or acquired into the Parent Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in order to consummate such Investment in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 6.06 as if undertaken as a direct Investment by the Parent Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary) and 
 
 (G) to pay customary salary, bonus, severance and other benefits payable to current or former directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees or consultants of any Parent Company (or any Immediate Family Member of any of the foregoing) to the extent such salary, bonuses and other benefits are attributable and reasonably allocated to the operations of the Parent Borrower and or its subsidiaries, in each case, so long as such Parent Company applies the amount of any such Restricted Payment for such purpose 
 
 (ii) the Parent Borrower may pay (or make Restricted Payments to allow any Parent Company to pay) for the repurchase, redemption, retirement or other 
 144 

acquisition or retirement for value of Capital Stock of any Parent Company or any subsidiary held by any future, present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager or consultant (or any Affiliate or Immediate Family Member thereof) of any Parent Company, the Parent Borrower or any subsidiary 
 
 (A) in accordance with the terms of promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 6.01(o) , so long as the aggregate amount of all Cash payments made in respect of such promissory notes, together with the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made pursuant to sub-clause (D) of this clause (ii) below, does not exceed in any Fiscal Year the greater of 25,000,000 and 12.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, which, if not used in any Fiscal Year, may be carried forward to subsequent Fiscal Years 
 
 (B) with the proceeds of any sale or issuance of the Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower or any Parent Company (to the extent such proceeds are contributed in respect of Qualified Capital Stock to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) 
 
 (C) with the net proceeds of any key-man life insurance policies or 
 
 (D) with Cash and Cash Equivalents in an amount not to exceed in any Fiscal Year, together with the aggregate amount of all cash payments made pursuant to sub-clause (A) of this clause (ii) in respect of promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 6.01(o) , the greater of 25,000,000 and 12.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, which, if not used in any Fiscal Year, may be carried forward to subsequent Fiscal Years 
 
 (iii) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Parent Borrower elects to apply to this clause (iii) 
 
 (iv) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments (i) to any Parent Company to enable such Parent Company to make Cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock of such Parent Company and (ii) consisting of (A) payments made or expected to be made in respect of withholding or similar Taxes payable by any future, present or former officers, directors, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of the Parent Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company or any of their respective Immediate Family Members and or (B) repurchases of Capital Stock in consideration of the payments described in sub-clause (A) above, including demand repurchases in connection with the exercise of stock options 
 
 (v) the Parent Borrower may repurchase (or make Restricted Payments to any Parent Company to enable it to repurchase) Capital Stock upon the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock if such Capital Stock represents all or a portion of the exercise price of, or Tax withholdings with respect to, such warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock as part of a cashless exercise 
 145 

(vi) (A) for any taxable period (or portion thereof) that a Parent Company is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and for which a Borrower and or any of its subsidiaries are members (or are pass-through entities of such members) of a consolidated, combined, unitary or similar income Tax group for U.S. federal, state, local or foreign income Tax purposes (a Tax Group for which a parent is the common parent, the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments to such parent to pay the portion of any U.S. federal, state, local or foreign income Taxes (as applicable) of such parent for such taxable period that are attributable to the income of the Parent Borrower and or its applicable subsidiaries provided that the aggregate amount of such distributions shall not exceed the aggregate Taxes the Parent Borrower and or its subsidiaries, as applicable, would be required to pay in respect of such U.S. federal, state, local and foreign Taxes on a stand-alone consolidated basis for such taxable period provided further that the amount of such distributions with respect to any Unrestricted Subsidiary for any taxable period shall be limited to the amount actually paid by such Unrestricted Subsidiary to a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for such purpose and (B) without duplication of amounts payable under clause (A), the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments to pay the Taxes of such Tax Group attributable to the Performance Chemicals Sale 
 
 (vii) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments to consummate the Permitted Restructuring and to pay Transaction Costs 
 
 (viii) so long as no Event of Default exists at the time of declaration of such Restricted Payment the Parent Borrower may (or may make Restricted Payments to any Parent Company to enable it to) make Restricted Payments with respect to any Capital Stock not to exceed an aggregate amount per annum equal to the sum of (A) 30,000,000 and (B) an amount equal to 7 of Market Capitalization 
 
 (ix) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments to (i) redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire any (A) Capital Stock Treasury Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary or (B) Capital Stock of any Parent Company, in the case of each of subclauses (A) and (B) , in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary) of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower or any Parent Company to the extent any such proceeds are contributed to the capital of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Qualified Capital Stock Refunding Capital Stock and (ii) declare and pay dividends on any Treasury Capital Stock out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Parent Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) of any Refunding Capital Stock 
 
 (x) to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, the Parent Borrower may consummate any transaction permitted by Section 6.06 (other than Sections 6.06(j) and (t) ), Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(g) and Section 6.09 (other than Section 6.09(d) 
 
 (xi) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of 71,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA minus the sum of (A) any amounts under this Section 6.04(a)(xi) reallocated to make Restricted Debt Payments pursuant to Section 6.04(b)(iv) (B) any amounts under this Section 6.04(a)(xi) reallocated to make Investments pursuant to Section 6.06(q) , and (C) any amounts under this Section 6.04(a)(xi) reallocated to incur Indebtedness pursuant to Section 6.01(u) (which may be further reallocated as provided therein) 
 146 

(xii) the Parent Borrower may pay any dividend or consummate any redemption within sixty (60) days after the date of the declaration thereof or the provision of a redemption notice with respect thereto, as the case may be, if at the date of such declaration or notice, the dividend or redemption notice would have complied with the provisions hereof 
 
 (xiii) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments so long as (A) no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom and (B) the Total Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis at the time of declaration thereof, would not exceed 4.50 1.00 
 
 (xiv) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments to enable any Parent Company to make Restricted Payments solely in the Qualified Capital Stock of such Parent Company 
 
 (xv) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments (A) to pay amounts permitted under Section 6.09(f) , (g) , (h) , (i) , (k) and (m) and (B) otherwise in an amount not to exceed 500,000 per calendar year 
 
 (xvi) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments in the form of Capital Stock of, or Indebtedness owed to Holdings, the Parent Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary by, Unrestricted Subsidiaries (other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries, the primary assets of which are Cash and Cash Equivalents (except to the extent constituting proceeds from the Disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of such Unrestricted Subsidiary) and or intellectual property material (as determined by the Parent Borrower in good faith) to the business of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) and 
 
 (xvii) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed 450,000,000 (the Special Dividend ). 
 
 (b) The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make any payment (whether in Cash, securities or other property) on or in respect of principal of (x) any Junior Lien Indebtedness or (y) any Subordinated Indebtedness, in each cases of clauses (x) and (y) , with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (such Indebtedness under clauses (x) and (y) , in each case, with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, the Restricted Debt ), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Restricted Debt prior to its scheduled maturity (collectively, Restricted Debt Payments ), except 
 
 (i) any purchase, defeasance, redemption, repurchase, repayment or other acquisition or retirement of any Restricted Debt made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 (except to the extent subject to clause (iv)(C) of the proviso to Section 6.01(p) 
 
 (ii) payments as part of an AHYDO catch-up payment 
 
 (iii) payments of regularly scheduled interest as and when due in respect of any Restricted Debt, except for any payments with respect to any such Subordinated Indebtedness that are prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof 
 
 147 

(iv) so long as, at the time of delivery of irrevocable notice with respect thereto, no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed (i) the sum of (A) the greater of 71,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (B) any amounts reallocated to this Section 6.04(b)(iv) from Section 6.04(a)(xi) and Section 6.06(q) , minus (ii) any amounts reallocated from this Section 6.04(b)(iv) to make Investments pursuant to Section 6.06(q) 
 
 (v) (A) Restricted Debt Payments in exchange for, or with proceeds of any issuance of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary and or any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (B) Restricted Debt Payments as a result of the conversion of all or any portion of any Restricted Debt into Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary and (C) to the extent constituting a Restricted Debt Payment, payment-in-kind interest with respect to any Restricted Debt that is permitted under Section 6.01 
 
 (vi) Restricted Debt Payments in an amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Parent Borrower elects to apply to this clause (vi) 
 
 (vii) Restricted Debt Payments provided that the Total Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, would not exceed 4.50 1.00 
 
 (viii) mandatory prepayments of Restricted Debt (and related payments of interest) made with Declined Proceeds (it being understood that any Declined Proceeds applied to make Restricted Debt Payments in reliance on this Section 6.04(b)(viii) shall not increase the amount available under clause (a)(viii) of the definition of Available Amount to the extent so applied) 
 
 (ix) Restricted Debt Payments with respect to any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any NMTC Transaction and 
 
 (x) Restricted Debt Payments to consummate the Permitted Restructuring. 
 
 Section 6.05. Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions . Except as provided herein or in any other Loan Document, the ABL Facility Documentation, any document with respect to any Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined herein) and or in agreements with respect to refinancings, renewals or replacements of such Indebtedness that are permitted by Section 6.01 , the Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into or cause to exist any agreement restricting the ability of (i) any subsidiary of the Parent Borrower to pay dividends or other distributions to the Parent Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor or (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary to make cash loans or advances to the Parent Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, except 
 
 (a) in any agreement evidencing (i) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party permitted by Section 6.01 , (ii) Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 that is secured by a Permitted Lien if the relevant restriction applies only to the Person obligated under such Indebtedness and its Restricted Subsidiaries or the property or assets intended to secure such Indebtedness and (iii) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to clauses (i) , (j) , (m) , (n) , (p) , (q) , (u) , (w) , (x) and or (z) of Section 6.01 
 
 148 

(b) by reason of customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other transfers (including the granting of any Lien) contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, joint venture agreements and similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) that are or were created by virtue of any Lien granted upon, transfer of, agreement to transfer or grant of, any option or right with respect to any property, assets or Capital Stock not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement 
 
 (d) assumed in connection with any acquisition of property or the Capital Stock of any Person, so long as the relevant encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the Person and its subsidiaries (including the Capital Stock of the relevant Person or Persons) and or property so acquired (or to the Person or Persons (and its or their subsidiaries) bound thereby) and was not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition 
 
 (e) in any agreement for any Disposition of any Restricted Subsidiary (or all or substantially all of the property and or assets thereof) that restricts the payment of dividends or other distributions or the making of cash loans or advances by such Restricted Subsidiary pending such Disposition 
 (f) in provisions in agreements or instruments which prohibit the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions with respect to any class of Capital Stock of a Person other than on a pro rata basis 
 
 (g) imposed by customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited liability company organizational governance documents, joint venture agreements, sale-leaseback agreements, stock sale agreements and other similar agreements 
 
 (h) on Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions imposed by any Person under any contract entered into in the ordinary course of business or for whose benefit such Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions exist 
 
 (i) set forth in documents which exist on the Closing Date and not created in contemplation thereof 
 
 (j) those arising pursuant to an agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred after the Closing Date if the relevant restrictions, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the Lenders than the restrictions contained in this Agreement, taken as a whole (as determined in good faith by the Parent Borrower) 
 
 (k) those arising under or as a result of applicable law, rule, regulation or order or the terms of any license, authorization, concession or permit 
 
 (l) those arising in any Loan Document and or any Loan Document (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement), any Hedge Agreement and or any agreement relating to any Banking Services Obligation 
 
 (m) any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 provided that no such restrictions are, in the good faith judgment of the Parent Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in any Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date (including under this Agreement and the ABL Credit Agreement) 
 
 (n) in any agreement with respect to any NMTC Transaction and or 
 
 149 

(o) those imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of any contract, instrument or obligation referred to in clauses (a) through (o) above provided that no such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Parent Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in existence prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. 
 
 Section 6.06. Investments . The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make or own any Investment in any other Person except 
 
 (a) Cash or Investments that were Cash Equivalents at the time made 
 
 (b) (i) Investments existing on the Closing Date in any subsidiary and (ii) Investments among the Parent Borrower and or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries in any Loan Party (other than Holdings) or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower 
 
 (c) Investments (i) constituting deposits, prepayments and or other credits to suppliers, (ii) made in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client and customer contracts and or (iii) in the form of advances made to distributors, suppliers, licensors and licensees, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or, in the case of clause (iii) , to the extent necessary to maintain the ordinary course of supplies to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 
 (d) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries or in joint ventures (including in connection with the creation, formation and or acquisition of any joint venture, or in any Restricted Subsidiary to enable such Restricted Subsidiary to make an Investment in joint ventures, including to create, form and or acquire any joint venture) in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of 92,000,000 and 45.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 (e) Permitted Acquisitions 
 
 (f) Investments (i) existing on, or contractually committed to or contemplated as of, the Closing Date, which, to the extent individually greater than 5,000,000 are described on Schedule 6.06 and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment described in clause (i) above so long as no such modification, renewal or extension thereof increases the amount of such Investment except by the terms thereof or as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06 
 
 (g) Investments received in lieu of Cash in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 6.07 or any other disposition of assets not constituting a Disposition 
 
 (h) loans or advances to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers or consultants or independent contractors (or their respective Immediate Family Members) of any Parent Company, the Parent Borrower and its subsidiaries and or any joint venture to the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, in connection with such Person s purchase of Capital Stock of any Parent Company, either (i) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of 11,000,000 and 5.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA at any one time outstanding or (ii) so long as the proceeds of such loan or advance are substantially contemporaneously contributed to the Parent Borrower for the purchase of such Capital Stock 
 
 150 

(i) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (j) Investments consisting of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 (other than Indebtedness permitted under Sections 6.01(b and (h) ), Permitted Liens, Restricted Payments permitted under Section 6.04 (other than Section 6.04(a)(x) ), Restricted Debt Payments permitted by Section 6.04 and mergers, consolidations, amalgamations, liquidations, windings up, dissolutions or Dispositions permitted by Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(a) (if made in reliance on subclause (ii)(y) of the proviso thereto), Section 6.07(c)(ii) (if made in reliance on clause (B) therein) and Section 6.07(g)) and affiliate transactions permitted by Section 6.09 (other than Section 6.09(d) 
 
 (k) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit and customary trade arrangements with customers 
 
 (l) Investments (including debt obligations and Capital Stock) received (i) in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Person, (ii) in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers, suppliers and other account debtors arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) upon foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment and or (iv) as a result of the settlement, compromise, resolution of litigation, arbitration or other disputes 
 
 (m) loans and advances of payroll payments or other compensation to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers or consultants of any Parent Company (to the extent such payments or other compensation relate to services provided to such Parent Company (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such amount, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Parent Borrower and or its subsidiaries)), the Parent Borrower and or any subsidiary in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (n) Investments to the extent that payment therefor is made solely with Capital Stock of any Parent Company or Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent not resulting in a Change of Control 
 
 (o) (i) Investments of any Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date, or of any Person acquired by, or merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, in each case as part of an Investment otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06 to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of the relevant acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment permitted under clause (i) of this Section 6.06(o) so long as no such modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof increases the amount of such Investment except as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06 
 
 (p) Investments made in connection with the Transactions 
 
 (q) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Parent Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding an amount equal to (i) the sum of (A) the greater of 132,000,000 and 65.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, (B) any amounts reallocated to this Section 6.06(q) from Section 6.04(a)(xi) and Section 6.04(b)(iv) , and (C) with respect to any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent 
 151 

Borrower if the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries made an Investment in such Person after the Closing Date prior to such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, the Fair Market Value of such Investments as of the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, minus (ii) any amounts reallocated from this Section 6.06(q) to make Restricted Debt Payments pursuant to Section 6.04(b)(iv) 
 
 (r) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Parent Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Parent Borrower elects to apply to this clause (r) 
 
 (s) (i) Guarantees of leases (other than Capital Leases) or of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness and (ii) Guarantees of the lease obligations of suppliers, customers, franchisees and licensees of the Parent Borrower and or its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (t) Investments in any Parent Company in amounts and for purposes for which Restricted Payments to such Parent Company are permitted under Section 6.04(a) provided that any Investment made as provided above in lieu of any such Restricted Payment shall reduce availability under the applicable Restricted Payment basket under Section 6.04(a) 
 
 (u) reserved 
 
 (v) Investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures in connection with reorganizations and related activities related to tax planning provided that, after giving effect to any such reorganization and or related activity, the security interest of the Administrative Agent in the Collateral, taken as a whole, is not materially impaired 
 
 (w) Investments under any Derivative Transaction of the type permitted under Section 6.01(s) 
 
 (x) reserved 
 
 (y) Investments made in joint ventures as required by, or made pursuant to, buy sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture agreements and similar binding arrangements in effect on the Closing Date (other than any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of such Investments so long as no such modification, renewal or extension thereof increased the amount of any such Investment except by the terms thereof or as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06 
 
 (z) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities (whether or not such amounts are then being amortized and paid) to the extent that they are permitted to remain unfunded under applicable law 
 
 (aa) Investments in any Borrower, any subsidiary and or any joint venture in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements and related activities in the ordinary course of business 
 (bb) Investments so long as, after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis, the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 5.00 1.00 
 
 (cc) Investments consisting of the licensing or contribution of IP Rights pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons 
 
 152 

(dd) Investments in similar businesses in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of 132,000,000 and 65.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and 
 
 (ee) Investments made in connection with any NMTC Transaction and 
 
 (ff) Investments made to consummate the Permitted Restructuring. 
 
 Section 6.07. Fundamental Changes Disposition of Assets . The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction of merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve themselves (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or make any Disposition of any assets in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, except 
 
 (a) any Restricted Subsidiary may be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Parent Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary provided that (i) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or into the Parent Borrower, (A) the Parent Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (B) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation is not the Parent Borrower (any such Person, the Successor Borrower ), (x) the Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or existing under the law of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (y) the Successor Borrower shall expressly assume the Obligations of the Parent Borrower in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and concurrently with the consummation of such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, 100 of the Capital Stock of the Successor Borrower shall be pledged to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and (z)(1) except as the Administrative Agent may otherwise agree, each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, shall have executed and delivered a reaffirmation agreement with respect to its obligations under the Loan Guaranty and the other Loan Documents and (2) upon its reasonable request, the Administrative Agent shall have received customary legal opinions it being understood and agreed that if the foregoing conditions under clauses (x) through (z) are satisfied, the Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, the Parent Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (ii) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or into any Subsidiary Guarantor, either (x) such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving Person or the continuing or surviving Person shall expressly assume the guarantee obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantor in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or (y) the relevant transaction shall be treated as an Investment and shall comply with Section 6.06 provided , further , that any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Ecovyst) may be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Parent Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary in connection with the Permitted Restructuring 
 
 (b) Dispositions (including of Capital Stock) among the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) provided that any such Disposition by any Loan Party to any Person that is not a Loan Party shall be (i) for Fair Market Value with at least 75 of the consideration for such Disposition consisting of Cash or Cash Equivalents at the time of such Disposition or (ii) treated as an Investment and otherwise made in compliance with Section 6.06 (other than in reliance on clause (j) thereof) 
 
 (c) (i) the liquidation or dissolution of any Restricted Subsidiary if the Parent Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Parent Borrower, is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary receives any assets of the relevant dissolved or liquidated Restricted Subsidiary provided that in the case of any liquidation or dissolution of any Loan Party that results 
 153 

in a distribution of assets to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, such distribution shall be treated as an Investment and shall comply with Section 6.06 (other than in reliance on clause (j) thereof) (ii) any merger, amalgamation, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation, the purpose of which is to effect (A) any Disposition otherwise permitted under this Section 6.07 (other than clause (a) , clause (b) or this clause (c) or (B) any Investment permitted under Section 6.06 and (iii) the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may be converted into another form of entity, in each case, so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the value of the Loan Guaranty or Collateral, if any 
 
 (d) (x) Dispositions of inventory or equipment in the ordinary course of business (including on an intercompany basis) and (y) the leasing or subleasing of real property in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (e) Dispositions of surplus, obsolete, used or worn out property or other property that, in the reasonable judgment of the Parent Borrower, is (A) no longer useful in its business (or in the business of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower) or (B) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain 
 
 (f) Dispositions of Cash Equivalents or other assets that were Cash Equivalents when the relevant original Investment was made 
 
 (g) Dispositions, mergers, amalgamations, consolidations or conveyances that constitute Investments permitted pursuant to Section 6.06 (other than Section 6.06(j) ), Permitted Liens and Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.04(a) (other than Section 6.04(a)(ix) 
 
 (h) Dispositions for Fair Market Value provided that with respect to any such Disposition with a purchase price in excess of the greater of 81,000,000 and 40.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, at least 75 of the consideration for such Disposition shall consist of Cash or Cash Equivalents provided , that for purposes of the 75 Cash consideration requirement, (w) the amount of any Indebtedness or other liabilities (other than Indebtedness or other liabilities that are subordinated to the Obligations or that are owed to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (as shown on such Person s most recent balance sheet or statement of financial position (or in the notes thereto)) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets and for which the Parent Borrower and or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary have been validly released by all relevant creditors in writing, (x) the amount of any trade-in value applied to the purchase price of any replacement assets acquired in connection with such Disposition, (y) any Securities received by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by such Person into Cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the Cash or Cash Equivalents received) within one hundred eighty (180) days following the closing of the applicable Disposition and (z) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received in respect of such Disposition having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (z) that is at that time outstanding, not in excess of the greater of 81,000,000 and 40.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case, shall be deemed to be Cash provided , further , that (x) on the date on which the agreement governing such Disposition is executed, no Event of Default shall exist and (y) the Net Proceeds of such Disposition shall be applied and or reinvested as (and to the extent) required by Section 2.11(b)(ii) 
 
 (i) to the extent that (i) the relevant property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property 
 
 154 

(j) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, buy sell arrangements between joint venture or similar parties set forth in the relevant joint venture arrangements and or similar binding arrangements 
 
 (k) Dispositions of accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business (including any discount and or forgiveness thereof) and any factoring or similar arrangement or in connection with the collection or compromise of any of the foregoing 
 
 (l) Dispositions and or terminations of leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under any open source license), which (i) do not materially interfere with the business of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) relate to closed facilities or the discontinuation of any product line 
 
 (m) (i) any termination of any lease in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any expiration of any option agreement in respect of real or personal property and (iii) any surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or surrender of contractual rights or litigation claims (including in tort) in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (n) Dispositions of property subject to foreclosure, casualty, eminent domain or condemnation proceedings (including in lieu thereof or any similar proceeding) 
 
 (o) Dispositions or consignments of equipment, inventory or other assets (including leasehold interests in real property) with respect to facilities that are temporarily not in use, held for sale or closed 
 
 (p) Dispositions in connection with the Transactions 
 
 (q) Dispositions of non-core assets acquired in connection with any acquisition permitted hereunder and sales of Real Estate Assets acquired in any acquisition permitted hereunder provided that (i) the Net Proceeds received in connection with any such Disposition shall be applied and or reinvested as (and to the extent required) by Section 2.11(b)(ii) and (ii) no Event of Default exists on the date on which the definitive agreement governing the relevant Disposition is executed 
 
 (r) exchanges or swaps, including transactions covered by Section 1031 of the Code (or any comparable provision of any foreign jurisdiction), of property or assets so long as any such exchange or swap is made for fair value (as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower) for like property or assets provided that (i) upon the consummation of any such exchange or swap by any Loan Party, to the extent the property received does not constitute an Excluded Asset, the Administrative Agent has a perfected Lien with the same priority as the Lien held on the Real Estate Assets so exchanged or swapped and (ii) any Net Proceeds received as cash boot in connection with any such transaction shall be applied and or reinvested as (and to the extent required) by Section 2.11(b)(ii) 
 
 (s) Dispositions set forth on Schedule 6.07(s) 
 
 (t) (i) licensing and cross-licensing arrangements involving any technology, intellectual property or IP Rights of the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (ii) Dispositions, abandonments, cancellations or lapses of IP Rights, or issuances or registrations, or applications for issuances or registrations, of IP Rights, which, in the reasonable good faith determination of the Parent Borrower, are not material to the conduct of the business of the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, or are no longer economical to maintain in light of its use 
 155 

(u) terminations or unwinds of Derivative Transactions 
 
 (v) Dispositions of Capital Stock of, or sales of Indebtedness or other Securities of, Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 
 (w) Dispositions of Real Estate Assets and related assets in the ordinary course of business in connection with relocation activities for directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of any Parent Company, the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 
 (x) Dispositions made to comply with any order of any agency of the U.S. Federal government, any state, authority or other regulatory body or any applicable Requirement of Law 
 
 (y) any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, Disposition or conveyance the sole purpose of which is to reincorporate or reorganize (i) any Domestic Subsidiary in another jurisdiction in the U.S. and or (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary in the U.S. or any other jurisdiction 
 
 (z) any sale of motor vehicles and information technology equipment purchased at the end of an operating lease and resold thereafter 
 
 (aa) Dispositions involving assets having a Fair Market Value in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year of not more than the greater of 71,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, which if not used in any Fiscal Year, may be carried forward to subsequent Fiscal Years 
 
 (bb) Sale and Lease-Back Transactions of assets having a Fair Market Value in the aggregate of not more than the greater of 102,000,000 and 50.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 (cc) Dispositions or conveyances that arise out of or relate to any (i) Specified Lease Transaction or (ii) NMTC Transaction 
 
 (dd) Dispositions or conveyances to consummate the Permitted Restructuring and 
 
 (ee) the Performance Chemicals Sale. 
 
 To the extent that any Collateral is Disposed of as expressly permitted by this Section 6.07 to any Person other than a Loan Party, such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents, which Liens shall be automatically released upon the consummation of such Disposition it being understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to take, and shall take, any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect the foregoing in accordance with Section 8.01 . 
 
 Section 6.08. Reserved . 
 
 Section 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates . The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) involving payment in excess of 20,000,000 with any of their respective Affiliates on terms that are less favorable to the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be (as reasonably determined by the Parent 
 156 

Borrower), than those that might be obtained at the time in a comparable arm s-length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to 
 
 (a) any transaction between or among Holdings, the Parent Borrower and or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries (or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction) to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement 
 
 (b) any issuance, sale or grant of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of employment arrangements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of any Parent Company or of the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 
 (c) (i) any collective bargaining, employment or severance agreement or compensatory (including profit sharing) arrangement entered into by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with their respective current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or those of any Parent Company, (ii) any subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Capital Stock pursuant to put call rights or similar rights with current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors and (iii) transactions pursuant to any employee compensation, benefit plan, stock option plan or arrangement, any health, disability or similar insurance plan which covers current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or any employment contract or arrangement 
 
 (d) (i) transactions permitted by Sections 6.01 , 6.02 , 6.04 , 6.06 and 6.07 and (ii) issuances of Capital Stock and Indebtedness not restricted by this Agreement 
 
 (e) transactions in existence on the Closing Date or pursuant to any agreements or arrangements in effect on the Closing Date and any amendment, modification or extension thereof to the extent such amendment, modification or extension, taken as a whole, is not (i) materially adverse to the Lenders or (ii) more disadvantageous to the Lenders than the relevant transaction in existence on the Closing Date 
 
 (f) the payment or reimbursement of all indemnification obligations and expenses owed to any Investor and any of their respective directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees and consultants pursuant to any reimbursement agreement or reimbursement arrangement entered into by a Borrower (and or Holdings and any Parent Company) whether currently due or paid in respect of accruals from prior periods 
 
 (g) the Existing Credit Agreement Transactions and the Transactions, including the payment of Existing Credit Agreement Transaction Costs, Transaction Costs and payments required in connection with the Permitted Restructuring 
 
 (h) customary compensation to Affiliates in connection with financial advisory, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities and other transaction fees, which payments are approved by the majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) or a majority of the disinterested members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Parent Borrower in good faith 
 
 (i) transactions and payments required under the definitive agreement for any acquisition or Investment permitted under this Agreement (to the extent any seller, employee, officer or director of the acquired entities becomes an Affiliate in connection with such transaction) 
 157 

(j) transactions among the Loan Parties to the extent permitted under this Article VI 
 
 (k) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, members of the board of directors (or similar governing body), officers, employees, members of management, managers, consultants and independent contractors of the Parent Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and, in the case of payments to such Person in such capacity on behalf of any Parent Company, to the extent attributable to the operations of the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries 
 
 (l) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, joint ventures, purchasers or sellers of goods or services or providers of employees or other labor entered into in the ordinary course of business, which are (i) fair to the Parent Borrower and or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary in the good faith determination of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Parent Borrower or the senior management thereof or (ii) on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably be obtained from a Person other than an Affiliate 
 
 (m) the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses related to registration rights and customary indemnities provided to shareholders under any shareholder agreement 
 
 (n) (i) any purchase by Holdings of the Capital Stock of (or contribution to the equity capital of) the Parent Borrower and (ii) any intercompany loans made by Holdings to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and 
 
 (o) any transaction in respect of which the Parent Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter addressed to the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Parent Borrower from an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm of nationally recognized standing stating that such transaction is on terms that are no less favorable to the Parent Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary than might be obtained at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate. 
 
 Section 6.10. Conduct of Business . From and after the Closing Date, the Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, engage in any material line of business other than (a) the businesses engaged in by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary on the Closing Date and similar, complementary, ancillary or related businesses and (b) such other lines of business to which the Administrative Agent may consent. 
 
 Section 6.11. Reserved . 
 
 Section 6.12. Amendments of or Waivers with Respect to Restricted Debt . The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, amend or otherwise modify the terms of any Junior Lien Indebtedness constituting Restricted Debt (or the documentation governing any Junior Lien Indebtedness constituting Restricted Debt) if the effect of such amendment or modification, together with all other amendments or modifications made, is in the reasonable judgment of the Parent Borrower materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (in their capacities as such) provided that, (a) for purposes of clarity, it is understood and agreed that the foregoing limitation shall not otherwise prohibit any Refinancing Indebtedness or any other replacement, refinancing, amendment, supplement, modification, extension, renewal, restatement or refunding of any Restricted Debt, in each case, that is permitted under this Agreement in respect thereof, and (b) at the request of the Parent Borrower, the form of any documentation governing any 
 158 

Junior Lien Indebtedness constituting Restricted Debt shall be deemed acceptable to the Lenders if posted to the Lenders and not objected to by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days thereafter. 
 
 Section 6.13. Fiscal Year . The Parent Borrower shall not change its Fiscal Year-end provided that, the Parent Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change the Fiscal Year-end of the Parent Borrower to end on a specific date e.g. December 31) or adopt another fiscal calendar, in which case the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary to reflect such change in Fiscal Year. 
 
 Section 6.14. Permitted Activities of Holdings . Holdings shall not 
 
 (a) incur any Indebtedness for borrowed money other than (i) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents, any ABL Facility or otherwise in connection with the Transactions, (ii) Indebtedness of the type permitted under Sections 6.01(a) , (o) and (z) and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof (including any Guarantees thereof) and (iii) Guarantees of (x) Indebtedness or other obligations of the Parent Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary that are otherwise permitted hereunder and (y) Indebtedness or other obligations under any ABL Facility 
 
 (b) create or suffer to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired other than (i) the Liens securing Indebtedness of the type permitted under Sections 6.01(a) , (o) , (x) and (z) and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof (including any Guarantees thereof), subject, if applicable, to the Intercreditor Agreements (and any other Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), (ii) any other Lien created in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement Transactions or the Transactions, (iii) Permitted Liens on the Collateral that are secured on a pari passu or junior basis with the Secured Obligations, so long as such Permitted Liens secure Guarantees permitted under clause (a)(iii) above and the underlying Indebtedness subject to such Guarantee is permitted to be secured on the same basis pursuant to Section 6.02 and (iv) Liens of the type permitted under Section 6.02 (other than in respect of debt for borrowed money) 
 
 (c) engage in any business activity or own any material assets other than (i) directly or indirectly holding the Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower and any subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, (ii) performing its obligations under the Loan Documents, any ABL Facility and other Indebtedness, Liens (including the granting of Liens) and Guarantees permitted to be incurred, granted or made, as applicable, by it hereunder and any permitted refinancing thereof (iii) issuing its own Capital Stock (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the making of any dividend or distribution on account of, or any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value of, any shares of any class of Capital Stock) (iv) filing Tax reports and paying Taxes and other customary obligations in the ordinary course (and contesting any Taxes) (v) preparing reports to Governmental Authorities and to its shareholders (vi) holding director and shareholder meetings, preparing organizational records and other organizational activities required to maintain its separate organizational structure or to comply with applicable Requirements of Law (vii) effecting the Transactions (viii) holding (A) Cash, Cash Equivalents and other assets received in connection with permitted distributions or dividends received from, or permitted Investments or permitted Dispositions made by, any of its subsidiaries or permitted contributions to the capital of, or proceeds from the issuance of Capital Stock or debt securities of, Holdings or any Parent Company pending the application thereof and (B) the proceeds of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by it hereunder (ix) providing indemnification for its officers, directors, members of management, employees and advisors or consultants (x) participating in tax, accounting and other administrative matters (xi) making payments of the type permitted under Section 6.09(f) and the performance of its obligations under any document, agreement and or Investment contemplated by the Existing Credit 
 159 

Agreement Transactions or the Transactions or otherwise not prohibited under this Agreement (xii) complying with applicable Requirements of Law (including with respect to the maintenance of its existence) (xiii) making and holding intercompany loans to Holdings, the Parent Borrower and or the Restricted Subsidiaries of the Parent Borrower, as applicable (xiv) making and holding Investments of the type permitted under Section 6.06(h) (xv) making Investments directly or indirectly in the Parent Borrower (and other Investment contemplated by Section 6.04(a) and making any Restricted Payment (assuming for such purpose that the definition thereof applies to the Capital Stock of Holdings)), and (xvi) activities incidental to any of the foregoing or 
 
 (d) consolidate or amalgamate with, or merge with or into, or convey, sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets to, any Person provided that, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, (A) Holdings may consolidate or amalgamate with, or merge with or into, any other Person (other than the Parent Borrower and any of its subsidiaries) so long as (i) Holdings is the continuing or surviving Person or (ii) if the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, amalgamation or merger is not Holdings, (x) the successor Person expressly assumes all obligations of Holdings under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Holdings is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto and or thereto in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (y) the Parent Borrower delivers a certificate of a Responsible Officer with respect to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in clause (x) of this clause (A) , (B) Holdings may convey, sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets (including the Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower) to any other Person so long as (w) no Change of Control results therefrom, (x)(1) the Person acquiring such assets expressly assumes all of the obligations of Holdings under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Holdings is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto and or thereto in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (2) concurrently with the consummation of such transfer, causes 100 of the Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower to be pledged to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and (y) the Parent Borrower delivers a certificate of a Responsible Officer with respect to the satisfaction of the conditions under clause (w) set forth in this clause (B) and (z) upon its reasonable request, the Administrative Agent shall have received a customary legal opinion provided , further , that if the conditions set forth in the preceding proviso are satisfied, the successor to Holdings will succeed to, and be substituted for, Holdings under this Agreement and Holdings shall be released from all obligations under the Loan Documents, and (C) Holdings may convert into another form of entity so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the value of the Loan Guaranty or the pledge of the Capital Stock in the Parent Borrower 
 
 provided , that notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.14 , Holdings may incur any Indebtedness, own material assets, and consolidate or amalgamate with, or merge with or into, or convey, sell or otherwise transfer assets to any Person, in each case, in connection with the Permitted Restructuring 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 Section 7.01. Events of Default . If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default shall occur 
 
 (a) Failure To Make Payments When Due . Failure by any Borrower to pay (i) any installment of principal of any Loan when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, by notice of voluntary prepayment, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise or (ii) any interest on any 
 160 

Loan or any fee or any other amount due hereunder within five (5) Business Days after the date due or 
 
 (b) Default in Other Agreements . (i) Failure by any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to pay when due any principal of or interest on or any other amount payable in respect of one or more items of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness referred to in clause (a) above) with an aggregate outstanding principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, in each case beyond the grace period, if any, provided therefor or (ii) breach or event of default by any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any other term of (A) one or more items of Indebtedness with an aggregate outstanding principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount or (B) any loan agreement, mortgage, indenture or other agreement relating to such item(s) of Indebtedness (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to Indebtedness consisting of Hedging Obligations, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement which are not the result of any default thereunder by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary), in each case, beyond the grace or cure period, if any, provided therefor, but solely to the extent the effect of such breach or event of default is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, such Indebtedness to become or be declared due and payable (or mandatorily redeemable) prior to its stated maturity or the stated maturity of any underlying obligation, as the case may be provided that clause (ii) of this paragraph (b) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property securing such Indebtedness if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder provided , further , that any failure described under clause (i) or (ii) above is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness prior to any termination of the Commitments or acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Article VII provided , still further , that notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.01(b) , any financial maintenance covenants in any ABL Facility or any other revolving credit facility shall be solely for the benefit of the lenders under such ABL Facility or other revolving credit facility, and any breach or violation of any such financial maintenance covenants (x) may be subject to cure rights and (y) shall not be or constitute a Default or Event of Default with respect to any Term Facility unless and until the lenders under such ABL Facility or other revolving credit facility have declared all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable and terminated all outstanding commitments to provide revolving credit extensions thereunder in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such ABL Facility or other revolving credit facility and such declaration has not been rescinded provided , still further , that notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.01(b) , any technical breach(es), default(s) or event(s) of default under the Existing Credit Agreement or the 2025 Senior Unsecured Note Documents existing on the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date and resulting from the Performance Chemicals Sale shall not constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement or 
 
 (c) Breach of Certain Covenants . Failure of any Loan Party, as required by the relevant provision, to perform or comply with any term or condition contained in Section 5.01(e)(i) , Section 5.02 (solely as it applies to the preservation of the existence of the Parent Borrower), or Article VI provided , that notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.01(c) , any financial maintenance covenants included in any Incremental Facility Amendments in connection with any Additional Revolving Facilities shall be solely for the benefit of the Lenders under such Additional Revolving Facilities, and any breach or violation of any such financial maintenance covenants (x) may be subject to cure rights and (y) shall not be or constitute a Default or Event of Default with respect to any Term Facility unless and until the Lenders under such Additional Revolving Facilities have declared all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable and terminated all outstanding commitments to provide revolving credit extensions thereunder in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and such declaration has not been rescinded or 
 161 

(d) Breach of Representations, Etc . Any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made by any Loan Party in any Loan Document or in any certificate required to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Perfection Certificate and any Perfection Certificate Supplement) being untrue in any material respect as of the date made or deemed made, it being understood and agreed that any breach of representation, warranty or certification resulting from the failure of the Administrative Agent to file any Uniform Commercial Code continuation statement shall not result in an Event of Default under this Section 7.01(d) or any other provision of any Loan Document or 
 
 (e) Other Defaults Under Loan Documents . Default by any Loan Party in the performance of or compliance with any term contained herein or any of the other Loan Documents, other than any such term referred to in any other Section of this Article VII , which default has not been remedied or waived within thirty (30) days (as may be extended to sixty (60) days by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after receipt by the Parent Borrower of written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent or 
 
 (f) Involuntary Bankruptcy Appointment of Receiver, Etc . (i) The entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of a decree or order for relief in respect of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) in an involuntary case under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, which decree or order is not stayed or any other similar relief shall be granted under any applicable federal, state or local law or (ii) the commencement of an involuntary case against Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) under any Debtor Relief Law the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for the appointment of a receiver, receiver and manager, (preliminary) insolvency receiver, liquidator, sequestrator, trustee, custodian or other officer having similar powers over Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary), or over all or a substantial part of its property or the involuntary appointment of an interim receiver, trustee or other custodian of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) for all or a substantial part of its property, which remains undismissed, unvacated, unbounded or unstayed pending appeal for sixty (60) consecutive days or 
 
 (g) Voluntary Bankruptcy Appointment of Receiver, Etc . (i) The entry against Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of an order for relief, the commencement by Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of a voluntary case under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case or to the conversion of an involuntary case to a voluntary case, under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, receiver and manager, trustee or other custodian for all or a substantial part of its property (ii) the making by Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (iii) the admission by Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) in writing of their inability to pay their respective debts as such debts become due or 
 
 (h) Judgments and Attachments . The entry or filing of one or more final money judgments, writs or warrants of attachment or similar process against Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets involving in the aggregate at any time an amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (in either case to the extent not adequately 
 162 

covered by indemnity from a third party as to which the relevant indemnitor has been notified and not denied coverage, by self-insurance (if applicable) or by insurance as to which the relevant third party insurance company has been notified and not denied coverage), which judgment, writ, warrant or similar process remains unpaid, undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed pending appeal for a period of sixty (60) days or 
 
 (i) Employee Benefit Plans . The occurrence of one or more ERISA Events, which individually or in the aggregate result in liability of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 
 (j) Change of Control . The occurrence of a Change of Control or 
 
 (k) Guaranties, Collateral Documents and Other Loan Documents . At any time after the execution and delivery thereof (i) any material Loan Guaranty for any reason ceasing to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with its terms or as a result of the occurrence of the Termination Date) or being declared, by a court of competent jurisdiction, to be null and void or the repudiation in writing by any Loan Party of its obligations thereunder (other than as a result of the discharge of such Loan Party in accordance with the terms thereof and other than solely as a result of acts or omissions by the Administrative Agent or any Lender), (ii) this Agreement or any material Collateral Document ceasing to be in full force and effect (other than solely by reason of (x) the failure of the Administrative Agent to maintain possession of any Collateral actually delivered to it or the failure of the Administrative Agent to file UCC (or equivalent) continuation statements, (y) a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or (z) the occurrence of the Termination Date or any other termination of such Collateral Document in accordance with the terms thereof) or being declared null and void or (iii) the contesting by any Loan Party of the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document (or any Lien purported to be created by the Collateral Documents or Loan Guaranty) in writing or denial by any Loan Party in writing that it has any further liability (other than by reason of the occurrence of the Termination Date), including with respect to future advances by the Lenders, under any Loan Document to which it is a party it being understood and agreed that the failure of the Administrative Agent to maintain possession of any Collateral actually delivered to it or file any UCC (or equivalent) continuation statement shall not result in an Event of Default under this clause (k) or any other provision of any Loan Document or 
 
 (l) Subordination . (i) The Liens on the Collateral securing the First Priority Secured Obligations ceasing to have senior first priority status with respect to Liens on the Collateral securing any Junior Lien Indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount outstanding in excess of the Threshold Amount pursuant to any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, and (ii) with respect to the provisions in any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement subordinating the Liens on the Collateral securing any Junior Lien Indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount outstanding in excess of the Threshold Amount to the Liens on the Collateral securing the First Priority Secured Obligations, (A) any Loan Party contests in writing the validity or enforceability thereof, (B) any court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable order, determines such subordination provisions to be invalid or unenforceable, or (C) such subordination provisions otherwise cease to be valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the parties to such Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement 
 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Parent Borrower described in clause (f) or (g) of this Article) and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Parent Borrower, take any of the following actions, at the same or different 
 163 

times (i) terminate any Additional Commitments, and thereupon such Additional Commitments shall terminate immediately and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers provided that upon the occurrence of an event with respect to the Parent Borrower described in clauses (f) or (g) of this Article, any such Commitments and or Additional Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Loan Document, all rights and remedies hereunder and under any other Loan Document or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC, shall be exercised exclusively by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 
 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 Section 8.01. The Administrative Agent . 
 
 Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Credit Suisse (or any successor appointed pursuant hereto) as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf, including execution of the other Loan Documents, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 Any Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, unless the context otherwise requires or unless such Person is in fact not a Lender, include each Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any subsidiary of any Loan Party or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default exists, and the use of the term agent herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to the 
 164 

Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law it being understood that such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary power, except discretionary rights and powers that are expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents and which the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the relevant circumstances as provided in Section 9.02 provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable laws, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law, and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable to the Lenders or any other Secured Party for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the relevant circumstances as provided in Section 9.02 or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of the existence of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Parent Borrower or any Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection with any Loan Document, (iii) the performance or observance of any covenant, agreement or other term or condition set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien on the Collateral or the existence, value or sufficiency of the Collateral, (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or (vii) any property, book or record of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof. 
 
 If any Lender acquires knowledge of the existence of a Default or Event of Default, it shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders thereof in writing. Each Lender agrees that, except with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, it will not take any enforcement action hereunder or under any other Loan Document, accelerate the Obligations under any Loan Document, or exercise any right that it might otherwise have under applicable law or otherwise to credit bid at any foreclosure sale, UCC sale, any sale under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or other similar Dispositions of Collateral. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, a Lender may take action to preserve or enforce its rights against a Loan Party where a deadline or limitation period is applicable that would, absent such action, bar enforcement of the Obligations held by such Lender, including the filing of a proof of claim in a case under the Bankruptcy Code. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents, Holdings, the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and each Secured Party agree 
 165 

that (i) no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce the Loan Documents it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder shall be exercised solely and exclusively by, the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in accordance with the terms hereof and all powers, rights and remedies under the other Loan Documents shall be exercised solely and exclusively by the Administrative Agent, and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure by the Administrative Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or in the event of any other Disposition (including pursuant to Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code), (A) the Administrative Agent, as agent for and representative of the Secured Parties, shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the Administrative Agent at such Disposition and (B) the Administrative Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such Disposition. 
 
 No holder of any Secured Hedging Obligation or Banking Services Obligation in its respective capacity as such shall have any rights in connection with (i) the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Loan Party under this Agreement or (ii) any waiver, consent, modification or any amendment with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 
 Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorizes (and by entering into a Hedge Agreement with respect to any Secured Hedging Obligation and or by entering into documentation in connection with any Banking Services Obligation, each of the other Secured Parties hereby authorizes and shall be deemed to authorize) the Administrative Agent, on behalf of all Secured Parties to take any of the following actions upon the instruction of the Required Lenders 
 
 (a) consent to the Disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral free and clear of the Liens securing the Secured Obligations in connection with any Disposition pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including Section 363 thereof 
 
 (b) credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, or purchase all or any portion of the Collateral (in each case, either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles), in connection with any Disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Section 363 thereof 
 
 (c) credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, or purchase all or any portion of the Collateral (in each case, either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles), in connection with any Disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral pursuant to the applicable provisions of the UCC, including pursuant to Sections 9-610 or 9-620 of the UCC 
 
 (d) credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, or purchase all or any portion of the Collateral (in each case, either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles), in connection with any foreclosure or other Disposition conducted in accordance with applicable law following the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, including by power of sale, judicial action or otherwise and or 
 
 (e) estimate the amount of any contingent or unliquidated Secured Obligations of such Lender or other Secured Party 
 
 it being understood that no Lender shall be required to fund any amount in connection with any purchase of all or any portion of the Collateral by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the foregoing clause (b) , (c) or (d) without its prior written consent. 
 166 

Each Secured Party agrees that the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to credit bid any part of the Secured Obligations or to purchase or retain or acquire any portion of the Collateral provided that, in connection with any credit bid or purchase described under clause (b) , (c) or (d) of the preceding paragraph, the Secured Obligations owed to all of the Secured Parties (other than with respect to contingent or unliquidated liabilities as set forth in the next succeeding paragraph) may be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent on a ratable basis. 
 
 With respect to each contingent or unliquidated claim that is a Secured Obligation, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, but is not required, to estimate the amount thereof for purposes of any credit bid or purchase described in the second preceding paragraph so long as the estimation of the amount or liquidation of such claim would not unduly delay the ability of the Administrative Agent to credit bid the Secured Obligations or purchase the Collateral in the relevant Disposition. In the event that the Administrative Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, elects not to estimate any such contingent or unliquidated claim or any such claim cannot be estimated without unduly delaying the ability of the Administrative Agent to consummate any credit bid or purchase in accordance with the second preceding paragraph, then any contingent or unliquidated claims not so estimated shall be disregarded, shall not be credit bid, and shall not be entitled to any interest in the portion or the entirety of the Collateral purchased by means of such credit bid. 
 
 Each Secured Party whose Secured Obligations are credit bid under clause (b) , (c) or (d) of the third preceding paragraph shall be entitled to receive interests in the Collateral or any other asset acquired in connection with such credit bid (or in the Capital Stock of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such acquisition) on a ratable basis in accordance with the percentage obtained by dividing (x) the amount of the Secured Obligations of such Secured Party that were credit bid in such credit bid or other Disposition, by (y) the aggregate amount of all Secured Obligations that were credit bid in such credit bid or other Disposition. 
 
 In addition, in case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, each Secured Party agrees that the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan is then due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Parent Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 
 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts to the extent due to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.12 and 9.03 allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 
 (ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same. 
 
 Any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent consents to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its 
 167 

agents and counsel, and any other amount due to the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.12 and 9.03 . 
 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent has received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it provided , however, that any such sub-agent receiving payments from the Loan Parties shall be a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 (or has validly agreed to be treated as a U.S. person pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv)(A)). The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. 
 
 The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Lenders and the Parent Borrower. If the Administrative Agent becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding, either the Required Lenders or the Borrowers may, upon thirty (30) days notice, remove the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation or delivery of any such notice of removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Parent Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a commercial bank or trust company with offices in the U.S. having combined capital and surplus in excess of 1,000,000,000 and who shall be a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 (or has validly agreed to be treated as a U.S. person pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv)(A)) provided that during the existence and continuation of an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) or, with respect to Holdings or the Borrowers, Section 7.01(f) or (g) , no consent of the Parent Borrower shall be required. If no successor shall have been appointed as provided above and accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation or the Administrative Agent receives notice of removal, then (a) in the case of a retirement, the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the 
 168 

qualifications set forth above (including, for the avoidance of doubt, consent of the Parent Borrower) or (b) in the case of a removal, the Parent Borrower may, after consulting with the Required Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above provided that (x) in the case of a retirement, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Parent Borrower, the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment or (y) in the case of a removal, the Parent Borrower notifies the Required Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then, in each case, such resignation or removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with and on the thirtieth (30th) day following delivery of such notice and (i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent in its capacity as collateral agent for the Secured Parties for perfection purposes, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations required to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly (and each Lender will cooperate with the Borrowers to enable the Borrowers to take such actions), until such time as the Required Lenders or the Parent Borrower, as applicable, appoint a successor Administrative Agent who shall be a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 (or has validly agreed to be treated as a U.S. person pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv)(A)), as provided for above in this Section 8.01 . Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder as a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder (other than its obligations under Section 9.13 ). The fees payable by the Borrowers to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Parent Borrower and such successor Administrative Agent. After the Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the relevant Person was acting as Administrative Agent (including for this purpose holding any collateral security following the retirement or removal of the Administrative Agent). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Disqualified Institution (nor any Affiliate thereof) may be appointed as a successor Administrative Agent. 
 
 Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties. 
 
 169 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Arrangers shall not have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement, except in their respective capacities as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder, as applicable. 
 
 Each Secured Party irrevocably authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent, 
 
 (a) shall release any Lien on any property granted to or held by Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon the occurrence of the Termination Date, (ii) that is sold or to be sold or transferred as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted under the Loan Documents to a Person that is not a Loan Party, (iii) that does not constitute (or ceases to constitute) Collateral (including as a result of being or becoming an Excluded Asset), (iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Subsidiary Guarantor, upon the release of such Subsidiary Guarantor from its Loan Guaranty otherwise in accordance with the Loan Documents, (v) as required under clause (d) below or (vi) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 9.02 
 
 (b) shall subject to Section 9.22 , release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction or series of related transactions permitted hereunder), as certified by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower 
 
 (c) may subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Sections 6.02(d) , 6.02(e) , 6.02(g) , 6.02(m) , 6.02(n) , 6.02(o)(i) (other than any Lien on the Capital Stock of any Subsidiary Guarantor), 6.02(q) , 6.02(r) , 6.02(x) , 6.02(y) , 6.02(bb) , 6.02(cc) , 6.02(ee) and 6.02(ff) (and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any thereof to the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted to be secured under Section 6.02(k)) provided that the subordination of any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent shall only be required with respect to any Lien on such property that is permitted by Sections 6.02(o)(i) , 6.02(q) , 6.02(r) and or 6.02(bb) to the extent that the Lien of the Administrative Agent with respect to such property is required to be subordinated to the relevant Permitted Lien in accordance with applicable law or the documentation governing the Indebtedness that is secured by such Permitted Lien and 
 
 (d) shall enter into subordination, intercreditor and or similar agreements with respect to Indebtedness (including any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) that is (i) required or permitted to be subordinated hereunder and or (ii) secured by Liens, and with respect to which Indebtedness, this Agreement contemplates an intercreditor, subordination or collateral trust agreement provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to subordinate any Lien pursuant to this clause (d)(ii) other than to the extent contemplated by clause (c) of this paragraph. 
 
 Upon the request of the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Loan Party from its obligations under the Guarantee or its Lien on any Collateral pursuant to this Section 8.01 . In each case as specified in this Section 8.01 , the Administrative Agent will (and each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to), at the Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan 
 170 

Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents or to subordinate its interest therein, or to release such Loan Party from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Article VIII provided that upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the Parent Borrower shall deliver a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that the relevant transaction has been consummated in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 The Administrative Agent is authorized to enter into any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and any other intercreditor, subordination, collateral trust or similar agreement contemplated hereby with respect to Indebtedness that is (i) required or permitted to be subordinated hereunder and or (ii) secured by Liens and which Indebtedness contemplates an intercreditor, subordination or collateral trust agreement (any such other intercreditor agreement, an Additional Agreement ), and the parties hereto acknowledge that each Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement (including any Additional Agreement) is binding upon them. Each Lender (a) hereby consents to the subordination of the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations on the terms set forth in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, (b) hereby agrees that it will be bound by, and will not take any action contrary to the provisions of any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement (including any Additional Agreement) and (c) hereby authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to enter into any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement (including any Additional Agreement), as applicable, and to subject the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations to the provisions thereof. The foregoing provisions are intended as an inducement to the Secured Parties to extend credit to the Borrowers, and the Secured Parties are intended third-party beneficiaries of such provisions and the provisions of any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement (including any Additional Agreement). 
 
 To the extent that the Administrative Agent (or any Affiliate thereof) is not reimbursed and indemnified by the Borrowers, the Lenders will reimburse and indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any Affiliate thereof) in proportion to their respective Applicable Percentages (determined as if there were no Defaulting Lenders) for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, costs, expenses or disbursements of whatsoever kind or nature which may be imposed on, asserted against or incurred by the Administrative Agent (or any Affiliate thereof) in performing its duties hereunder or under any other Loan Document or in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agent s (or such affiliate s) gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision). 
 
 Section 8.02. Erroneous Payments. 
 
 (a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party (any such Lender, Secured Party or other authorized recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates on behalf of the Administrative Agent were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether purported to be received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall 
 171 

at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender or Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect provided , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Erroneous Payment shall include any amounts remitted, transmitted, transferred, distributed or paid to, or realized by, the Administrative Agent (or its affiliates) by, or on behalf of, the Parent Borrower or any Loan Party (collectively, Loan Party Payments or any amounts representing the proceeds of any Collateral, in each case, other than amounts that have been misapplied or otherwise erroneously transmitted or distributed or paid to any Lender provided , that the Obligations of the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties shall be paid, prepaid, discharged and satisfied by the amount of such Loan Party Payments in the manner intended by the applicable Borrower or Loan Party. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. If a Payment Recipient receives any payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise and does not receive a corresponding payment notice or payment advice such payment, prepayment or repayment shall be presumed to be in error absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary. 
 
 (b) Each Lender or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or Secured Party from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement provided , that such set off, netting and application shall not affect whether any Loan Party Payments or proceeds of Collateral have paid, prepaid, repaid, discharged and satisfied the Obligations of the Loan Parties. 
 
 (c) For so long as an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) has not been returned by any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency to the Administrative Agent after demand therefor in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a) , (i) the Administrative Agent may elect, in its sole discretion on written notice to such Lender or Secured Party, that all rights and claims of such Lender or Secured Party with respect to the Loans or other Obligations owed to such Person up to the amount of the corresponding Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency in respect of such Erroneous Payment (the Corresponding Loan Amount shall immediately vest in the Administrative Agent upon such election after such election, the Administrative Agent (x) may reflect its ownership interest in Loans in a principal amount equal to the Corresponding Loan Amount in the Register, and (y) upon five business days written notice to such Lender or Secured Party, may sell such Loan (or portion thereof) in respect of the Corresponding Loan Amount in accordance with Section 9.05 , and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender or Secured Party (and or against any Payment Recipient that receives funds on its behalf), and (ii) each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold such Loan, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to 
 172 

all the rights and interests of such Lender or Secured Party with respect to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency. For the avoidance of doubt, no vesting or sale pursuant to the foregoing subclause (i) will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 (d) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Parent Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent of any amounts remitted, transmitted, transferred, distributed or paid to the Administrative Agent (or its affiliates) by, or on behalf of, the Parent Borrower or any Loan Party for the purpose of paying, prepaying, repaying, discharging or otherwise satisfying, in whole or in part, any Obligations or any amounts representing the proceeds of any Collateral. 
 
 (e) No Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 
 
 (f) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 8.02 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, the termination of the Commitments and or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under the Loan Documents. 
 
 (g) The provisions of this Section 8.02 are intended to reflect an agreement among the Lenders, Secured Parties and the Administrative Agent (other than Sections 8.02(c) (solely with respect to assignments and subrogation rights of the Administrative Agent), (d) and (f) and the provisions hereof shall not constitute or create any obligations on the part of the Parent Borrower or any Loan Party. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 Section 9.01. Notices . 
 
 (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by email (including PDF and similar attachments), as follows 
 (i) if to any Loan Party, to such Loan Party in the care of the Borrowers at 

173 

Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC Valleybrooke Corporate Center 300 Lindenwood Drive Malvern, PA 19355-1740 Telephone 913-744-2013 Facsimile 913-744-2075 Attention William J. Sichko Email Bill.Sichko pqcorp.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to any Loan Party) Ropes & Gray LLP 1211 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036 Telephone (212) 497-3626 Facsimile (646) 728-1667 Attention Jay J. Kim Email Jay.Kim ropesgray.com (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, at Credit Suisse AG Eleven Madison Avenue, 9th Floor New York, NY 10010 Telephone 919-994-6369 Facsimile 212-322-2291 Attention Loan Operations Agency Manager Email agency.loanops credit-suisse.com 
 
 with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to the Administrative Agent) 
 
 Latham & Watkins LLP 1271 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10020 Telephone (212) 906-1200 Facsimile (212) 751-4864 Attention Nicole Fanjul Email Nicole.Fanjul lw.com 

174 

(iii) if to any Lender, pursuant to its contact information set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 
 All such notices and other communications (A) sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person or by courier service and signed for against receipt thereof or three (3) Business Days after dispatch if sent by certified or registered mail, in each case, delivered, sent or mailed (properly addressed) to the relevant party as provided in this Section 9.01 or in accordance with the latest unrevoked direction from such party given in accordance with this Section 9.01 or (B) sent by email shall be deemed to have been given when sent provided that received notices and other communications sent by email shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, such notices or other communications shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in clause (b) below shall be effective as provided in such clause (b) . 
 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications (including email, FpML messaging and Internet or Intranet websites) pursuant to procedures set forth herein or otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent or the Parent Borrower (on behalf of any Loan Party) may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures set forth herein or otherwise approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. All such notices and other communications (i) sent to an email address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return email or other written acknowledgement) provided that if not given during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) posted to an Internet or Intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its email address as described in the foregoing clause (b)(i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
 
 (c) Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number or other notice information hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 
 (d) (i) The Borrowers hereby acknowledge that (A) the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrowers hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (B) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrowers hereby agree that (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) subject to the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Confidential Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 9.13 (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (z) the Administrative Agent shall treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information provided that, for purposes of the foregoing, all information and 
 175 

materials provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) shall be deemed to be suitable for posting to Public Lenders. 
 
 (ii) Each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable law, including United States Federal and state securities laws, to make reference to communications that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material nonpublic information with respect to the Borrowers or their securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 
 
 (iii) THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . NEITHER THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT NOR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES WARRANTS THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM AND EACH EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS IS MADE BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER OR NOT BASED ON STRICT LIABILITY AND INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTY S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THE LIABILITY OF ANY SUCH PERSON IS FOUND IN A FINAL RULING BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO HAVE RESULTED FROM SUCH PERSON S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR MATERIAL BREACH OF ANY LOAN DOCUMENT. 
 
 (e) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic notices and Borrowing Requests) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrowers shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, its Related Parties and each Lender from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 
 Section 9.02. Waivers Amendments . 
 
 (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or 
 176 

discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under any other Loan Document are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same is permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.02 , and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to the extent permitted by law, the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any existing Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of the existence of such Default or Event of Default at the time. 
 
 (b) Subject to clauses (A) , (B) , (C) and (D) of this Section 9.02(b) and Sections 9.02(c) and (d) below, neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified, except (i) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) or (ii) in the case of any other Loan Document (other than any waiver, amendment or modification to effectuate any modification thereto expressly contemplated by the terms of such other Loan Documents), pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party that is party thereto, with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing 
 
 (A) except with the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (but without the consent of the Required Lenders or any other Lender, the Administrative Agent or agent (except to the extent that the rights and obligations of the Administrative Agent would be adversely affected thereby)), no such waiver, amendment or modification shall 
 
 (1) increase the Commitment or Additional Commitment of such Lender (other than with respect to any Incremental Facility pursuant to Section 2.22 in respect of which such Lender has agreed to be an Additional Lender) it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments or Additional Commitments shall constitute an increase of any Commitment or Additional Commitment of such Lender 
 
 (2) reduce or forgive the principal amount of any Loan or any amount due on any Loan Installment Date 
 
 (3) (x) extend the scheduled final maturity of any Loan or (y) postpone any Loan Installment Date, any Interest Payment Date or the date of any scheduled payment of any fee payable hereunder (in each case, other than any extension for administrative reasons agreed by the Administrative Agent) 
 
 177 

(4) reduce the rate of interest (other than to waive any existing Default or Event of Default or obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest at the default rate of interest under Section 2.13(d) , which shall only require the consent of the Required Lenders) or the amount of any fee owed to such Lender it being understood that no change in the definition of First Lien Leverage Ratio or any other ratio used in the calculation of the Applicable Rate, or in the calculation of any other interest or fee due hereunder (including any component definition thereof) shall constitute a reduction in any rate of interest or fee hereunder 
 
 (5) extend the expiry date of such Lender s Commitment or Additional Commitment it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments or Additional Commitments shall constitute an extension of any Commitment or Additional Commitment of any Lender 
 
 (6) waive, amend or modify the provisions of Sections 2.11(b)(vi) , 2.18(b) or 2.18(c) of this Agreement in a manner that would by its terms alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby (except in connection with any transaction permitted under Sections 2.22 , 2.23 , 9.02(c) , 9.05(g) and or 9.05(h) or as otherwise provided in this Section 9.02 and 
 
 (7) change the currency in which any Loan or Commitment of any such Lender is denominated 
 
 (B) no such waiver, amendment or modification shall 
 
 (1) change any of the provisions of Section 9.02(a) or Section 9.02(b) or the definition of Required Lenders to reduce any voting percentage required to waive, amend or modify any right thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the prior written consent of each Lender 
 
 (2) release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Lien granted pursuant to the Loan Documents (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents, including as contemplated by or pursuant to Section 8.01 or Section 9.22 ), without the prior written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, and it being understood that only the consent of the Lenders whose Loans are secured by the Collateral shall be required or 
 
 178 

(3) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees under the Loan Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents, including pursuant to Section 9.22 hereof), without the prior written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby and 
 
 (C) solely the consent of the applicable Required Facility Lenders (but not the consent of the Required Lenders or any other Lenders) shall be required for any waiver amendment or modifications of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that solely affects the Credit Facilities of any Class (as determined in the reasonable judgment of the Parent Borrower), including any conditions borrowing under any Additional Revolving Facility or any Incremental Facility that is a delayed draw term loan facility 
 
 provided , further , that no agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may also amend the Commitment Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.05 , incurrences of Additional Commitments or Additional Loans pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) and reductions or terminations of any such Additional Commitments or Additional Loans. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the Commitment and any Additional Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased without the consent of such Defaulting Lender (it being understood that any Commitment, Additional Commitment or Loan held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded from any vote hereunder that requires the consent of any Lender, except as expressly provided in Section 2.21(a) ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers (i) to add one or more additional credit facilities permitted hereunder to this Agreement and to permit any extension of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the relevant benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Lenders prior to such inclusion. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended 
 
 (i) with the written consent of the Borrowers and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans to permit the refinancing or replacement of all or any portion of any outstanding Term Loans under one or more Classes, series or tranches, as selected by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion (any such Loans being refinanced or replaced, the Replaced Term Loans ), with one or more replacement term loans Replacement Term Loans pursuant to any existing or newly established term loan facility hereunder (a Replacement Term Facility pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment provided that 
 
 (A) the aggregate principal amount of any Replacement Term Loans shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Replaced Term Loans plus (1) any additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 2.22 or Section 6.01(q) , (u) , (w) and or (z) and, to the extent any such additional amounts are secured, the related Liens are permitted under 
 179 

Section 6.02(k) (with respect to Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(a) , or (u) ), (o)(ii) , (t)(ii) , (u) and or (ii) and plus (2) the amount of accrued interest, penalties and premium (including tender premium) thereon, any committed but undrawn amounts, and underwriting discounts, fees (including upfront fees, original issue discount, commitment fees, underwriting fees, arrangement fees and similar fees), commissions and expenses associated therewith), 
 
 (B) any Replacement Term Loans must have (1) a final maturity date that is equal to or later than the earlier of (x) the final maturity date of the Replaced Term Loans and (y) ninety-one (91) days after the then latest maturity date of any Term Loans that are not being refinanced or so replaced, and (2) have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Replaced Term Loans at the time of the relevant refinancing, 
 
 (C) any such Replacement Term Loans must be pari passu with or junior to any such Replaced Term Loans in right of payment and with respect to the Collateral provided that such Replacement Term Loans shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and may be, at the option of the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower, documented in a separate agreement or agreements), or be unsecured, 
 
 (D) if any Replacement Term Loans are secured, such Replacement Term Loans may not be secured by any assets other than the Collateral, 
 
 (E) if any Replacement Term Loans are guaranteed, such Replacement Term Loans may not be guaranteed by any Person other than one or more Loan Parties, 
 
 (F) any Replacement Term Loans that are pari passu in right of payment and pari passu in right of security may participate (x) on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis) in any mandatory repayment in respect of the Initial Term Loans (and any Additional Term Loans then subject to ratable repayment requirements) and (y) on a pro rata basis, greater than pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis in any voluntary prepayment in respect of the Initial Term Loans and any Additional Term Loans, in each case as agreed by the Borrowers and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans, 
 
 (G) any Replacement Term Loans shall have pricing (including interest, fees and premiums) and, subject to preceding clause (F) , optional prepayment and redemption terms as the Parent Borrower and the lenders providing such Replacement Term Loans may agree, 
 
 (H) no Default under Section 7.01(a) , 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) or Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to the effectiveness of the relevant Replacement Term Loans, and 
 
 (I) either (i) the other terms and conditions of any Replacement Term Loans, as applicable (excluding pricing, interest, fees, rate floors, 
 180 

premiums, optional prepayment or redemption terms, security and maturity, subject to preceding clauses (B) through (G) shall be substantially identical to, or (taken as a whole) no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower) to the lenders providing such Replacement Term Loans than those applicable to the Replaced Term Loans (other than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of incurrence of such Replacement Term Loans)) or (ii) such Replacement Term Loans shall reflect market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at such time (as determined by the Parent Borrower in good faith) provided , that, if any more restrictive financial maintenance covenant is added for the benefit of any Replacement Term Loans, such provisions shall also be applicable to the Credit Facilities (other than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of incurrence of such Replacement Term Loans)), and 
 
 (ii) in the case of any Additional Revolving Facility, with the written consent of the Borrowers and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Revolving Facility to permit the refinancing or replacement of all or any portion of any Additional Revolving Commitments under one or more Classes, series or tranche, as selected by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion (any such Additional Revolving Commitments being refinanced or replaced, a Replaced Revolving Facility ), with a replacement revolving facility hereunder (a Replacement Revolving Facility pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment provided that 
 
 (A) the aggregate principal amount of any Replacement Revolving Facility shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the unutilized commitments under the Replaced Revolving Facility plus (x) any additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01(a) , (q) , (u) , (w) and or (z) and, to the extent any such additional amounts are secured, the related Liens are permitted under Section 6.02(k) (with respect to Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(a) , (q) , (u) , (w) or (z) ), (o)(ii) , (u) and or (hh) and plus (y) the amount of accrued interest, penalties and premium thereon, any committed but undrawn amounts and underwriting discounts, fees (including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payments), commissions and expenses associated therewith), 
 
 (B) no such Replacement Revolving Facility may have a final maturity date (or require commitment reductions) prior to the earlier of (x) the final maturity date of the relevant Replaced Revolving Facility at the time of such refinancing and (y) ninety-one (91) days after the then latest maturity date of any Additional Revolving Facility not being refinanced or so replaced, 
 
 (C) any such Replacement Revolving Facility must be pari passu with any such Replaced Revolving Facility in right of payment and with respect to the Collateral provided that any such Replacement Revolving Facility shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and may be, at the option of the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower, documented in a separate agreement or agreements), or be unsecured, 
 
 181 

(D) if any Replacement Revolving Facility are secured, such Replacement Revolving Facility may not be secured by any assets other than the Collateral, 
 
 (E) if any Replacement Revolving Facility are guaranteed, such Replacement Revolving Facility may not be guaranteed by any Person other than one or more Loan Parties, 
 
 (F) any Replacement Revolving Facility shall be subject to the ratability provisions applicable to Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and Extended Revolving Loans set forth in the proviso to clause (ii) of Section 2.23(a) , mutatis mutandis , to the same extent as if fully set forth in this Section 9.02(c)(ii) , 
 
 (G) any Replacement Revolving Facility shall have pricing (including interest, fees and premiums) and, subject to preceding clause (F) , optional prepayment and redemption terms as the Borrowers and the lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Facility, may agree, 
 
 (H) no Default under Sections 7.01(a) , 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) or Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to the effectiveness of the relevant Replacement Revolving Facility, 
 
 (I) either (i) the other terms and conditions of any Replacement Revolving Facility (excluding pricing, interest, fees, rate floors, premiums, optional prepayment or redemption terms, security and maturity, subject to preceding clauses (B) through (G) shall be substantially identical to, or (taken as a whole) no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower) to the lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Facility, than those applicable to the Replaced Revolving Facility (other than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Revolving Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of incurrence of the relevant Replacement Revolving Facility)) or (ii) such Replacement Revolving Facility shall reflect market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at such time (as determined by the Parent Borrower in good faith) and 
 
 (J) the commitments in respect of any Replaced Revolving Facility shall be terminated (to the extent being replaced), and all loans outstanding thereunder and all fees in connection therewith shall be paid in full, in each case on the date such Replacement Revolving Facility are implemented 
 
 provided , further , that, in respect of each of clauses (i) and (ii) of this clause (c) , any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate and Debt Fund Affiliate providing any Replacement Term Loans shall be subject to the restrictions applicable to such Persons under Section 9.05 as if such Replacement Term Loans were Term Loans and any Debt Fund Affiliate (but not any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate) may provide any Replacement Revolving Facility. 
 
 Each party hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment, this Agreement shall be amended by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans or the Replacement Revolving Facility, as 
 182 

applicable, to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of such Replacement Term Loans or Replacement Revolving Facility, as applicable, incurred or implemented pursuant thereto (including any amendment necessary to treat the loans, notes and commitments subject thereto as a separate Class of Loans and or commitments hereunder), including any technical amendments required in connection therewith. It is understood that any Lender approached to provide all or a portion of any Replacement Term Loans or any Replacement Revolving Facility may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide such Replacement Term Loans or Replacement Revolving Facility. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.02 or any other provision of this Agreement or any provision of any other Loan Document 
 
 (i) the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any Lender, amend, supplement and or waive any guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement and or related document (if any) executed in connection with this Agreement to (x) comply with Requirements of Law or the advice of counsel or (y) cause any such guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and or the relevant other Loan Documents 
 
 (ii) the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any other Lender (other than the relevant Lenders (including Additional Lenders) providing Loans under such Sections), effect amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent to (1) effect the provisions of Sections 2.22 , 2.23 , 5.12 , 6.13 , 9.02(c) or 9.23 , or any other provision specifying that any waiver, amendment or modification may be made with the consent or approval of the Administrative Agent and or (2) to add terms (including representations and warranties, conditions, prepayments, covenants or events of default), in connection with the addition of any Loan or Commitment hereunder, that are favorable to the then-existing Lenders, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent 
 
 (iii) if the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower have jointly identified any ambiguity, mistake, defect, inconsistency, obvious error or any error or omission of a technical nature or any necessary or desirable technical change, in each case, in any provision of any Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision solely to address such matter as reasonably determined by them acting jointly 
 
 (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower may amend, restate, amend and restate or otherwise modify any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement as provided therein 
 
 (v) the Administrative Agent may amend the Commitment Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.05 , Commitment reductions or terminations pursuant to Section 2.09 , implementations of Additional Commitments or incurrences of Additional Loans pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) and reductions or terminations of any such Additional Commitments or Additional Loans 
 
 (vi) in the case of any Additional Revolving Facility, solely the consent of the Required Facility Lenders with respect to such Additional Revolving Facility (but not the consent of the Required Lenders or any other Lender) shall be required for any 
 183 

waiver, amendment or modification of (A) any conditions precedent to the obligations of the applicable Lenders to make any Additional Revolving Loan (including any swingline loans or the issuance of any letters of credit) and (B) any financial maintenance covenant solely for the benefit of such Additional Revolving Facility and 
 
 (vii) any amendment, waiver or modification of any term or provision that directly affects Lenders under one or more Classes and does not directly affect Lenders under one or more other Classes (unless such amendment, waiver or modification benefits the Lenders under such other Classes) may be effected with solely the consent of the Required Facility Lenders of such directly affected Class (but not the consent of the Required Lenders or any other Lender). 
 
 Section 9.03. Expenses Indemnity . 
 
 (a) The Borrowers shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Arrangers, the Administrative Agent and their respective Affiliates (including applicable syndication expenses and travel expenses but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one firm of outside counsel to all such Persons taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such Persons, taken as a whole) in connection with the syndication and distribution (including via the Internet or through a service such as SyndTrak) of the Credit Facilities, the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of the Loan Documents and any related documentation, including in connection with any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated, but only to the extent the preparation of any such amendment, modification or waiver was requested by the Borrowers and except as otherwise provided separately in writing between the Parent Borrower, the relevant Arranger and or the Administrative Agent) and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or the Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one firm of outside counsel to all such Persons taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such Persons, taken as a whole) in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of their respective rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including their respective rights under this Section 9.03 , or in connection with the Loans made hereunder. Except to the extent required to be paid on the Closing Date (and invoiced three (3) Business Days prior thereto), all amounts due under this paragraph (a) shall be payable by the Borrowers within thirty (30) days of receipt by the Parent Borrower of an invoice setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail, together with backup documentation supporting the relevant reimbursement request. 
 
 (b) The Borrowers shall indemnify each Arranger, the Administrative Agent, each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one legal counsel to all Indemnitees taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all Indemnitees, taken as a whole and solely in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest, (x) one additional counsel to all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and (y) one additional local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby and or the enforcement of the Loan Documents, the performance by the parties 
 184 

hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Existing Credit Agreement Transactions or the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) the use of the proceeds of the Loans, (iii) any actual or alleged Release or presence of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any property currently or formerly owned or operated by the Parent Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party or any Environmental Liability related to the Parent Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party and or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (and regardless of whether such matter is initiated by a third party or by any Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates) provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, or liability (i) results from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct or material breach of the Loan Documents by such Indemnitee, in each case, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) arises out of any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding brought by such Indemnitee against another Indemnitee (other than any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding (x) that is brought by or against the Administrative Agent or any Arranger, acting in its capacity or fulfilling its role as the Administrative Agent or as an Arranger or similar role or (y) that involves any act or omission of Holdings, any Borrower or any of its subsidiaries). Each Indemnitee shall be obligated to refund or return any and all amounts paid by any Borrower pursuant to this Section 9.03(b) to such Indemnitee for any fees, expenses, or damages to the extent such Indemnitee is not entitled to payment thereof in accordance with the terms hereof. All amounts due under this paragraph (b) shall be payable by the Borrowers within thirty (30) days (x) after receipt by the Parent Borrower of a written demand therefor, in the case of any indemnification obligations and (y) in the case of reimbursement of costs and expenses, after receipt by the Parent Borrower of an invoice, setting forth such costs and expenses in reasonable detail, together with backup documentation supporting the relevant reimbursement request. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages or liabilities in respect of a non-Tax claim. 
 
 (c) No Borrower shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), but if any proceeding is settled with the relevant Borrower s written consent, or if there is a final judgment against any Indemnitee in any such proceeding, the Borrowers agree to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee to the extent and in the manner set forth above. The Borrowers shall not, without the prior written consent of the affected Indemnitee (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), effect any settlement of any pending or threatened claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding against any Indemnitee in respect of which indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnitee unless (i) such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnitee from all liability or claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (ii) such settlement does not include any statement as to any admission of fault or culpability. 
 
 Section 9.04. Waiver of Claim . To the extent permitted by applicable law, no party to this Agreement shall assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto or any Related Party thereof, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof, except to the extent such damages would otherwise be subject to indemnification pursuant to the terms of Section 9.03 . 
 
 Section 9.05. Successors and Assigns . 
 
 185 

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns provided that (i) except as provided under Section 6.07 , the Borrowers may not assign or otherwise transfer any of their rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrowers without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with the terms of this Section 9.05 (any attempted assignment or transfer not complying with the terms of this Section 9.05 shall be subject to Sections 9.05(f) and (g) , as applicable). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and permitted assigns, Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section 9.05 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Arrangers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of any Loan or Additional Commitment added pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of 
 
 (A) the Parent Borrower provided that (1) the Parent Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment of any Term Loans unless it has objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within fifteen (15) Business Days after receiving written notice thereof (2) the consent of the Parent Borrower shall be required for any assignment of Additional Revolving Loans or Additional Revolving Commitments, (3) no consent of the Parent Borrower shall be required for the assignment of Term Loans to another Lender, an Affiliate of any Lender or an Approved Fund, (4) no consent of the Parent Borrower shall be required during the continuation of an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) or Section 7.01(f) or (g) (solely with respect to the Parent Borrower) (5) the Parent Borrower may withhold its consent to any assignment to any Person that is not a Disqualified Institution but is known by the Parent Borrower to be an Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution regardless of whether such Person is identifiable as an Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution on the basis of such Affiliate s name (other than in respect of a Company Competitor, a Debt Fund Affiliate that is not itself a Disqualified Institution, unless the Parent Borrower has a reasonable basis for withholding consent) and, for the avoidance of doubt, the deemed consent provisions of clause (1) above shall not apply with respect to any attempted assignment of a Disqualified Institution or any Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution regardless of whether such Person is identifiable as an Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution on the basis of such Affiliate s name, and (6) the investment objective or history of any prospective Lender or its Affiliates shall be a reasonable basis to withhold the Parent Borrower s consent and 
 
 (B) the Administrative Agent provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for any assignment to another Lender, any Affiliate of a Lender or any Approved Fund. 
 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 186 

(A) except in the case of any assignment to another Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender or any Approved Fund or any assignment of the entire remaining amount of the relevant assigning Lender s Loans or commitments of any Class, the principal amount of Loans or commitments of the assigning Lender subject to the relevant assignment (determined as of the date on which the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent and determined on an aggregate basis in the event of concurrent assignments to Related Funds or by Related Funds) shall not be less than 1,000,000, in the case of Initial Term Loans, Additional Term Loans, Initial Term Loan Commitments and Additional Term Commitments unless the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent 
 
 (B) any partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the relevant assigning Lender s rights and obligations in respect of any Facility under this Agreement 
 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption via an electronic settlement system acceptable to the Administrative Agent (or, if previously agreed with the Administrative Agent, manually), and, except in the case of an assignment by an Initial Term Lender or its Affiliate in connection with the syndication of the Initial Term Loans, shall pay to the Administrative Agent a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 (which fee may be waived or reduced in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent) and 
 
 (D) the relevant Eligible Assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver on or prior to the effective date of such assignment, to the Administrative Agent (1) an Administrative Questionnaire and (2) any IRS form required under Section 2.17 . 
 
 (iii) Subject to the acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section 9.05 , from and after the effective date specified in any Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned pursuant to such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be (A) entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 and 9.03 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring on or prior to the effective date of such assignment and (B) subject to its obligations thereunder and under Section 9.13 ). If any assignment by any Lender holding any Promissory Note is made after the issuance of such Promissory Note, the assigning Lender shall, upon the effectiveness of such assignment or as promptly thereafter as practicable, surrender such Promissory Note to the Administrative Agent for cancellation, and, following such cancellation, if requested by either the assignee or the assigning Lender, the relevant Borrower shall issue and deliver a new Promissory Note to such assignee and or to such assigning Lender, with appropriate insertions, to reflect the new commitments and or outstanding Loans of the assignee and or the assigning Lender. 
 
 187 

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, and the commitment of, and principal amount of and interest on the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). Failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect the Borrowers obligation to repay such Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender and the owner of the amounts owing to it under the Loan Documents as reflected in the Register for all purposes of the Loan Documents, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by each Borrower and each Lender (but only as to its own holdings), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice provided that each Lender shall be able to inspect the Register only with respect to its own Commitments and Loans. The parties intend that any interest in or with respect to the Loans under this Agreement be treated as being issued and maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2), and 881(c)(2) of the Code and any regulations thereunder (and any successor provisions), including without limitation under United States Treasury Regulations Section 5f.103-1(c) and Proposed Regulations Section 1.163-5 (and any successor provisions), and the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner that gives effect to such intent. 
 
 (v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an Eligible Assignee, the Eligible Assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire and any tax certification required by Section 9.05(b)(ii)(D)(2) (unless the assignee is already a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.05 , if applicable, and any written consent to the relevant assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.05 , the Administrative Agent shall promptly accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 
 (vi) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Assumption, the assigning Lender and the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be deemed to confirm and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows (A) such assigning Lender warrants that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the interest being assigned thereby free and clear of any adverse claim and that the amount of its commitments, and the outstanding balances of its Loans, in each case without giving effect to any assignment thereof which has not become effective, are as set forth in such Assignment and Assumption, (B) except as set forth in clause (A) above, such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto, or the financial condition of any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or the performance or observance by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of its obligations under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto (C) such assignee represents and warrants that it is an Eligible Assignee, legally authorized to enter into such Assignment and Assumption (D) such assignee 
 188 

confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreements (and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Assumption (E) such assignee will independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the assigning Lender or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it deems appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement (F) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent, by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto and (G) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 
 (c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Parent Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, sell participations to any bank or other entity (other than to any Disqualified Institution, any natural Person or, other than with respect to any participation to any Debt Fund Affiliate (any such participations to a Debt Fund Affiliate being subject to the limitation set forth in the first proviso of the penultimate paragraph set forth in Section 9.05(h) , as if the limitation applied to such participations), any Borrower or any of its Affiliates) (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its commitments and the Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (C) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and (D) the Lenders shall not be permitted to sell participations to any Company Competitor regardless of whether any Event of Default (or a type thereof) is continuing. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which any Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the relevant Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in (x) clause (A) of the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that directly and adversely affects the Loans or commitments in which such Participant has an interest and (y) clause (B)(1) , (2) or (3) of the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) . Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section 9.05 , the Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the limitations and requirements of such Sections and Section 2.19 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 9.05 (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender, and if additional amounts are required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.17(a) or Section 2.17(c) , to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent upon reasonable written request by the Parent Borrower). To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.09 as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. 
 
 (ii) No Participant shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 than the participating Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Parent Borrower s prior written consent expressly acknowledging that such Participant s entitlement to benefits under Sections 
 189 

2.15 , 2.16 and 2.17 is not limited to what the participating Lender would have been entitled to receive absent the participation. 
 
 Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and their respective successors and assigns, and the principal amounts and stated interest of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under the Code or Treasury Regulations, including, without limitation, under Section 5f.103-1(c) or Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) of the Treasury Regulation (or, in each case, any amended, successor or final version). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and each Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (other than to any Disqualified Institution or any natural person) to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to any Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section 9.05 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release any Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrowers all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of any Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment or Additional Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement (including its obligations under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 and no SPC shall be entitled to any greater amount under Section 2.13 , 2.14 or 2.15 or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that the Granting Lender would have been entitled to receive, (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender) and (iii) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes including approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of the Loan Documents, remain the Lender of record hereunder. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one (1) year and one (1) day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, 
 190 

arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the U.S. or any State thereof provided that (i) such SPC s Granting Lender is in compliance in all material respects with its obligations to the Borrowers hereunder and (ii) each Lender designating any SPC hereby agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless each other party hereto for any loss, cost, damage or expense arising out of its inability to institute such a proceeding against such SPC during such period of forbearance. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.05 , any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guaranty or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. If a Granting Lender grants an option to an SPC as described herein and such grant is not reflected in the Register, the Granting Lender shall maintain a separate register on which it records the name and address of each SPC and the principal amounts (and related interest) of each SPC s interest with respect to the Loans, Commitments or other interests hereunder, which entries shall be conclusive absent manifest error and each Lender shall treat such SPC that is recorded in the register as the owner of such interests for all purposes of the Loan Documents notwithstanding any notice to the contrary provided , further , that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose any portion of such register to any Person except to the extent disclosure is necessary to establish that the Loans, Commitments or other interests hereunder are in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes (or as is otherwise required thereunder). 
 
 (f) (i) Any assignment or participation by a Lender without the Parent Borrower s consent, to the extent the Borrowers consent is required under this Section 9.05 , to any other Person shall, at the Parent Borrower s election, be treated in accordance with Section 9.05(g) below or the Borrowers shall be entitled to seek specific performance to unwind any such assignment or participation in addition to injunctive relief or any other remedies available to the Borrowers at law or in equity. Upon the request of any Lender, who agrees in writing for the benefit of the Borrowers to maintain confidentiality, the Parent Borrower shall make available to such Lender the names of Disqualified Institutions at the relevant time (other than any Affiliate thereof that is reasonably identifiable on the basis of such Affiliate s name) on a confidential basis and such Lender may provide such names to any potential assignee or participant on a confidential basis in accordance with Section 9.13 for the purpose of verifying whether such Person is a Disqualified Institution. 
 
 (ii) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions (other than with respect to updating the list with names of Disqualified Institutions provided in writing to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the definition of Disqualified Institution or providing the list (with such updates) upon request in accordance with this Section 9.05 ). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, shall not (i) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Institution or (ii) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Institution. 
 
 (g) If any assignment or participation under this Section 9.05 is made to any Person that is a Disqualified Institution, to any Person that cannot be reasonably identified as a Disqualified Institution pursuant to clause (a)(ii) or (c)(ii) of the definition thereof as of the date of such assignment or participation and subsequently becomes reasonably identifiable as a Disqualified 
 191 

Institution or to any Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution as to which the Parent Borrower did not expressly consent in writing, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (i) the Parent Borrower may, at the Borrowers sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Person and the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate any Commitment of such Person and repay all obligations of the Borrowers owing to such Person, (B) in the case of any outstanding Term Loans, held by such Person, purchase such Term Loans by paying the lesser of (I) par and (II) the amount that such Person paid to acquire such Term Loans, plus accrued interest thereon, but without any premium, penalty, prepayment fee or breakage, and or (C) require such Person to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 9.05 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees at the price indicated in clause (i) above provided that in the case of clause (C) above, the relevant assignment shall otherwise comply with this Section 9.05 (except that no registration and processing fee required under this Section 9.05 shall be required with respect to any assignment pursuant to this paragraph), (ii) for purposes of voting, any Loans and Commitments held by such Person shall be deemed not to be outstanding, and such Person shall have no voting or consent rights with respect to Required Lender or class or facility vote or consents, (iii) for purposes of any matter requiring the vote or consent of each Lender (or each Lender affected by any amendment or waiver), such Person shall be deemed to have voted or consented to approve such amendment or waiver if a majority of the affected Class or Facility (after giving effect to clause (ii) so approves, (iv) such Person shall not be permitted to attend meetings of the Lenders or receive information prepared by the Administrative Agent, any Lender, Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its subsidiaries in connection with this Agreement and will not be permitted to attend or participate in conference calls or meetings attended solely by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, (v) such Person shall not be entitled to any expense reimbursement or indemnification rights hereunder (including Section 9.03 or under any other Loan Document, (vi) such Person shall be otherwise deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, and (vii) in no event shall such Person be entitled to receive amounts set forth in Section 2.13(d) . Nothing in this Section 9.05(g) shall be deemed to prejudice any right or remedy that Holdings or the Borrowers may otherwise have at law or equity. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that Holdings and its subsidiaries will suffer irreparable harm if such Lender breaches any obligation under this Section 9.05 insofar as such obligation relates to any assignment, participation or pledge to any Disqualified Institution without the Parent Borrower s prior written consent and, therefore, each Lender agrees that Holdings and or any Borrower may seek to obtain specific performance or other equitable or injunctive relief to enforce this Section 9.05(g) against such Lender with respect to such breach without posting a bond or presenting evidence of irreparable harm. 
 
 (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of its Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans to an Affiliated Lender on a non- pro rata basis (A) through Dutch Auctions open to all Lenders holding the relevant Initial Term Loans or such Additional Term Loans, as applicable, on a pro rata basis or (B) through open market purchases, in each case with respect to clauses (A) and (B) , without the consent of the Administrative Agent provided that 
 
 (i) any Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans acquired by Holdings, the Borrowers or any of their subsidiaries shall be retired and cancelled to the extent permitted by applicable law provided that upon any such retirement and cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans, as applicable, shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans so retired and cancelled, and each principal repayment installment with respect to the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced on a pro rata basis by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans so cancelled 
 192 

(ii) any Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans acquired by any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate may (but shall not be required to) be contributed to any Borrower or any of its subsidiaries for purposes of cancelling such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans shall be retired and cancelled immediately upon such contribution to the extent permitted by applicable law) provided that upon any such cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans, as applicable, shall be deemed reduced, as of the date of such contribution, by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans so contributed and cancelled, and each principal repayment installment with respect to the Initial Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced pro rata by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Initial Term Loans so contributed and cancelled 
 
 (iii) the relevant Affiliated Lender and assigning Lender shall have executed an Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption and the Assignment shall have been recorded in the Register 
 
 (iv) after giving effect to such assignment and to all other assignments to all Affiliated Lenders, the aggregate principal amount of all Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans then held by all Affiliated Lenders shall not exceed 25 of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans then outstanding (after giving effect to any substantially simultaneous cancellations thereof) (the Affiliated Lender Cap provided that (x) each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever incurred or suffered by any Person in connection with any compliance or non-compliance with this clause (g)(iv) or any purported assignment exceeding the Affiliated Lender Cap (it being understood and agreed that the Affiliated Lender Cap is intended to apply to any Loans made available to Affiliated Lenders by means other than formal assignment e.g. , as a result of an acquisition of another Lender (other than any Debt Fund Affiliate)) by any Affiliated Lender or the provision of Additional Term Loans by any Affiliated Lender) and (y) that to the extent that any assignment to any Affiliated Lender would result in the aggregate principal amount of all Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans held by Affiliated Lenders exceeding the Affiliated Lender Cap (after giving effect to any substantially simultaneous cancellations thereof), the assignment of the relevant excess amount shall be deemed to have been contributed directly or indirectly to the relevant Borrower and cancelled 
 
 (v) in connection with any assignment effected pursuant to a Dutch Auction and or open market purchase conducted by Holdings, the Borrowers or any of their subsidiaries, (A) the relevant Person may not use the proceeds of the ABL Facility or any Additional Revolving Loans to fund such assignment and (B) no Event of Default exists at the time of acceptance of bids for the Dutch Auction or the confirmation of such open market purchase, as applicable and 
 
 (vi) by its acquisition of Term Loans, each relevant Affiliated Lender shall be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that 
 
 (A) subject to clause (iv) above, the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall be disregarded in both the numerator and denominator in the calculation of any Required Lender or other Lender vote 
 193 

(and the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall be deemed to be voted pro rata along with the other Lenders that are not Affiliated Lenders) provided that (x) such Affiliated Lender shall have the right to vote (and the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall not be so disregarded) with respect to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action that requires the vote of all Lenders or all Lenders directly and adversely affected thereby, as the case may be, and (y) no amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action shall (1) disproportionately affect such Affiliated Lender in its capacity as a Lender as compared to other Lenders of the same Class that are not Affiliated Lenders or (2) deprive any Affiliated Lender of its share of any payments which the Lenders are entitled to share on a pro rata basis hereunder, in each case without the consent of such Affiliated Lender and 
 
 (B) such Affiliated Lender, solely in its capacity as an Affiliated Lender, will not be entitled to (i) attend (including by telephone) or participate in any meeting or discussion (or portion thereof) among the Administrative Agent or any Lender or among Lenders to which the Loan Parties or their representatives are not invited or (ii) receive any information or material prepared by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any communication by or among the Administrative Agent and one or more Lenders, except to the extent such information or materials have been made available by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to any Loan Party or its representatives (and in any case, other than the right to receive notices of Borrowings, prepayments and other administrative notices in respect of its Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans required to be delivered to Lenders pursuant to Article II and 
 
 (vii) no Affiliated Lender shall be required to represent or warrant that it is not in possession of material non-public information with respect to Holdings, the Borrowers and or any subsidiary thereof and or their respective securities in connection with any assignment permitted by this Section 9.05(h) . 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of its Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans to any Debt Fund Affiliate, and any Debt Fund Affiliate may, from time to time, purchase Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans (x) on a non- pro rata basis through Dutch Auctions open to all applicable Lenders or (y) on a non- pro rata basis through open market purchases without the consent of the Administrative Agent, in each case, notwithstanding the requirements set forth in subclauses (i) through (vii) of this clause (g) provided that the Initial Term Loans, Additional Term Loans of all Debt Fund Affiliates shall not account for more than 49.9 of the amounts included in determining whether the Required Lenders have (A) consented to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, or subject to the immediately succeeding paragraph, any plan of reorganization pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code, (B) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document or (C) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document. Any Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans acquired by any Debt Fund Affiliate may (but shall not be required to) be contributed to any Borrower or any of its subsidiaries for purposes of cancelling such Indebtedness (it being understood that any Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans so contributed shall be retired and cancelled immediately to the extent permitted by applicable law) provided that upon any such cancellation, the aggregate 
 194 

outstanding principal amount of the Initial Term Loans or other Term Loans shall be deemed reduced, as of the date of such contribution, by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans so contributed and cancelled, and each principal repayment installment with respect to the Initial Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced pro rata by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Loans so contributed and cancelled. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, each Affiliated Lender hereby agrees that, if a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law is commenced by or against any Borrower or any other Loan Party at a time when such Lender is an Affiliated Lender, such Affiliated Lender irrevocably authorizes and empowers the Administrative Agent to vote on behalf of such Affiliated Lender with respect to the Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender in the same proportion as the vote of Lenders that are not Affiliated Lenders on the relevant matter provided that in connection with any matter that proposes to treat any Obligations held by such Affiliated Lender in a manner that is different than the proposed treatment of similar Obligations held by Lenders that are not Affiliates, (a) such Affiliated Lender shall be entitled to vote in accordance with its sole discretion and (b) the Administrative Agent shall not be entitled to vote on behalf of such Affiliated Lender. Each Affiliated Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent (such appointment being coupled with an interest) as such Affiliated Lender s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Affiliated Lender and in the name of such Affiliated Lender (solely in respect of Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans and participations therein and not in respect of any other claim or status that such Affiliated Lender may otherwise have), from time to time in the Administrative Agent s discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of (but subject to the limitations set forth in) this paragraph. 
 
 Section 9.06. Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent may have had notice or knowledge of any existing Default or Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date. The provisions of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 , 8.01 , 9.03 and 9.13 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of any Additional Commitment, the occurrence of the Termination Date or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof but in each case, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 Section 9.07. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution . 
 
 (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Intercreditor Agreements (and any other Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) and the Engagement Letter and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire agreement among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall become effective when it has been executed by Holdings, each Borrower and the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent has received 
 195 

counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or by email as a .pdf or .tiff attachment shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) This Agreement and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement (each a Communication ), including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent, and each Credit Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Credit Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is not under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Credit Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and or any Credit Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Credit Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and reasonably believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated, in each case. 
 
 Each of the Loan Parties and each Credit Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document, and (ii) 
 196 

waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Credit Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Credit Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature, except, in each case, to the extent resulting from the Administrative Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 Section 9.08. Severability . To the extent permitted by law, any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 Section 9.09. Right of Setoff . At any time when an Event of Default exists, upon the written consent of the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations (in any currency) at any time owing by the Administrative Agent or such Lender or Affiliate (including by branches and agencies of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, wherever located) to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower or any Loan Party against any of and all the Secured Obligations held by the Administrative Agent or such Lender or Affiliate, in each case, except to the extent such amounts, deposits, obligations, credit or account constitute Excluded Assets, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Lender or Affiliate shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender different than the branch or office holding such deposit or obligation on such Indebtedness. Any applicable Lender or Affiliate shall promptly notify the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such set-off or application provided that any failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such set-off or application under this Section 9.09 except to the extent such amounts, deposits, obligations, credit or account constitute Excluded Assets. The rights of each Lender, the Administrative Agent and each Affiliate under this Section 9.09 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender, the Administrative Agent or such Affiliate may have. 
 
 Section 9.10. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process . 
 
 (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS) AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS), WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT (AT LAW OR IN EQUITY) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 (b) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction (subject to the last sentence of this clause (b) of any U.S. Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, in the City of New York (or any appellate court therefrom) over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Documents and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding shall (except as permitted below) be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, federal court. Each party hereto agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or 
 197 

document by registered mail addressed to such person shall be effective service of process against such Person for any suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court. Each party hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Each party hereto agrees that the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties retain the right to bring proceedings against any loan party in the courts of any other jurisdiction solely in connection with the exercise of any rights under any Collateral Document. 
 
 (c) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.10 . Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claim or defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action, suit or proceeding in any such court. 
 
 (d) To the extent permitted by law, each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of any and all process upon it and agrees that all such service of process may be made by registered mail (or any substantially similar form of mail) directed to it at its address for notices as provided for in Section 9.01 . 
 
 (e) Each party hereto hereby waives any objection to such service of process and further irrevocably waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any action or proceeding commenced hereunder or under any loan document that service of process was invalid and ineffective. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

Section 9.11. Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY) DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.11 . 
 
 Section 9.12. Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 
 Section 9.13. Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Arranger agrees (and each Lender agrees to cause its SPC, if any) to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information (as defined below), except that Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, managers, employees, independent auditors, or other experts and advisors, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (collectively, the Representatives on a need to know basis solely in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and who are informed of the confidential nature of the 
 198 

Confidential Information and are or have been advised of their obligation to keep the Confidential Information of this type confidential provided that (x) such Person shall be responsible for its Affiliates and their Representatives compliance with this paragraph and (y) unless the Parent Borrower otherwise consents, no such disclosure shall be made by the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Lender or any Affiliate or Representative thereof to any Affiliate or Representative of the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, or any Lender that is a Disqualified Institution, (b) upon the demand or request of any regulatory or Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory body or any Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank acting as pledgee pursuant to Section 9.05 purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Affiliates (in which case such Person shall, except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any Governmental Authority or regulatory or self-regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, to the extent practicable and permitted by law, (i) inform the Parent Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment), (c) to the extent compelled by legal process in, or reasonably necessary to, the defense of such legal, judicial or administrative proceeding, in any legal, judicial or administrative proceeding or otherwise as required by applicable Requirements of Law (in which case such Person shall (i) to the extent practicable and permitted by law, inform the Parent Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment), (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) to any Lender, Participant, counterparty or prospective Lender, Participant or counterparty, subject to an acknowledgment and agreement by the relevant recipient that the Confidential Information is being disseminated on a confidential basis (on substantially the terms set forth in this paragraph or as otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent) in accordance with the standard syndication process of the Arrangers or market standards for dissemination of the relevant type of information, which shall in any event require click through or other affirmative action on the part of the recipient to access the Confidential Information and acknowledge its confidentiality obligations in respect thereof, to (i) any Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or prospective Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, including any SPC (in each case other than a Disqualified Institution), (ii) any pledgee referred to in Section 9.05 and (iii) any actual or prospective, direct or indirect contractual counterparty (or its advisors) to any Derivative Transaction (including any credit default swap) or similar derivative product to which any Loan Party is a party, (f) with the prior written consent of the Parent Borrower and subject to the Parent Borrower s prior approval of the information to be disclosed (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to one or more ratings agencies in connection with obtaining ratings (including shadow ratings of any Borrower or the Loans, (g) to the extent the Confidential Information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.13 by such Person, its Affiliates or their respective Representatives, (h) to insurers, any numbering administration or settlement services providers on a need to know basis solely in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and who are informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and are or have been advised of their obligation to keep the Confidential Information of this type confidential provided that any disclosure made in reliance on this clause (h) is limited to the general terms of this Agreement and does not include financial or other information relating to Holdings, the Borrowers and or any of their respective subsidiaries and (i) to the extent required to be so disclosed in any public filings by a Lender with the SEC. For purposes of this Section 9.13 , Confidential Information means all information relating to the Borrowers and or any of their subsidiaries and their respective businesses, the Sponsor or the Transactions (including any information obtained by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Arranger, or any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives, based on a review of the books and records relating to the Borrowers and or any of their subsidiaries and their respective Affiliates from time to time, including prior to the date hereof) other than any such information that is publicly available to the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by any Borrower or any of its 
 199 

subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall any disclosure of any Confidential Information be made to Person that is a Disqualified Institution at the time of disclosure. 
 
 Section 9.14. No Fiduciary Duty . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, each Lender and their respective Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders ), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Loan Parties, their stockholders and or their respective affiliates. Each Loan Party agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand, and such Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective affiliates, on the other. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that (i) the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise any Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective Affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to any Loan Party except the obligations expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and (y) each Lender is acting solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of such Loan Party, its respective management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that such Loan Party has consulted its own legal, tax and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. 
 
 Section 9.15. Several Obligations . The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and the failure of any Lender to make any Loan or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. 
 
 Section 9.16. USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 
 Section 9.17. Disclosure . Each Loan Party and each Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent and or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with any of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates. 
 
 Section 9.18. Appointment for Perfection . Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in Collateral which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable law can be perfected only by possession and such possession is required by the Perfection Requirements. If any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent) obtains possession of any Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof and, promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agent s instructions. 
 
 200 

Section 9.19. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charged Amounts ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charged Amounts payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charged Amounts that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 9.19 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charged Amounts payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 
 Section 9.20. Intercreditor Agreement . 
 
 REFERENCE IS MADE TO THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENTS AND EACH OTHER APPLICABLE ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. EACH LENDER HEREUNDER AGREES THAT IT WILL BE BOUND BY AND WILL TAKE NO ACTIONS CONTRARY TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENTS OR SUCH OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND AUTHORIZES AND INSTRUCTS THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT TO ENTER INTO THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AS AGENT AND ON BEHALF OF SUCH LENDER. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 9.20 ARE NOT INTENDED TO SUMMARIZE ALL RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. REFERENCE MUST BE MADE TO THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ITSELF TO UNDERSTAND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS THEREOF. EACH LENDER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR MAKING ITS OWN ANALYSIS AND REVIEW OF THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT (AND ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT) AND THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS THEREOF, AND NEITHER THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION TO ANY LENDER AS TO THE SUFFICIENCY OR ADVISABILITY OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED IN THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENTS OR ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. 
 
 Section 9.21. Conflicts . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document (but excluding any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and any other Loan Document (excluding any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), the terms of this Agreement shall govern and control provided that in the case of any conflict or inconsistency between any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and any other Loan Document, the terms of such Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. 
 
 Section 9.22. Release of Guarantors . 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything in Section 9.02(b) to the contrary, (I) any Subsidiary Guarantor shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder (and its Loan Guaranty shall be automatically released) (x) upon the consummation of any permitted transaction or series of related transactions if as a result thereof such Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction or series of related 
 201 

transactions permitted hereunder) as certified by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower, (y) in the case of any Discretionary Guarantor, the Parent Borrower elects, in its sole discretion, any Discretionary Guarantor to be released from its obligations hereunder, so long as in the case of any such Discretionary Guarantor that is a Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, (i) such Discretionary Guarantor is or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction or series of related transactions permitted hereunder and (ii) after giving effect to such election and release, the Indebtedness of such Discretionary Guarantor outstanding upon such election and release will be deemed to constitute Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party for purposes of this Agreement, in each case as certified by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower, and or (z) upon the occurrence of the Termination Date and (II) upon the consummation of the Performance Chemicals Sale, (I) the Performance Chemicals Companies shall automatically be released from their obligations hereunder (and their Loan Guaranty shall be automatically released) and all liens on their assets released and terminated and (II) CPQ shall automatically be released from its Loan Guaranty and all pledges of equity interests of all of the Performance Chemicals Companies shall be released and terminated. In connection with any such release, the Administrative Agent shall promptly execute and deliver to the relevant Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to the preceding sentence of this Section 9.22 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent (other than as to the Administrative Agent s authority to execute and deliver such documents). 
 
 (b) As of the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, Ecovyst agrees that it shall be the Parent Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in the place and stead of PQ. As of the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, PQ shall be released and discharged from the Loan Documents. Ecovyst acknowledges that it shall not be relieved or discharged from any obligations under or in connection with the Loan Guaranty that arise or are attributable to the period on or prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date. 
 
 (c) As of the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, CPQ hereby irrevocably transfers and assigns to Midco, and Midco hereby irrevocably accepts and assumes from CPQ, all of CPQ s past, present and future rights, titles, interests, duties and obligations in, to and under the Loan Documents (such assignment, the Holdings Assignment ). By virtue of this Agreement, as of the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date and upon consummation of the Midco Transactions, Midco (x) agrees that it shall be Holdings under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in the place and stead of CPQ, (y) further undertakes and agrees from and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date to pay, perform and discharge when and as due each and every past, present and future duty and obligation of Holdings arising under or in connection with this Agreement and of CPQ under the other Loan Documents and (z) agrees that it is bound by all of the terms, conditions and provisions contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the foregoing, upon consummation of the Midco Transactions, Midco hereby agrees that it assumes all of the obligations of CPQ under the Loan Guarantee and does hereby grant of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a security interest in all of its Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement), including, without limitation, its equity interest in Ecovyst, to secure the payment and performance of the Obligations. As of the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date and upon consummation of the Midco Transactions, CPQ shall be released and discharged from the Loan Documents. 
 
 Section 9.23. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the 
 202 

applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 
 Section 9.24. Lender Representation . Each Lender as of the Closing Date represents and warrants as of the Closing Date to the Administrative Agent and each other Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, for the benefit of any Borrower or any other Loan Party, that such Lender is not and will not be (1) an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of ERISA, (2) a plan or account subject to Section 4975 of the Code (3) an entity deemed to hold plan assets of any such plans or accounts for purposes of ERISA or the Code or (4) a governmental plan within the meaning of ERISA. 
 
 Section 9.25. Undesignation of a Borrower . The Parent Borrower may undesignate any Borrower (other than PQ or Ecovyst, as applicable) as a Borrower by delivering to the Administrative Agent prior written notice thereof so long as the Loans and all other principal, interest, fees and other amounts and Obligations due of such undesignated Borrower have been paid in full (or, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and subject to documentation reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, have been assumed by another Borrower). Such undesignation shall, subject to the forgoing sentence, be at the sole discretion of the Parent Borrower, and it may be made in connection with a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or property of any Borrower (other than PQ or Ecovyst, as applicable) that is otherwise permitted by this Agreement, or in connection with any other transaction that is otherwise permitted by this Agreement pursuant to which any Borrower (other than PQ or Ecovyst, as applicable) ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 
 Section 9.26. Certain ERISA Matters . 
 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 
 203 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments, 
 
 (ii) the prohibited transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable so as to exempt from the prohibitions of ERISA Section 406 and Code Section 4975 , such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 
 (b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that 
 
 (i) none of the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers or their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto), 
 
 (ii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21) and is a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management or control, total assets of at least 50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E), 
 
 (iii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the 
 204 

Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Obligations), 
 
 (iv) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder, and 
 
 (v) no fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or any their respective Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement. 
 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and each Arranger hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 
 Section 9.27. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedge Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties hereto hereby acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan 
 205 

Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender hereunder shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party under a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 
 (b) As used in this Section 9.27 , the following terms have the following meanings 
 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Covered Entity means any of the following 
 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 
 (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 
 (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

Signature Pages Follow 

206 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

CPQ MIDCO I CORPORATION, as Holdings prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date By Name Title PQ CORPORATION, as the Parent Borrower prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date By Name Title ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES LLC, as a Borrower and, on and after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, the Parent Borrower By Name Title ECO SERVICES OPERATIONS CORP., as a Borrower By Name Title 

207 

CREDIT SUISSE AG, CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH, as Administrative Agent By Name Title By Name Title 

208 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender By Name Title 

209 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 Amended Exhibits 
 
 See Attached. 

1 

EXHIBIT B 
 FORM OF 
 BORROWING REQUEST 
 
 Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch 
 Eleven Madison Avenue, 6th Floor 
 New York, New York 10010 
 Attention Loan Operations Agency Manager 
 Fax (212)-322-2291 
 Email agency.loanops credit-suisse.com 
 , 20 1 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2021 (as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Term Loan Credit Agreement ), by and among CPQ Midco I Corporation, a Delaware corporation CPQ ), as Holdings prior to the consummation of the Holdings Assignment, PQ Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation PQ ), as the Parent Borrower prior to the consummation of the Performance Chemicals Sale, Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Ecovyst ), as a Borrower and, on and after the Performance Chemicals Closing Date, the Parent Borrower, Eco Services Operations Corp., a Delaware corporation Eco Services ), as a Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto including, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent (the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 The undersigned hereby gives you notice (the Borrowing Request pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Term Loan Credit Agreement of its request for a Borrowing (the Requested Borrowing under the Term Loan Credit Agreement, and in that connection sets forth below the terms on which the Requested Borrowing is requested to be made 
 
 (A) Date of Requested Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day) 
 
 1 For Borrowings after the Closing Date, must be in writing or by telephone (and promptly confirmed in writing) and must be received by the Administrative Agent (by hand delivery, fax or other electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tiff )) not later than (i) 2 00 p.m. three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing, conversion or continuation of LIBO Rate SOFR Loans (or two Business Days in the case of any Borrowing of LIBO Rate SOFR Loans to be made on the Closing Date) or (ii) by 12 00 p.m. (Noon) on the requested date of any Borrowing of ABR Loans (or, in each case, such later time as shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent) provided , however , that if a Borrower wishes to request LIBO Rate SOFR Loans having an Interest Period of other than one (1), three (3) or six (6) months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, (A) the applicable notice from such Borrower must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 2 00 p.m. four (4) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation (or such later time as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the appropriate Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to them and ascertainable by the Administrative Agent or, in the case of Interest Periods shorter than twelve (12) months, subject to the Administrative Agent s consent and (B) not later than 12 00 p.m. (Noon) three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify such Borrower whether or not the requested Interest Period has been consented to by all the appropriate Lenders and can be accommodated by the Administrative Agent . 
 2 

(B) Aggregate Amount of Requested Borrowing 2 
 
 (C) Type of Requested Borrowing 3 
 
 (D) Class of Requested Borrowing 
 
 (E) Interest Period 4 (in the case 
 of a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing) 
 
 (F) Amount, Account Number and Location 
 
 Wire Transfer Instructions Amount Bank ABA No. Account No. Account Name 
 
 (G) Borrower 
 
 This Borrowing Request (and the Requested Borrowing) is conditioned on the consummation of ___ 5 prior to or substantially simultaneously with the Requested Borrowing. 6 

2 Subject to Section 2.02(c) of the Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 3 State whether a LIBO Rate SOFR Borrowing or ABR Borrowing. If no Type of Requested Borrowing is specified, then the Requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. 
 4 Must be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period . If no Interest Period is specified, then the Interest Period shall be of one-month s duration. 
 5 Identify applicable permitted acquisition, investment or irrevocable repayment or redemption of Indebtedness that such Borrowing is being used to fund. 
 6 To be included for a Borrowing Request made in connection with any permitted acquisition, investment or irrevocable repayment or redemption of Indebtedness. 

3 

Very truly yours, PQ CORPORATION By Name Title ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES LLC By Name Title 

4 

EXHIBIT D 
 FORM OF 
 INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST 

Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch 
 Eleven Madison Avenue, 6th Floor 
 New York, New York 10010 
 Attention Loan Operations Agency Manager 
 Fax (212)-322-2291 
 Email agency.loanops credit-suisse.com 
 
 , 20 7 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of June 9, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect on the date hereof, the Term Loan Credit Agreement ), by and among CPQ Midco I Corporation, a Delaware corporation CPQ ), as Holdings prior to the consummation of the Holdings Assignment, PQ Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation PQ ), as the Parent Borrower prior to the consummation of the Performance Chemicals Sale, Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Ecovyst ), as a Borrower and, on and after the Performance Chemicals Closing Date, the Parent Borrower, Eco Services Operations Corp., a Delaware corporation Eco Services ), as a Borrower and the Lenders from time to time party thereto including, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent (the Administrative Agent ). Terms defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement are used herein with the same meanings unless otherwise defined herein. 
 
 The undersigned hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 2.08 of the Term Loan Credit Agreement of an interest rate election, and in that connection sets forth below the terms thereof 

7 The Administrative Agent must be notified in writing or by telephone (and promptly confirmed in writing), which must be received by the Administrative Agent (by hand delivery, fax or other electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tiff )) not later than (i) 2 00 p.m. three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing, conversion or continuation of LIBO Rate SOFR Loans (or two Business Days in the case of any Borrowing of LIBO Rate SOFR Loans to be made on the Closing Date) or (ii) by 12 00 p.m. (Noon) on the requested date of any Borrowing of ABR Loans (or, in each case, such later time as shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent) provided , however , that if a Borrower wishes to request LIBO Rate SOFR Loans having an Interest Period of other than one (1), three (3) or six (6) months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, (A) the applicable notice from such Borrower must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 2 00 p.m. four (4) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation (or such later time as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the appropriate Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest 
 5 

Period is acceptable to them and ascertainable by the Administrative Agent or, in the case of Interest Periods shorter than twelve (12) months, subject to the Administrative Agent s consent and (B) not later than 12 00 p.m. (Noon) three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify such Borrower whether or not the requested Interest Period is available to can be accommodated by the Administrative Agent and the appropriate Lenders. 

(A) on insert applicable date (which is a Business Day), the undersigned will convert 8 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Revolving Loans loaned to , bearing interest at the ABR LIBO Rate Rate Adjusted Term SOFR , into a LIBO SOFR ABR Loan and, in the case of a LIBO Rate SOFR Loan, having an Interest Period of month(s) 9 and . 
 
 (B) on insert applicable date (which is a Business Day), the undersigned will continue of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Revolving Loans bearing interest at the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR loaned to , as LIBO Rate SOFR Loans having an Interest Period of month(s) 10 . 

Signature Page Follows 

8 Subject to Section 2.02(c) of the Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 9 Must be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period . 
 10 Must be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period . 
 
 6 

PQ CORPORATION By Name Title ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES LLC By Name Title 

7 

EXHIBIT G 
 
 FORM OF 
 PROMISSORY NOTE 
 
 New York, New York 
 , 20 
 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned PQ Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Eco Services Operations Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay on demand to (the Lender or its registered permitted assign, at the office of Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch Credit Suisse at Eleven Madison Avenue, 6th Floor, New York, New York 10010 , Term Revolving Loans in the principal amount of or such lesser amount as is outstanding from time to time, on the dates and in the amounts set forth in the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of June 9, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect on the date hereof, the Term Loan Credit Agreement ), by and among CPQ Midco I Corporation, a Delaware corporation CPQ ), as Holdings prior to the consummation of the Holdings Assignment, the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto including, Credit Suisse in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent (the Administrative Agent ). The Borrower also promises to pay interest from the date of such Loans on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, in like Dollars, at such office, in each case, in the manner and at the rate or rates per annum and payable on the dates provided in the Term Loan Credit Agreement. Terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Borrower promises to pay interest on any overdue principal and, to the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, overdue interest from the relevant due dates, in each case, in the manner, at the rate or rates and under the circumstances provided in the Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Borrower hereby waives diligence, presentment, demand, protest and notice of any kind to the extent possible under any applicable Requirements of Law. The non-exercise by the holder hereof of any of its rights hereunder in any particular instance shall not constitute a waiver thereof in that or any subsequent instance. 
 
 All Borrowings evidenced by this Promissory Note and all payments and prepayments of the principal hereof and interest hereon and the respective dates thereof shall be endorsed by the holder hereof on the schedules attached hereto and made a part hereof or on a continuation thereof which shall be attached hereto and made a part hereof, or otherwise recorded by such holder in its internal records provided , however , that the failure of the holder hereof to make such a notation or any error in such notation shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Promissory Note. 
 
 This Promissory Note is one of the promissory notes referred to in the Term Loan Credit Agreement that, among other things, contains provisions for the acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain events, for optional and mandatory prepayment of the principal hereof prior to the maturity hereof and for the amendment or waiver of certain provisions of the Term Loan Credit Agreement, all upon the terms and conditions therein specified. This Promissory Note is entitled to the benefit of the Term Loan Credit Agreement, and the obligations hereunder are guaranteed and secured as provided therein and in the other Loan Documents referred to in the Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 
 If any assignment by the Lender holding this Promissory Note occurs after the date of the issuance hereof, the Lender agrees that it shall, upon the effectiveness of such assignment or as promptly thereafter as practicable, surrender this Promissory Note to the Administrative Agent for cancellation. 
 8 

THE ASSIGNMENT OF THIS PROMISSORY NOTE AND ANY RIGHTS WITH RESPECT THERETO ARE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE PROVISIONS GOVERNING THE REGISTER AND THE PARTICIPANT REGISTER. 
 
 THIS PROMISSORY NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

PQ CORPORATION By Name Title ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES LLC By Name Title EO SERVICES OPERATIONS CORP. By Name Title 

9 

SCHEDULE A 

LOANS, CONVERSIONS AND REPAYMENTS OF ABR LOANS 
 
 Date Amount of ABR Loans Amount Converted to ABR Loans Amount of Principal of ABR Loans Repaid Amount of ABR Loans Converted to LIBO Rate SOFR Loans 
 Unpaid Principal Balance of ABR Loans Notation Made By 

10 

SCHEDULE B 
 
 LOANS, CONTINUATIONS, CONVERSIONS AND REPAYMENTS OF LIBO RATE SOFR LOANS 
 
 Date Amount of LIBO Rate SOFR Loans 
 Amount Converted to LIBO Rate SOFR Loans 
 Amount of Principal of LIBO Rate SOFR Loans Repaid 
 Amount of LIBO Rate SOFR Loans Converted to ABR Loans 
 Unpaid Principal Balance of LIBO Rate SOFR Loans 
 Notation Made By 
 11 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 3
 ex1028-fourthamendmentagre.htm
 EX-10.28

Document 

Exhibit 10.28 
 
 Fourth AMENDMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This FOURTH AMENDMENT AGREEMENT , dated as of February 17, 2023 (this Fourth Amendment is entered into by and among Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the US Borrower or the Lead Borrower ), Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies UK Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with company number 13273211 (the European Borrower ), Ecovyst Midco II Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), and Citibank, N.A. as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 A. The Lead Borrower, Holdings, the European Borrowers and the Guarantors from time to time party thereto (together with the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers ), the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent have entered into that certain ABL Credit Agreement dated as of May 4, 2016 (as amended by the First Amendment Agreement dated March 20, 2020, the Second Amendment Agreement dated December 22, 2020, the Third Amendment dated June 9, 2021, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and immediately prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), the Existing Credit Agreement and the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Fourth Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ). Except as otherwise provided herein, all capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 
 B. Certain loans under the Existing Credit Agreement bear interest, or incur or are permitted to incur fees, commissions or other amounts, based on LIBOR in accordance with the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 
 C. The Administrative Agent has made an Early Opt-in Election with respect to LIBOR and the applicable parties to the Existing Credit Agreement have determined that LIBOR should be replaced with Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) pursuant to this Fourth Amendment, in each case, in accordance with Section 2.14(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 
 D. The amendments and modifications set forth in this Fourth Amendment constitute Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (or other similar conforming changes) for purposes of the Existing Credit Agreement, and the Fourth Amendment Effective Date shall constitute the Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 
 Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . In accordance with Section 2.14(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement, (x) the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text as set forth in the changed pages of the Existing Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto and (y) the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended to replace Exhibits B-1, D, and G with the exhibits attached as Exhibit B hereto. 
 
 SECTION 2. Representations and Warranties . In order to induce the Administrative Agent to enter into this Fourth Amendment, the Lead Borrower hereby represents and warrants to each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on and as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date that 

(a) Existence, Qualification and Power . Each of the Lead Borrower and each other Loan Party party hereto (i) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and (ii) has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Fourth Amendment and perform its obligations under this Fourth Amendment. 
 
 (b) Authorization No Contravention . The execution and delivery of this Fourth Amendment by the Lead Borrower and each other Loan Party party hereto and performance of this Fourth Amendment by the Lead Borrower and each other Loan Party party hereto have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of its certificate or articles of incorporation or organization or other applicable constitutive documents, (ii) violate any law and (iii) is duly qualified to do business in and, as applicable, in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) in each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except, in the case referred to in clause (iii), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (c) Execution and Delivery Binding Effect . This Fourth Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Lead Borrower and each other Loan Party party hereto. This Fourth Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Lead Borrower and each other Loan Party party hereto, enforceable against the Lead Borrower or such other Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to the Legal Reservations. 
 
 SECTION 3. Conditions to Effectiveness of this Fourth Amendment . This Fourth Amendment shall become effective as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the date hereof (the Fourth Amendment Effective Date if, and only if, the following conditions precedent have been satisfied (a) the Administrative Agent has received this Fourth Amendment executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Lead Borrower and each other applicable Loan Party party hereto and (b) the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to this Fourth Amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 
 SECTION 4. Effect of Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 (a) Except as expressly set forth herein or in the Amended Credit Agreement, this Fourth Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit Agreement or the Amended Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or of any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle the Borrowers, any other Loan Party or any other Person to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances. 
 
 (b) On the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended as set forth in Section 1 above. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) this Fourth Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or other document or instrument executed and delivered in connection herewith do not constitute a novation, or termination of the obligations of the Borrowers and each other Loan Party under the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Existing Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement, as in effect prior to the Fourth Amendment 
 2 

Effective Date (collectively, the Obligations and (ii) such Obligations are in all respects continuing (as amended by this Fourth Amendment) with only the terms thereof being modified to the extent provided in this Fourth Amendment, and the Borrowers and each other Loan Party reaffirm such Obligations, including in respect of any guaranties of, and any pledges of collateral securing, such Obligations. Upon the date hereof, the provisions of this Fourth Amendment will become effective and binding upon, and enforceable against, the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 
 (c) On and after the date hereof, each reference in the Amended Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , herein or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Fourth Amendment, and this Fourth Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement shall be read together and construed as a single instrument. 
 
 (d) This Fourth Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes under the Amended Credit Agreement and shall be administered and construed pursuant to the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, (i) all Loans outstanding as of the date hereof that are LIBO Rate Revolving Loans (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) bearing interest based on LIBOR (the Existing LIBOR Loans shall continue to accrue interest based on the LIBO Rate (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) plus the Applicable Rate determined in accordance with the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect immediately prior to the date hereof and their applicable existing Interest Periods (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) until the last day of the Interest Period applicable to each such Existing LIBOR Loan, and thereafter, all Existing LIBOR Loans shall either be repaid, converted or continued as determined in accordance with the Amended Credit Agreement, and (ii) subject to any express limitations set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i) , the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect immediately prior to the date hereof in respect of the administration of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans based on LIBOR (solely with respect to the Existing LIBOR Loans) shall remain in effect from and after the date hereof until the last day of the Interest Period applicable to each such Existing LIBOR Loan, in each case, solely for purposes of administering the Existing LIBOR Loans (including, without limitation, with respect to the payment of interest accrued thereon). 
 
 SECTION 5. Notice . To the extent that the Administrative Agent is required (pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement) to provide notice to the Borrowers, any Lender or any other Party party to the Existing Credit Agreement of (i) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election with respect to USD LIBOR, (ii) a Benchmark Replacement Date, (iii) the implementation of Adjusted Term SOFR as a Benchmark Replacement or (iv) any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with the adoption and implementation of Adjusted Term SOFR or the use and administration thereof, this Fourth Amendment shall constitute such notice. 
 
 SECTION 6. Expenses . The Lead Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Fourth Amendment and any other documents prepared in connection herewith. The Lead Borrower hereby confirms that the indemnification provisions set for in Section 9.03 of the Amended Credit Agreement shall apply to this Fourth Amendment and such losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (as more fully set forth herein as applicable) which may arise here from or in connection herewith. 
 
 SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Fourth Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original but 
 3 

all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract, and shall become effective as provided in Section 3. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Fourth Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission (including pdf and electronic signatures) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Fourth Amendment and shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 
 SECTION 8. Applicable Law . THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 SECTION 9. Headings . Headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Fourth Amendment and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Fourth Amendment. 
 
 Signature pages follow 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Fourth Amendment to be duly executed by their respective officers as of the day and year first above written. 

ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES LLC as Lead Borrower By s Joseph S. Koscinski Name Joseph S. Koscinski Title Secretary ECOVYST MIDCO II INC. as Holdings By s Joseph S. Koscinski Name Joseph S. Koscinski Title President and Secretary ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES UK LIMITED as European Borrower By s Joseph S. Koscinski Name Joseph S. Koscinski Title Director 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment Agreement 
 
 5 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND ACCEPTED BY 
 
 CITIBANK, N.A. , as Administrative Agent 

By s Christopher Marino 
 
 Name Christopher Marino 
 Title Vice President & Director 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment Agreement 
 6 

EXHIBIT A 
 Amended Credit Agreement 
 See Attached. 
 
 7 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 ABL CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Dated as of May 4, 2016 
 as amended and restated as of March 20, 2020 
 as amended as of December 22, 2020 
 as amended and restated as of June 9, 2021 
 as amended as of February 17, 2023 
 
 among 
 
 ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES LLC, 
 as the US Borrower 
 
 THE EUROPEAN BORROWERS PARTY HERETO, 
 ECOVYST MIDCO II INC., 
 as Holdings, 
 
 THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO, 
 as Lenders, 
 
 CITIBANK, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Issuing Bank, 
 
 and 
 CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., CREDIT SUISSE LOAN FUNDING LLC, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS INC., 
 and TRUIST SECURITIES, INC., 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

8 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 2 
 ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS 
 
 Section 1.01 Defined Terms................................................................................................................ 2 
 Section 1.02 Classification of Revolving Loans and Borrowings................................................ 77 78 
 Section 1.03 Terms Generally........................................................................................................ 77 78 
 Section 1.04 Accounting Terms GAAP........................................................................................ 78 79 
 Section 1.05 Effectuation of Transactions..................................................................................... 79 80 
 Section 1.06 Timing of Payment of Performance......................................................................... 79 80 
 Section 1.07 Times of Day............................................................................................................ 79 80 
 Section 1.08 Currency Generally.................................................................................................. 79 80 
 Section 1.09 Cashless Rollovers................................................................................................... 80 81 
 Section 1.10 Certain Calculations and Tests................................................................................. 80 81 
 Section 1.11 Rounding...................................................................................................................... 84 
 Section 1.12 Alternate Currencies................................................................................................. 84 85 
 Section 1.13 Divisions...................................................................................................................... 85 
 Section 1.14 Rate LIBOR 
 Notification . ................................................................................................................ 85 
 ............................... ..................................................................................................................................... . 86 
 
 ARTICLE 2 THE CREDITS 85 86 
 
 Section 2.01 Commitments............................................................................................................... 86 
 Section 2.02 Loans and Borrowings................................................................................................. 87 
 Section 2.03 Requests for Borrowings.............................................................................................. 88 
 Section 2.04 Overadvances........................................................................................................... 89 90 
 Section 2.05 Letters of Credit....................................................................................................... 90 91 
 Section 2.06 Protective Advances.................................................................................................... 96 
 Section 2.07 Funding of Borrowings............................................................................................ 96 97 
 Section 2.08 Type Interest Elections............................................................................................ 97 98 
 Section 2.09 Termination and Reduction of Commitments.......................................................... 98 99 
 Section 2.10 Repayment of Revolving Loans Evidence of Debt............................................... 99 100 
 Section 2.11 Prepayment of Revolving Loans.......................................................................... 100 101 
 Section 2.12 Fees.............................................................................................................................102 
 Section 2.13 Interest........................................................................................................................ 103 
 Section 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest Effect of Benchmark Transition 
 Event Replacement Setting ...................................................................................... 104 
 Section 2.15 Increased Costs.................................................................................................... 105 106 
 Section 2.16 Break Funding Payments..................................................................................... 106 107 
 Section 2.17 Taxes.................................................................................................................... 107 108 
 Section 2.18 Payments Generally Allocation of Proceeds Sharing of Payments................... 114 115 
 Section 2.19 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders................................................ 117 118 
 Section 2.20 Illegality............................................................................................................... 118 119 
 9 

Section 2.21 Defaulting Lenders............................................................................................... 119 120 
 Section 2.22 Incremental Facilities........................................................................................... 121 122 
 Section 2.23 Extensions of Revolving Loans and Commitments............................................. 123 124 
 
 ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 125 127 
 
 Section 3.01 Organization Powers............................................................................................ 126 127 
 Section 3.02 Authorization Enforceability................................................................................ 126 127 
 Section 3.03 Governmental Approvals No Conflicts................................................................ 126 127 
 Section 3.04 Financial Condition No Material Adverse Effect................................................. 126 127 
 Section 3.05 Properties............................................................................................................... 126 128 
 Section 3.06 Litigation and Environmental Matters.................................................................. 127 128 
 Section 3.07 Compliance with Laws.......................................................................................... 127 128 
 Section 3.08 Investment Company Status.................................................................................. 127 129 
 Section 3.09 Taxes..................................................................................................................... 127 129 
 Section 3.10 ERISA................................................................................................................... 128 129 
 Section 3.11 Disclosure.............................................................................................................. 128 129 
 Section 3.12 Solvency................................................................................................................ 128 129 
 Section 3.13 Capitalization and Subsidiaries.............................................................................. 128 130 
 Section 3.14 Security Interest in Collateral................................................................................ 128 130 
 Section 3.15 Labor Disputes...................................................................................................... 129 130 
 Section 3.16 Federal Reserve Regulations................................................................................. 129 130 
 Section 3.17 Economic and Trade Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws................................. 129 130 
 Section 3.18 Borrowing Base Certificates................................................................................. 129 131 
 Section 3.19 Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts........................................................... 130 131 
 Section 3.20 UK Pensions.......................................................................................................... 130 131 
 
 ARTICLE 4 CONDITIONS 130 131 
 
 Section 4.01 Closing Date.......................................................................................................... 130 131 
 Section 4.02 Each Credit Extension........................................................................................... 132 133 
 
 ARTICLE 5 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 133 134 
 Section 5.01 Financial Statements and Other Reports............................................................... 133 134 
 Section 5.02 Existence............................................................................................................... 137 138 
 Section 5.03 Payment of Taxes.................................................................................................. 137 138 
 Section 5.04 Maintenance of Properties..................................................................................... 137 139 
 Section 5.05 Insurance............................................................................................................... 138 139 
 Section 5.06 Inspections............................................................................................................ 138 139 
 Section 5.07 Maintenance of Books and Records...................................................................... 139 140 
 Section 5.08 Compliance with Laws.......................................................................................... 139 140 
 Section 5.09 Compliance with Environmental Laws................................................................. 139 140 
 Section 5.10 Designation of Subsidiaries................................................................................... 139 141 
 Section 5.11 Use of Proceeds..................................................................................................... 140 141 
 Section 5.12 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security........................................ 140 141 
 Section 5.13 Reserved ............................................................................................................. 142 143 
 10 

Section 5.14 Reserved ............................................................................................................. 142 143 
 Section 5.15 Further Assurances................................................................................................ 142 143 
 Section 5.16 Cash Management................................................................................................. 142 143 
 Section 5.17 Centre of Main Interest......................................................................................... 145 146 
 Section 5.18 UK Pensions.......................................................................................................... 145 146 
 
 ARTICLE 6 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 145 146 
 
 Section 6.01 Indebtedness.......................................................................................................... 145 147 
 Section 6.02 Liens...................................................................................................................... 151 152 
 Section 6.03 No Further Negative Pledges................................................................................ 155 156 
 Section 6.04 Restricted Payments Certain Payments of Indebtedness...................................... 156 157 
 Section 6.05 Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions............................................................... 161 162 
 Section 6.06 Investments........................................................................................................... 162 164 
 Section 6.07 Fundamental Changes Disposition of Assets....................................................... 165 167 
 Section 6.08 Reserved ............................................................................................................. 169 170 
 Section 6.09 Transactions with Affiliates.................................................................................. 169 170 
 Section 6.10 Conduct of Business.............................................................................................. 171 172 
 Section 6.11 Reserved ............................................................................................................. 171 172 
 Section 6.12 Amendments of or Waivers with Respect to Restricted Debt................................ 171 172 
 Section 6.13 Fiscal Year............................................................................................................ 171 173 
 Section 6.14 Permitted Activities of Holdings........................................................................... 171 173 
 Section 6.15 Financial Covenant................................................................................................ 173 174 
 
 ARTICLE 7 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 174 175 
 
 Section 7.01 Events of Default.................................................................................................. 174 175 
 
 ARTICLE 8 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 177 178 
 
 Section 8.01 The Administrative Agent..................................................................................... 177 178 
 Section 8.02 Parallel Debt.......................................................................................................... 185 186 
 Section 8.03 Erroneous Payments.............................................................................................. 186 187 
 
 ARTICLE 9 MISCELLANEOUS 188 189 
 
 Section 9.01 Notices.................................................................................................................. 188 189 
 Section 9.02 Waivers Amendments.......................................................................................... 191 192 
 Section 9.03 Expenses Indemnity............................................................................................. 194 196 
 Section 9.04 Waiver of Claim.................................................................................................... 196 197 
 Section 9.05 Successors and Assigns.......................................................................................... 196 197 
 Section 9.06 Survival................................................................................................................. 202 203 
 Section 9.07 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness............................................................... 202 203 
 Section 9.08 Severability........................................................................................................... 203 205 
 Section 9.09 Right of Setoff....................................................................................................... 203 205 
 Section 9.10 Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process............................... 204 205 
 Section 9.11 Waiver of Jury Trial.............................................................................................. 205 206 
 11 

Section 9.12 Headings................................................................................................................ 205 206 
 Section 9.13 Confidentiality...................................................................................................... 205 207 
 Section 9.14 No Fiduciary Duty................................................................................................ 206 208 
 Section 9.15 Several Obligations............................................................................................... 207 208 
 Section 9.16 USA PATRIOT Act.............................................................................................. 207 208 
 Section 9.17 Disclosure.............................................................................................................. 207 208 
 Section 9.18 Appointment for Perfection................................................................................... 207 208 
 Section 9.19 Interest Rate Limitation......................................................................................... 207 209 
 Section 9.20 Intercreditor Agreement......................................................... ........................... 208 209 
 Section 9.21 Conflicts................................................................................................................ 208 209 
 Section 9.22 Release of Guarantors........................................................................................... 208 210 
 Section 9.23 Acknowledgement and Consent of Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions...... 209 210 
 Section 9.24 Judgment Currency............................................................................................... 209 211 
 Section 9.25 Representation Dutch Loan Party......................................................................... 210 211 
 Section 9.26 Certain ERISA Matters......................................................................................... 210 211 
 Section 9.27 Amendment and Restatement................................................................................ 212 213 
 Section 9.28 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs........................................... 212 213 

SCHEDULES Schedule 1.01(a) Commitment Schedule Schedule 1.01(b) Reserved Schedule 1.01(c) Specified Lease Transactions Schedule 1.01(d) Existing Letters of Credit Schedule 3.05 Fee Owned Real Estate Assets Schedule 3.13 Subsidiaries Schedule 3.19 Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts Schedule 5.10 Unrestricted Subsidiaries Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens Schedule 6.06 Existing Investments Schedule 9.01 Borrower s Website Address for Electronic Delivery EXHIBITS Exhibit A-1 Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B-1 Form of Borrowing Request Exhibit B-2 Form of Letter of Credit Request Exhibit C Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit D Form of Interest Election Request Exhibit E Form of Perfection Certificate Exhibit F Form of Perfection Certificate Supplement Exhibit G Form of Promissory Note Exhibit H-1 Reserved Exhibit H-2 Reserved Exhibit H-3 Reserved 
 12 

Exhibit I Form of US Loan Guaranty Agreement Exhibit J Form of US Security Agreement Exhibit K-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit K-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit K-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit K-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit L Form of Solvency Certificate Exhibit M Reserved Exhibit N Form of US and European Borrowing Base Certificate, Exhibit O Form of Hedge Agreement Designation Notice 
 13 

ABL CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 ABL CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of May 4, 2016, as amended and restated by the First Amendment Agreement dated as of March 20, 2020, as amended by the Second Amendment Agreement dated as of December 22, 2020 and as amended and restated as of June 9, 2021 (this Agreement ), by and among Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Ecovyst or the US Borrower ), Ecovyst Midco II Inc., a Delaware corporation Midco or Holdings ), the European Borrowers from time to time party hereto (together with the US Borrower, the Borrowers ), the Lenders from time to time party hereto and Citibank, N.A. Citi ), in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent with Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Loan Funding LLC, Bank of America, N.A., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Keybanc Capital Markets Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc., as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (in such capacities, collectively, the Arrangers ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 A. The Borrowers, Holdings, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent, are party to that certain ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2016 (the Original Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which the Lenders made certain loans and other extensions of credit to the Borrowers. 
 
 B. On the First Amendment Effective Date, the Original Credit Agreement was amended and restated to (i) reduce the Applicable Margin with respect to the Commitments, (ii) extend the Maturity Date of the Commitments, (iii) increase the aggregate amount of Commitments to 250,000,000 and (iv) make certain other changes as reflected in this Agreement (the Original Credit Agreement as so amended and restated and as further amended immediately prior to the Restatement Effective Date, the First Restated Credit Agreement ). 
 
 C. On the Restatement Effective Date, the First Restated Credit Agreement was amended and restated to (i) reduce the aggregate Commitments, (ii) permit certain dispositions and internal restructuring transactions, (iii) extend the Maturity Date of the Commitments and (iv) make certain other changes as reflected in this Agreement. 
 
 D. This Agreement restates, supersedes and replaces the First Restated Credit Agreement in its entirety. The parties hereto agree that, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the Third Amendment, (i) the Obligations of the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties outstanding under the First Restated Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as of the Restatement Effective Date shall remain outstanding and constitute continuing Obligations (and this Agreement shall not be deemed to evidence or result in a substitution, novation or repayment and reborrowing of such Obligations) and (ii) the extensions of credit under the First Restated Credit Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 E. The Lead Borrower has requested the Swingline Lender to extend credit in the form of Swingline Loans at any time and from time to time after the Restatement Effective Date and prior to the Swingline Maturity Date, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not in excess of 20,000,000. 
 
 F. The Lenders are willing to extend such credit to the Borrowers on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1 

ARTICLE 1 
 
 DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 
 ABL Collateral means ABL Priority Collateral as defined in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement. 
 
 ABL Facility means the Revolving Facility and any Refinancing Indebtedness that refinances or replaces any part of the loans, notes, guarantees, other credit facilities or commitments thereunder. 
 
 ABL Intercreditor Agreement means the ABL Intercreditor Agreement dated as of the Closing Date, by and among (i) the Administrative Agent, (ii) after giving effect to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement Joinder, the Term Loan Administrative Agent and (iii) the other parties thereto from time to time and acknowledged by the US Borrower, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 ABL Intercreditor Agreement Joinder means the joinder agreement to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Restatement Effective Date, by and among the Term Loan Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent and the other parties party thereto, and acknowledged by the US Borrower. 
 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Revolving Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Revolving Loan, or the Revolving Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 
 ABR Revolving Loan means a Revolving Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 
 ABR Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR. 
 
 Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement means the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, a Market Intercreditor Agreement or another intercreditor agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the UCC, including all rights to payment for Inventory, merchandise and goods sold or leased, or for services rendered. 
 
 Account Debtor means any Person obligated on an Account. 
 
 ACH means automated clearing house transfers. 
 
 Acquired European Eligible Accounts has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of European Borrowing Base . 
 
 2 

Acquired European Eligible Inventory has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of European Borrowing Base . 
 
 Acquired US Eligible Accounts has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of US Borrowing Base . 
 
 Acquired US Eligible Inventory has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of US Borrowing Base . 
 
 Additional Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.01 . 
 
 Additional Revolving Commitments means any revolving credit commitment added pursuant to Section 2.22 or 2.23 . 
 
 Additional Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of all Additional Revolving Loans of such Lender, plus the aggregate outstanding amount at such time of such Lender s LC Exposure and participation interest in Protective Advances and Overadvances, in each case, attributable to its Additional Revolving Commitments. 
 
 Additional Revolving Facility means any revolving credit facility added pursuant to Section 2.22 or 2.23 . 
 
 Additional Revolving Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(b) . 
 
 Additional Revolving Loans means any Revolving Loan made hereunder pursuant to any Additional Revolving Commitments. 
 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 
 Adjustment Date means the first day of January, April, July and October of each Fiscal Year. 
 
 Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Administrative Agent Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.16(b) . 
 
 Administrative Questionnaire means a customary administrative questionnaire in the form provided by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Adverse Proceeding means any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign (including any Environmental Claim), whether pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries, threatened in writing, against or affecting Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of 
 3 

their respective Restricted Subsidiaries or any property of Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with, that Person. No Person shall be an Affiliate of Holdings or any subsidiary thereof solely because it is an unrelated portfolio company of the Sponsor and none of the Administrative Agent, any Arrangers, any Lender (other than any Debt Fund Affiliate) or any of their respective Affiliates shall be considered an Affiliate of Holdings or any subsidiary thereof. 
 
 Aggregate Commitments means, at any time, the sum of all Commitments at such time. As of the Restatement Effective Date, the amount of Aggregate Commitments is 100,000,000. 
 
 Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50 , (b) to the extent ascertainable, the Published LIBO Rate (which rate shall be calculated based upon Adjusted Term SOFR published on the ABR Term SOFR Determination Date for such date for an Interest Period of one (1) month and shall be determined on a daily basis plus 1.00 provided that for the purpose of this clause (b) , the Published LIBO Rate for any day shall be based on the rate determined on such date at approximately 11 a.m. (London time) by reference to ICE LIBOR as published by Bloomberg (or another commercially available source providing quotations of ICE LIBOR as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) , (c) the Prime Rate and (d) 0.00 per annum. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Published LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR , as the case may be, shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Published LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR , as the case may be. 
 
 Alternate Currency means any currency other than Dollars, Euros and Sterling, approved by the Lenders in accordance with Section 1.12 . 
 
 Applicable Administrative Agent means (i) with respect to ABL Collateral, the Administrative Agent, (ii) with respect to Term Loan Collateral, the Term Loan Administrative Agent (or other analogous term in another Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable) or (iii) if at any time there is no Intercreditor Agreement or other intercreditor agreement described in the definition of Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement then in effect, the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender for any Class, the percentage equal to a fraction (i) the numerator of which is such Lender s Commitment for such Class and (ii) the denominator of which is the Aggregate Commitments of all Lenders for such Class provided that for purposes of Section 2.21 and otherwise herein, when there is a Defaulting Lender, any such Defaulting Lender s Commitment shall be disregarded in the relevant calculations. In the event the Aggregate Commitments for any Class shall have expired or been terminated, the Applicable Percentages of any Lender of such Class shall be determined on the basis of the Revolving Credit Exposure of the applicable Lenders of such Class, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 
 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, 
 
 4 

(a) with respect to Initial Revolving Loans, any Swingline Loan, any Overadvance or any Protective Advance, the rate per annum applicable to the relevant Class of Revolving Loans set forth below, based upon the Average Availability as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period provided that until the first Adjustment Date following the completion of at least one full Fiscal Quarter ended after the Closing Date, the Applicable Rate shall be the applicable rate per annum set forth below in Category 2 

Average Availability ABR Revolving Loans LIBO Rate Revolving Loans SOFR Revolving Loans 
 Category 1 66.7 0.25 1.25 Category 2 66.7 but 33.3 0.50 1.50 Category 3 33.3 0.75 1.75 

(b) with respect to any Additional Revolving Loan of any Class, the rate or rates per annum specified in the applicable Incremental Facility, or Extension Amendment. 
 
 The Applicable Rate pursuant to clause (a) shall be adjusted quarterly on a prospective basis on each Adjustment Date based upon the Average Availability in accordance with the table above provided that if a Borrowing Base Certificate is not delivered when required pursuant to Section 5.01(l) , the Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum set forth above in Category 3 until such Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered in compliance with Section 5.01(l) . 
 
 Approved Appraiser means Hilco Valuation Services, LLC or any other appraiser or consultant approved in writing by the Lead Borrower (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) so long as an Event of Default does not exist or is continuing, in which case the Lead Borrower s consultation (but not approval) shall be required with respect to the appointment of an Approved Appraiser . 
 
 Arrangers has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.05 ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent in the form of Exhibit A-1 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower. 
 
 Availability means as of any applicable date, the amount by which the Line Cap exceeds the Total Revolving Credit Exposure, in each case at such time. 
 
 Availability Reserve means without duplication, (a) the Rent and Charges Reserve (b) the Hedge Product Reserve, (c) the Banking Services Reserve provided that reserves of the type described in this clause (c) shall be instituted only after consultation with the Lead Borrower (d) the Retention of Title Reserve (e) the Priority Payable Reserve (f) the VAT Tax Reserve (g) the Enterprise Act Reserve (h) such additional reserves not otherwise addressed in clauses (a) through (g) above, in 
 5 

such amounts and with respect to such matters, as the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion may elect to establish or modify from time to time. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) such Availability Reserves shall not be established or changed except upon not less than five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Lead Borrower) prior written notice to the Lead Borrower, which notice shall include a reasonably detailed description of such applicable Availability Reserve being established (during which period (a) the Administrative Agent shall, if requested, discuss any such Availability Reserve or change with the Lead Borrower and (b) the Lead Borrower may take such action as may be required so that the event, condition or matter that is the basis for such Availability Reserve or change thereto no longer exists or exists in a manner that would result in the establishment of a lower Availability Reserve or result in a lesser change thereto, in a manner and to the extent reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), (ii) the amount of any Availability Reserve established by the Administrative Agent, and any change in the amount of any Availability Reserve, shall be limited to such Availability Reserve or changes as the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion to be necessary (a) to reflect items that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the value of the applicable Eligible Accounts or Eligible Inventory or (b) to reflect items that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the enforceability or priority of the Administrative Agent s Liens on the applicable Collateral, and (iii) the amount of any Availability Reserve established by the Administrative Agent, and any change in the amount of any Availability Reserve, shall have a reasonable relationship to the event, condition or other matter that is the basis for such Availability Reserve or such change provided that (x) no Availability Reserves may be established after the Closing Date based on events, conditions or matters known to the Administrative Agent as of the Closing Date for which no Availability Reserve was imposed on the Closing Date or criteria included in the definitions of Eligible Accounts or Eligible Inventory, in each case, as in effect on the Closing Date, unless such events, conditions or matters have changed in any material adverse respect since the Closing Date, (y) in no event shall any Availability Reserve with respect to any component of the Borrowing Base duplicate any Availability Reserve or adjustment already accounted for in determining eligibility criteria (including collection and or advance rates) and (z) no Availability Reserve shall be imposed on the first 5 of dilution of Accounts and thereafter no dilution Availability Reserve shall exceed 1 for each incremental whole percentage in dilution over 5 (it being agreed that partial percentage point reserves are permitted (e.g., a reserve for 0.1 percentage points where dilution is 5.1 ). Notwithstanding clause (i) of the preceding sentence, changes to the Availability Reserves solely for purposes of correcting mathematical or clerical errors (and such other changes as are otherwise agreed to by the Lead Borrower) shall only be subject to a notice period of one (1) Business Day, it being understood that no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to result therefrom, if applicable, for a period of five (5) Business Days. 
 
 Available Excluded Contribution Amount means the aggregate amount of Cash or Cash Equivalents or the fair market value of other assets or property (as reasonably determined by the Borrowers, but excluding any Cure Amount) received by the Borrowers or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date from 
 
 (1) contributions in respect of Qualified Capital Stock (other than any amounts received from the Borrowers or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries), and 
 
 (2) the sale of Qualified Capital Stock of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than (x) to the Borrowers or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrowers, (y) pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or (z) with the proceeds of any loan or advance made pursuant to Section 6.06(h)(ii) ), 
 
 6 

in each case, designated as Available Excluded Contribution Amounts pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer on or promptly after the date the relevant capital contribution is made or the relevant proceeds are received, as the case may be. 
 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.14(e). 
 
 Average Availability means, on the applicable Adjustment Date, the quotient, expressed as a percentage, obtained by dividing (a) the average daily Availability for the Fiscal Quarter immediately preceding such Adjustment Date by (b) the average daily Line Cap for such Fiscal Quarter. In determining Average Availability , the Borrowing Base as of any day shall be calculated by reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificates delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to such day pursuant to Section 5.01(l) . 
 
 Average Usage means, on the applicable Adjustment Date, the quotient, expressed as a percentage, obtained by dividing (a) the average daily Outstanding Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure for the Fiscal Quarter immediately preceding such Adjustment Date by (b) the average daily Aggregate Commitments (other than Commitments of Defaulting Lenders) for such Fiscal Quarter. 
 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 
 Bank Levy means the UK bank levy as set out in Schedule 19 to the Finance Act 2011. 
 
 Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (a) under any arrangement that is in effect on the Restatement Effective Date between Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and a counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or an Arranger as of the Restatement Effective Date, (b) under any arrangement that is entered into after the Restatement Effective Date by Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with any counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or an Arranger at the time such arrangement is entered into or (c) by any other Person that is designated by the Lead Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent as a Banking Services counterparty and who is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft protections, check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository, overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository network services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services and any arrangements or 
 7 

services similar to any of the foregoing and or otherwise in connection with Cash management and Deposit Accounts. 
 
 Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of Holdings, any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether absolute or contingent and however and whenever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), in connection with Banking Services, in each case, that has been designated to the Administrative Agent in writing by the Lead Borrower as being Banking Services Obligations for the purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood that each counterparty thereto shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its non-fiduciary agent under the applicable Loan Documents and (B) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article 8 , Section 9.03 , Section 9.10 , Section 9.11 and the ABL Intercreditor Agreement (and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) as if it were a Lender. 
 
 Banking Services Reserve means the aggregate amount of reserves established by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its Permitted Discretion in respect of Secured Banking Services Obligations. 
 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq .). 
 
 Benchmark means (a) with respect to amounts denominated in U.S. Dollars, LIBOR the Term SOFR Reference Rate , (b) with respect to amounts denominated in Sterling, SONIA and with respect to any amounts denominated in Euros, EURIBOR provided that if a replacement of an initial or subsequent Benchmark has occurred pursuant to Section 2.14 , then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement means , with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate (which may include Term SOFR) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and or (ii) the any evolving or then-prevailing market convention , or an evolving market convention that the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower reasonably expect to become the prevailing market convention, for determining a benchmark rate of interest as a replacement to the then-current applicable Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities as such time in the applicable currency and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment provided that, if the such Benchmark Replacement and the associated Benchmark Replacement Adjustment as so determined (together with any associated Benchmark Replacement Adjustment) would be less than zero, the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents . 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current applicable Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for each applicable Interest Period , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower giving due consideration to i a any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current applicable such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body and or ii b the any evolving or then-prevailing market convention , or an evolving market convention that the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower reasonably expect to become the prevailing market convention, for for determining a spread adjustment, or 
 8 

method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current applicable such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities in the applicable currency at such time. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters) that the Administrative Agent reasonably decides, and the Lead Borrower reasonably agrees, may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current applicable Benchmark 
 
 (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 
 (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
 
 (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if such Benchmark is a term rate, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to any the then-current applicable Benchmark 
 
 (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the applicable such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such 
 9 

component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) , permanently or indefinitely , provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 
 (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the applicable such Benchmark , the U.S. (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve System Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) , a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) , which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely , provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 
 (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the applicable such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark is no longer (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if such Benchmark is a term rate, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date means (a) in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (i) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (ii) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication) and (b) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the date specified by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as applicable, by notice to the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent (in the case of such notice by the Required Lenders) and the Lenders. 
 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to any then-current Benchmark and solely to the extent that such Benchmark has not been replaced with a Benchmark Replacement, the period x if any) (a beginning at the time that such a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and y b ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder pursuant to and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 . 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 
 10 

Blocked Account Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.16(a) . 
 
 Blocked Accounts has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.16(a) . 
 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the U.S. 
 
 Borrowers means, collectively, the US Borrower and the European Borrowers. 
 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d) . 
 
 Borrowing means any (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type and Class made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans , SOFR Revolving Loans or RFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, (b) Swingline Loan or (c) Protective Advance. 
 
 Borrowing Base means, at any time of calculation, the aggregate amount of the US Borrowing Base and the European Borrowing Base. 
 
 Borrowing Base Certificates means the US Borrowing Base Certificate or European Borrowing Base Certificate, as applicable. 
 
 Borrowing Request means a request by any Borrower (or the Lead Borrower on its behalf) for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03 and substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B or such other form that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and such Borrower (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower. 
 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City, New York or London, England are authorized or required by law to remain closed provided that (x) when used in connection with a LIBO Rate SOFR Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit denominated in Dollars, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in Dollar or Sterling deposits in the London interbank market which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day or (y) when used in connection with a LIBO Rate Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit denominated in Euros, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day which is not a TARGET2 Day. 
 
 Capital Lease means, as applied to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by that Person as lessee that, in conformity with GAAP, is or should be accounted for as a capital lease or finance lease on the balance sheet of that Person (but excluding any operating or non-finance lease regardless of whether the obligations thereunder are included as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person). 
 
 Capital Stock means any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation), including partnership interests and membership interests, and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase or other arrangements or rights to acquire any of the foregoing, but excluding for the avoidance of doubt any Indebtedness convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing. 
 Captive Insurance Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary of any Borrower that is maintained as a self-insurance subsidiary and is subject to regulation as an insurance company (and any Restricted Subsidiary thereof). 
 11 

Cash means money, currency or a credit balance in any Deposit Account. 
 
 Cash Dominion Period means (a) each Liquidity Period or (b) the period during which any Specified Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 Cash Equivalents means, as at any date of determination, (a) readily marketable securities (i) issued or directly and unconditionally guaranteed or insured as to interest and principal by the U.S. government or (ii) issued by any agency or instrumentality of the U.S. or the U.K. the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. or the U.K., in each case maturing within one (1) year after such date and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto (b) readily marketable direct obligations issued by the U.K., any state of the U.S. or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof or by any foreign government, in each case maturing within one (1) year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto (c) commercial paper maturing no more than one (1) year from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) (d) deposits, money market deposits, time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances (or similar instruments) maturing within one (1) year after such date and issued or accepted by any Lender or by any bank organized under, or authorized to operate as a bank under, the laws of the U.S. or England and Wales, any state or province, as applicable, thereof or the District of Columbia or any political subdivision thereof and that has capital and surplus of not less than 100,000,000 and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto (e) shares of any money market mutual fund that has (i) substantially all of its assets invested in the types of investments referred to in clauses (a) through (d) above, (ii) net assets of not less than 250,000,000 and (iii) a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moody s and (f) solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is not prohibited to make in accordance with applicable law. Cash Equivalents shall also include (x) Investments of the type and maturity described in clauses (a) through (f) above of foreign obligors, which Investments or obligors (or the parent companies thereof) have the ratings described in such clauses or equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies and (y) other short-term Investments utilized by Foreign Subsidiaries in accordance with normal investment practices for cash management in Investments analogous to the Investments described in clauses (a) through (f) and in this paragraph. 
 
 Central Bank Rate means the Bank of England s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England from time to time. 
 
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment means, in relation to the Central Bank Rate prevailing at close of business on any RFR Business Day, the 20 trimmed arithmetic mean of the Central Bank Rate Spreads for the 5 most immediately preceding RFR Business Days for which the RFR is available. 
 
 Central Bank Rate Spread means, in relation to any RFR Business Day, the difference (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) between (x) the RFR for such RFR Business Day and (y) the Central Bank Rate prevailing at close of business on such RFR Business Day. 
 
 Change in Law means (a) the adoption of any law, treaty, rule or regulation after the Closing Date, (b) any change in any law, treaty, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Closing Date or (c) compliance by any Lender or any 
 12 

Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b) , by any lending office of such Lender or such Issuing Bank by such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Closing Date (other than any such request, guideline or directive to comply with any law, rule or regulation that was in effect on the Closing Date). For purposes of this definition and Section 2.15 , (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or U.S. or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case described in clauses (a) , (b) and (c) above, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 
 Change of Control means the earliest to occur of 
 
 (a) reserved 
 
 (b) the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act, but excluding (i) any employee benefit plan and or Person acting as the trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator therefor, (ii) one or more Permitted Holders, (iii) any group directly or indirectly controlled by one or more Permitted Holders and (iv) any Qualified Public Company, of Capital Stock representing more than the greater of (A) 40 of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of Holdings and (B) the percentage of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of Holdings beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the Permitted Holders and 
 
 (c) the US Borrower ceasing to be a direct or indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Holdings (or any permitted successor hereunder) 
 
 provided that (x) a Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred with respect to clause (b) above if the Permitted Holders have, at such time, the right or ability by voting power, contract or otherwise to elect or designate for election a majority of the board of directors or similar governing body of Holdings, and (y) the creation of a Parent Company shall not in and of itself cause a Change of Control so long as at the time such Person became a Parent Company, no Person and no group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any such group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) (other than one or more Permitted Holders or any group directly or indirectly controlled by one or more Permitted Holders), shall have beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, or any successor provisions), directly or indirectly, of 40 or more (or, if higher, the percentage then held by the Permitted Holders), in the case of clause (b) above, of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of Holdings. 
 
 Charge means any charge, fee, loss, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind. 
 
 Charged Amounts has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.19 . 
 
 Citi has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Class , when used in reference to (a) any Revolving Loan, Borrowing or Commitment, refers to whether such Revolving Loan, or the Revolving Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Initial US Revolving Loans, Initial European Revolving Loans, US Protective Advances or European Protective 
 13 

Advances or respective Commitments related thereto or other loans or commitments added as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22 or 2.23 and (b) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment of a particular Class. For purposes of this definition, any separate series or tranche shall be treated as a separate Class regardless of whether such series or tranche is specifically as a separate Class . For the avoidance of doubt, the Initial US Revolving Loans and the Initial European Revolving Loans constitute separate Classes of Revolving Loans. 
 
 Closing Date means May 4, 2016. 
 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended. 
 
 Co-Investors means (a) INEOS Investments Partnership and any of its controlled Affiliates and funds managed or advised by any of them or any of their respective controlled Affiliates and (b) the officers, directors and members of the management of any Borrower, any Parent Company and or any subsidiary of any Borrower. 
 
 Collateral means the US Collateral and the European Collateral. 
 
 Collateral Access Agreement means a landlord waiver, bailee letter or acknowledgment agreement of any lessor, warehouseman, processor, consignee, mortgagee, customs broker or other Person (other than any Loan Party) having possession of, a Lien upon, or having rights or interests in the inventory (or any books or records relating thereto) of any Loan Party, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Collateral and Guarantee Requirement means, at any time, subject to (x) the applicable limitations set forth in this Agreement and or any other Loan Document and (y) the time periods (and extensions thereof) set forth in Section 5.12 , the requirement that 
 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Loan Party after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.12 (including by any Domestic Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary), and each Discretionary Guarantor 
 
 (i) in the case of any Person that will become a US Loan Party, (A) a joinder to the US Loan Guaranty in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto, (B) a supplement to the Security Agreement in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto, (C) if such Restricted Subsidiary owns registrations of or applications for U.S. Patents, Trademarks and or Copyrights that constitute Collateral, an Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (D) a completed Perfection Certificate Supplement with respect thereto, (E) UCC or the equivalent financing statements in appropriate form for filing in such jurisdictions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, (F) if applicable, if applicable, an executed joinder to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, in each case, in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto and (G) entry into a Blocked Account Agreement with respect to each of its Blocked Accounts 
 
 (ii) in the case of any Person that will become a European Loan Party, (A) a joinder to the European Loan Guaranty, (B) the instrument or document pursuant to which the European Loan Party grants a Lien on any European Collateral as security for payments of the European Obligations in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower, (C) to the extent applicable, registration of such Collateral Document with the relevant authorities, (D) if applicable, if applicable, an executed joinder to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, in each 
 14 

case, in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto and (E) entry into a Blocked Account Agreement with respect to each of its Blocked Accounts and 
 
 (iii) each item of Collateral that such Restricted Subsidiary is required to deliver under Section 4.02 of the US Security Agreement or under any other Collateral Document required to be entered into pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (b) above (which, in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be delivered within the time periods (and extensions thereof) set forth in Section 5.12 and shall exclude Excluded Assets). 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, 
 
 (A) reserved 
 
 (B) reserved and 
 
 (C) the Loan Parties shall not be required to take any action (other than entry into the US Security Agreement or under any other Collateral Document required to be entered into pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (b) above) to collaterally assign to the Administrative Agent their respective rights under (x) any documentation governing permitted acquisition or investment not prohibited under the terms of this Agreement, (y) any representation and warranty insurance policy or (z) any business interruption policy. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Lead Borrower elects to cause a Foreign Subsidiary to become a Foreign Discretionary Guarantor pursuant to the definition of Guarantor , such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor, as the case may be, shall (i) provide a Loan Guaranty and (ii) grant a perfected lien in favor of the Administrative Agent on substantially all of its assets (other than Excluded Assets) pursuant to arrangements reasonably agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower, which shall be consistent with the principles of, and be no more onerous and restrictive to such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor, than, the provisions applicable to the Lead Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantors organized in the United States, subject to customary limitations in such jurisdiction as may be reasonably agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower, and nothing in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement , Excluded Asset , Excluded Subsidiary or other limitation in this Agreement or the Collateral Documents shall in any way limit or restrict the pledge of assets and property by any such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor or the pledge of the Capital Stock of such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor by any other Loan Party that holds such Capital Stock, in each case, solely by virtue of such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor being a Foreign Subsidiary or otherwise an Excluded Subsidiary. 
 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, (a) each Security Agreement, (b) each Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (c) any supplement to any of the foregoing delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (d) each of the other instruments and documents pursuant to which any Loan Party grants a Lien on any Collateral as security for payment of the Secured Obligations. 
 
 Commercial Tort Claim has the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the UCC. 
 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s Initial Commitment and Additional Revolving Commitment, as applicable, in effect as of such time. 
 
 Commitment Fee Rate means on any date, with respect to the Initial Commitments, the applicable rate per annum set forth below based upon the Average Usage provided that until the first 
 15 

Adjustment Date following the completion of at least one full Fiscal Quarter after the Closing Date, Commitment Fee Rate shall be the applicable rate per annum set forth below in Level II 
 Level Average Usage Unused Line Fee Rate I 50 0.250 II 50 0.375 
 
 The Commitment Fee Rate shall be adjusted quarterly on a prospective basis on each Adjustment Date based upon the Average Usage as of such Adjustment Date. 
 
 Commitment Schedule means the Schedule attached hereto as Schedule 1.01(a) . 
 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq .). 
 
 Communication has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.07(b) . 
 
 Company Competitor means (a) any Person that is or becomes (i) a competitor of the Lead Borrower and or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) an Affiliate of a Person described in clause (a)(i) and, in each case, identified in writing to the Administrative Agent, (b) any reasonably identifiable Affiliate of any person described in clause (a) above (on the basis of such Affiliate s name) (other than any Debt Fund Affiliate unless the Lead Borrower has a reasonable basis to include such Debt Fund Affiliate as a Company Competitor or Disqualified Institution), and or (c) any other Affiliate of any Person described in clause (a) or clause (b) above identified by name in a written notice to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C . 
 
 Confidential Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13 . 
 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.16 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides, and the Lead Borrower reasonably agrees, may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines, in consultation with the Lead Borrower, that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides, in consultation with the Lead Borrower, is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, as to any Person for any period, an amount determined in accordance with Section 1.08 , for such Person on a consolidated basis equal to the total of (a) Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (b) the sum, without duplication, of (to the extent deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income in the applicable period, other than in respect of 
 16 

clauses (xi) , (xiii) , (xv) , (xvi) , (xvii) and (xviii) below or deducted from revenues in net income (or loss) used in calculating Consolidated Net Income) the amounts of 
 
 (i) consolidated total interest expense determined in accordance with GAAP and, to the extent not reflected in such consolidated total interest expense, annual agency fees paid to the administrative agents and collateral agents under any credit facilities, costs associated with obtaining hedging arrangements and breakage costs in respect of hedging arrangements related to interest rates, any expense resulting from the discounting of any indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization accounting or, if applicable, purchase accounting in connection with the Transactions or any acquisition, penalties and interest relating to taxes, any additional interest or liquidated damages with respect to other securities for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations, amortization or expensing of deferred financing fees, amendment and consent fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees, expenses and discounted liabilities and any other amounts of non-Cash interest, any expensing of bridge, commitment and other financing fees and any other fees related to the Transactions or any acquisitions after the Closing Date, commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including any interest expense) related to any qualified securitization facility, any accretion of accrued interest on discounted liabilities and any Prepayment premium or penalty, interest expense attributable to a parent company resulting from push-down accounting and any lease, rental or other expense in connection with any lease that is not a capitalized lease, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk (net of interest income and gains on such hedging obligations), costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities (whether amortized or immediately expensed), fees and expenses paid to (or for the benefit of) any arranger, any administrative or collateral agent, any lender or any other secured party under the Loan Documents and the Term Loan Credit Agreement (and any related loan documents) or to (or for the benefit of) any other holder of permitted Indebtedness in connection with its services hereunder (including fees and expenses in connection with any modifications of the Loan Documents), other bank or any other Person in connection with its services as administrative agent or trustee, or similar capacity under any other Indebtedness permitted hereunder and financing fees 
 
 (ii) (A) provision for Taxes during such period (including pursuant to any Tax sharing arrangement or any distributions or other Restricted Payments for the payment of any Tax), including, in each case, arising out of tax examinations, repatriation of amounts from a Foreign Subsidiary and (without duplication) any payment to a Parent Company pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(i) and (iv) in respect of Taxes, and (B) the amount of any cash tax benefits related to the tax amortization of intangible assets in such period 
 
 (iii) (A) depreciation and amortization (including, without limitation, amortization of goodwill, software and other intangible assets), (B) impairment of goodwill and other assets and (C) any asset write-off and or write-down 
 
 (iv) any non-cash Charge (including, without limitation, (A) any non-cash increase in expenses resulting from the revaluation of inventory (including any impact of changes to inventory valuation policy methods) including changes in capitalization and variances and non-cash adjustments for LIFO accounting and (B) losses or expenses recognized in respect of any pension related benefits as a result of the application of FASB ASC 715) provided, that to the extent any such non-cash Charge represents an accrual or reserve for any actual or potential cash items in any future period (including of the type described in clause (vii) below), (A) such Person may elect (in its sole discretion) not to add back such non-cash Charge in the then-current period, in which case, any cash payment in respect thereof in any future period shall be not subtracted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, and (B) to the extent such Person elects (in its sole discretion) to add back such non-cash Charge in the then-current period, any cash payment in respect thereof in any subsequent periods shall be subtracted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (c)(v) below 
 17 

(v) reserved 
 
 (vi) Public Company Costs 
 
 (vii) (A) management, monitoring, consulting, transaction and advisory fees (including termination fees) and indemnities and expenses actually paid or accrued by, or on behalf of, such Person or any of its subsidiaries (1) to the Investors (or their Affiliates or management companies) to the extent permitted under this Agreement or (2) as permitted by Section 6.09(f) (B) the amount of payments made to option holders of any Parent Company in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution being made to shareholders of such Person, which payments are being made to compensate such option holders as though they were shareholders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution, including any cash consideration for any repurchase of equity, in each case to the extent permitted under the Loan Documents and (C) the amount of fees, expenses and indemnities paid to directors, including of Holdings or any Parent Company 

(viii) losses or discounts on sales of receivables and related assets in connection with any receivables financing permitted under this Agreement 
 
 (ix) any Charges (or net income) attributable to any interest, non-controlling interest and or minority interest of any third party in any Restricted Subsidiary 
 
 (x) the amount of earnout obligation expense (or similar Charges) incurred in connection with (including adjustments thereto) (A) acquisitions and Investments consummated prior to the Closing Date and (B) any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted by this Agreement, in each case, which is paid or accrued during the applicable period 
 
 (xi) pro forma run rate cost savings (including sourcing and supply chain savings), operating expense reductions, operating, revenue and productivity improvements and synergies (net of actual amounts realized) projected by the Lead Borrower in good faith that are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable (in the good faith determination of such Person) in connection with (A) the Transactions (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) related to actions that have been taken and (B) any acquisitions, Investments, Dispositions and other Specified Transactions, operating expense reductions, any operating, revenue and productivity improvements, restructurings, cost savings initiatives and other actions and initiatives (including new business, customer and contract wins, modification and renegotiation of contracts and other arrangements, pricing adjustments and increases, rebate reductions, supply chain optimization (including consolidating or changing suppliers, supply base reduction and reduction in shipping and freight costs), product and warranty improvements (including lean manufacturing initiatives, design, engineering and automation optimization and discontinuing or replacing products) and other items of the type described in clause (xii) below) projected by the Lead Borrower in good faith to result from actions that have been taken (including prior to completion of any such transactions, actions, initiatives or items) or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken (in the good faith determination of the Lead Borrower) within twenty-four (24) months (or, in respect of any pricing increases only, within twelve (12) months) after any such transactions, actions, initiatives or items, pro forma run rate shall be the full benefit associated with any action taken, committed to be taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such costs savings, operating expense reductions, operating revenue and productivity improvements and synergies had been fully realized on the first day of the applicable period for the entirety of such period 
 
 18 

(xii) (A) Charges attributable to the undertaking and or implementation of operating, revenue and productivity improvements and enhancements, operating expense reductions, cost savings initiatives and other initiatives, transitions, openings and pre-openings, business optimization, restructurings, integration, inventory optimization programs, software development, systems upgrade, closure or consolidation of facilities and properties, curtailments, entry into new markets, strategic initiatives and contracts, consulting fees, signing or retention costs, retention or completion bonuses, expansion and relocation expenses, severance payments, modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans or other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at the date of initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 715, and any other items of a similar nature, new systems design and implementation and startup costs, (B) reductions, improvements, enhancements, synergies and initiatives as contemplated in clause (xi) above, and (C) Charges related to legal settlement, fines, judgments or orders, including with respect to warranty claims 
 
 (xiii) to the extent not otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income, proceeds of business interruption insurance in an amount representing the earnings for the applicable period that such proceeds are intended to replace (whether or not then received so long as such Person in good faith expects to receive such proceeds within the next four (4) Fiscal Quarters (it being understood that to the extent not actually received within such Fiscal Quarters, such proceeds shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (c)(iv) below)) 
 
 (xiv) reserved 
 
 (xv) the amount of (A) any Charge to the extent that a corresponding amount is received in cash by such Person from a Person other than such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person under any agreement providing for reimbursement of such Charge and (B) any Charge with respect to any liability or casualty event, business interruption or any product recall, (1) so long as such Person has submitted in good faith, and reasonably expects to receive payment in connection with, a claim for reimbursement of such amounts under its relevant insurance policy (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within the next four (4) Fiscal Quarters) or (2) without duplication of amounts included in a prior period under clause (B)(1) above, to the extent such Charge is covered by insurance proceeds received in cash during such period (it being understood that if the amount received in cash under any such agreement in any period exceeds the amount of Charge paid during such period such excess amounts received may be carried forward and applied against any Charge in any future period) 
 
 (xvi) the amount of Cash actually received (or the amount of the benefit of any netting arrangement resulting in reduced Cash Charges) during such period, to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income in any period or related non-Cash gain deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in any prior period 
 
 (xvii) the excess of rent expense during such period over actual Cash rent paid over due to the use of straight line rent for GAAP purposes 
 
 (xviii) accretion of asset retirement obligations in accordance with FASB ASC 410 
 
 (xix) with respect to any joint venture that is not a Restricted Subsidiary, an amount equal to the proportion of those items described in clauses (i) through (iii) above relating to such joint venture corresponding to the proportionate share of such joint venture s consolidated net income (determined as if such joint venture were a Restricted Subsidiary) and 
 
 19 

(xx) Other Agreed Adjustments , 
 
 minus (c) to the extent such amounts increase Consolidated Net Income, without duplication 
 
 (i) non-cash gains or income provided, that to the extent any non-cash gain or income represents an accrual or deferred income in respect of actual potential Cash items in any future period, such Person may elect (in its sole discretion) not to deduct such non-cash gain or income in the then-current period 

(ii) reserved 
 
 (iii) reserved 
 
 (iv) the amount added back to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (b)(xiii) above in a prior period to the extent the relevant business interruption insurance proceeds were not received within the time period required by such clause and are required to be deducted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (b)(xiii) above 

(v) to the extent that such Person added back the amount of any non-Cash charge to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (b)(iv) above in a prior period, the cash payment in respect thereof in the relevant future period (except as otherwise provided in clause (b)(iv) above) and 
 
 (vi) the excess of actual Cash rent paid over rent expense during such period due to the use of straight line rent for GAAP purposes. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent applicable, (i) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ended on or around June 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 50,478,000, (ii) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ended on or around September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 48,065,000, (iii) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ended on or around December 31, 2020 shall be deemed to be 45,431,000 and (iv) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ended on or around March 31, 2021 shall be deemed to be 42,304,000, in each case, as subject to adjustment pursuant to clause (b) of this definition to the extent applicable to any such Fiscal Quarter (and not otherwise already included in such amounts) and otherwise further adjusted on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 
 Consolidated First Lien Debt means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with Section 1.08 (and, if applicable, Section 1.10 ), at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date (i) under this Agreement and (ii) that is secured by a Lien on all or substantially all of the Collateral (including both ABL Collateral and Term Loan Collateral) on a pari passu or senior basis with the Term Loan Collateral and subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement under clause (a) of the definition thereof). 
 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis at any date of determination and in accordance with Section 1.08 , the sum, without duplication, of (a) consolidated Cash interest of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries determined in accordance with GAAP, (i) including (A) the Cash interest component of Capital Lease obligations and (B) net Cash payments made (less net Cash payments received) pursuant to obligations under permitted hedging arrangements related to interest rates (subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 1.08(b) but (ii) excluding (A) annual agency and trustee fees paid to the administrative and collateral agents and 
 20 

trustees under any credit facilities, indentures or other permitted Indebtedness, (B) costs associated with obtaining hedging arrangements and breakage costs in respect of hedging arrangements related to interest rates, (C) any expense resulting from the discounting of any Indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization accounting or, if applicable, purchase accounting in connection with the Transactions, the Performance Chemicals Sale, the Restatement Effective Date Refinancing, the Special Dividend or any acquisition, (D) penalties and interest relating to Taxes, (E) any additional interest or liquidated damages with respect to other securities for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations, (F) amortization or expensing of deferred financing fees, amendment and consent fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees, expenses and discounted liabilities and any other amounts of non-cash interest, (G) any expensing of bridge, commitment and other financing fees and any other fees related to the Transactions, the Performance Chemicals Sale, the Restatement Effective Date Refinancing, the Special Dividend or, after the Restatement Effective Date, any other transactions (including acquisitions and Indebtedness), (H) commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including any interest expense) related to any qualified securitization facility, (I) any accretion of accrued interest on discounted liabilities and any Prepayment premium or penalty (including amendment, tender and consent solicitation fees), (J) interest expense attributable to a parent company resulting from push-down accounting and (K) any lease, rental or other expense in connection with any lease that is not a Capital Lease, net of (b) Cash interest income of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 
 Consolidated Net Income means, as to any Person determined in accordance with Section 1.08 , on a consolidated basis (the Subject Person for any period, the net income (or loss) of the Subject Person for such period taken as a single accounting period determined in accordance with GAAP provided that there shall be excluded, without duplication 
 
 (a) (i) the income of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, except that the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments (including any ordinary course dividend, distribution or other payment) paid in cash (or to the extent converted into cash) to the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by such Person during such period (regardless of whether such payment is in respect of the income of such Person in the current period or any prior period) shall be included in Consolidated Net Income or (ii) the loss of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, other than to the extent that the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has contributed cash or Cash Equivalents to such Person in respect of such loss during such period for the express purpose of funding such losses (but shall exclude any other Investment in such Person) 
 
 (b) gains or losses (less all fees and expenses chargeable thereto) attributable to any sales or dispositions of Capital Stock or assets (including asset retirement costs) or of returned surplus assets, in each case, outside of the ordinary course of business 
 
 (c) (i) gains or losses from extraordinary items, any one-time event or item, and nonrecurring or unusual items, in each case, as determined in good faith by the Subject Person, and (ii) any costs of and payments of actual or prospective legal settlements, fines, judgments or orders and all related fees and expenses, including in connection with any acquisitions, Investments and Dispositions 
 
 (d) any unrealized or realized net foreign currency translation or transaction gains or losses impacting net income (including currency re-measurements of any Indebtedness) provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, realized gains and losses in respect of any 
 21 

Designated Operational FX Hedge shall be included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income 
 
 (e) any net gains, Charges or losses with respect to (i) any disposed (other than Dispositions of assets and inventory in the ordinary course of business), abandoned, divested and or discontinued asset, property or operation (other than, at the option of the Subject Person, any asset, property or operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and or termination thereof), (ii) any disposal (other than Dispositions of assets and inventory in the ordinary course of business), abandonment, divestiture and or discontinuation of any asset, property or operation (other than, at the option of such Subject Person, relating to assets or property held for sale pending the Disposition thereof) and or (iii) facilities or plants that have been closed during such period or for which Charges and losses were required to be recorded pursuant to GAAP 
 
 (f) (i) any net income or loss (less all fees and expenses or charges related thereto) attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness (and the termination of any associated Hedge Agreements) and (ii) any other losses and expenses incurred in connection with the early termination, refinancing or prepayment of guarantee obligations, operating leases and other similar contractual obligations 
 
 (g) (i) any Charges incurred pursuant to any management equity plan, profits interest or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, pension plan, any stock subscription or shareholder agreement or any distributor equity plan or agreement, or any similar equity plan or agreement, including any fair value adjustments that may be required under liquidity puts for such arrangements and (ii) any Charges in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Capital Stock held by management of any Parent Company, the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent that any such Charge is funded with net cash proceeds contributed to relevant Person as a capital contribution or as a result of the sale or issuance of Qualified Capital Stock 
 
 (h) accruals and reserves that are established or adjusted within twelve (12) months after the Closing Date (or after the closing of any consummated acquisition or Investment) that are required to be established or adjusted as a result of the Transactions, respectively (or such acquisition or Investment), in accordance with GAAP or as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting policies in accordance with GAAP 
 
 (i) any (A) write-off or amortization made in such period of deferred financing costs and premiums paid or other expenses incurred directly in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness, (B) impairment Charges, write-offs or write-downs of any assets and (C) amortization of intangible assets 
 
 (j) (A) effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Subject Person and its subsidiaries) in the Subject Person s consolidated financial statements pursuant to GAAP (including in the inventory, property and equipment, software, goodwill, intangible assets, in-process research and development, deferred revenue, deferred rent, deferred trade incentives and other lease-related items, advanced billings and debt line items thereof) resulting from the application of recapitalization, accounting or purchase acquisition accounting, as the case may be, in relation to the Existing Term Loan Credit Agreement Transactions, the Transactions or any consummated acquisition or Investment or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of Taxes and (B) the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles or policies made in such period in accordance with GAAP which affect Consolidated Net Income (except that, if the Lead Borrower determines in good faith that the cumulative effects thereof are 
 22 

not material to the interests of the Lenders, the effects of any change, adoption or modification of any such principles or policies may be included) 
 
 (k) the income or loss of any Person accrued prior to the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person or is merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with such Person s assets are acquired by such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person 
 
 (i) Transaction Costs 
 
 (m) transaction fees and Charges (1) in connection with the consummation of any transaction (or any transaction proposed and not consummated), (2) in connection with any offering of debt or equity securities (or any offering of debt or equity securities proposed and not consummated), Investments, acquisitions, Dispositions, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations or amalgamations, option buyouts or incurrences, repayments, refinancings, amendments or modifications of Indebtedness (including any amortization or write-off of debt issuance or deferred financing costs, premiums and prepayment penalties) or similar transactions and or (3) that are actually reimbursed or reimbursable by third parties pursuant to indemnification or reimbursement provisions or similar agreements or insurance provided, that in respect of any fee, cost, expense or reserve that is added back in reliance on clause (3) above, such Person in good faith expects to receive reimbursement for such fee, cost, expense or reserve within the next four (4) Fiscal Quarters 
 
 (n) (i) unrealized net losses and gains under Hedge Agreements and or other derivative instrument (regardless of whether pursuant to FASB ASC No. 815 Derivatives and Hedging) and (ii) any net loss (less all fees and expenses or charges related thereto) attributable to the early extinguishment of indebtedness (and the termination of any associated hedging arrangements) and 
 
 (o) any costs or expenses incurred during such period relating to environmental remediation, litigation, or other disputes in respect of events and exposures that occurred prior to the Closing Date. 
 
 Consolidated Secured Debt means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis, at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date that is secured by a Lien on all or substantially all of the Collateral. 
 
 Consolidated Total Assets means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with Section 1.08 , at any date of determination, all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the applicable Person at such date. 
 
 Consolidated Total Debt means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with Section 1.08 , at any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness for borrowed money (which shall be deemed to include LC Disbursements (any similar term under any revolving credit facility) that have not been reimbursed within the time periods required by this Agreement or such revolving credit facility, after giving effect to any grace and cure periods) and the outstanding principal balance of all Indebtedness with respect to purchase money Indebtedness, in each case, in an amount that would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) all leases (including any Capital Leases), letter of credit (including all undrawn letters of credit), bank guarantees or similar obligations and performance, surety or similar bonds, (ii) any intercompany Indebtedness eliminated in accordance with GAAP during consolidation and (iii) any such Indebtedness for which such Person has irrevocably deposited in trust or escrow the necessary funds (including Cash 
 23 

and Cash Equivalents) for the payment, redemption or satisfaction of Indebtedness), minus , (b) the aggregate amount of (i) unrestricted Cash (including all principal Cash held in dedicated accounts for the deposit of payments by customers and disbursements to be made in connection with services performed for customers) and Cash Equivalents of such Person in an amount that would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and (ii) Cash and Cash Equivalents restricted in favor of the Credit Facilities (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement) and the ABL Facility (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement) (which may also include Cash and Cash Equivalents securing other Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral along with the Credit Facilities (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement) and the ABL Facility (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement)) provided that Consolidated Total Debt shall not include any Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in connection with a NMTC Transaction permitted by Section 6.01(y)(ii) . 
 
 Contractual Obligation means, as applied to any Person, any provision of any Security issued by that Person or of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, contract, undertaking, agreement or other instrument to which that Person is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound or to which it or any of its properties is subject. 
 
 Contribution Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(r) . 
 
 Contribution Notice means a contribution notice issued by the Pensions Regulator under section 38 or section 47 of the Pensions Act 2004 (UK). 
 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 
 Copyright means the following (a) all copyrights, rights and interests in copyrights, works protectable by copyright whether published or unpublished, copyright registrations and copyright applications (b) all renewals of any of the foregoing (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due and or payable under any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, damages or payments for past, present or future infringements for any of the foregoing (d) the right to sue for past, present, and future infringements of any of the foregoing and (e) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Corresponding Obligations means all Obligations as they may exist from time to time, other than the Parallel Debts. 
 
 Covenant Trigger Period means the period (a) commencing on any day on which either (1) Availability is less than the greater of (A) 10 of the Line Cap and (B) 10.0 million or (2) US Availability is less than 7.5 million and (b) continuing until (1) Availability for each day over a 30 consecutive day period has been equal to or greater than the greater of (A) 10 of the Line Cap and (B) 10.0 million and (2) US Availability for each day over a 30 consecutive day period has been equal to or greater than 7.5 million. 
 
 Credit Extension means each of (i) the making of a Revolving Loan, Swingline Loan or Protective Advance or (ii) the issuance, amendment, modification, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit (other than any such amendment, modification, renewal or extension that does not increase the Stated Amount of the relevant Letter of Credit). 
 
 Credit Facilities means the Term Loan Facility, together with any other facility created or established under the Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 24 

Credit Suisse means Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch. 
 
 Cure Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.15(b) . 
 
 Cure Right has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.15(b) . 
 
 Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) (x) SONIA for the day that is 5 RFR Business Days (or such other period as determined by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent based on then prevailing market conventions) prior to (i) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (ii) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day (such RFR Business Day determined pursuant to each of subclauses (i) and (ii), the RFR Lookback Day ), (y) if SONIA is not available for the RFR Lookback Day determined pursuant to clause (x) above, the Daily Simple RFR for such RFR Lookback Day shall be the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of (I) the Central Bank Rate for such RFR Lookback Day and (II) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment or (z) if clause (y) applies but the Central Bank Rate for the applicable RFR Lookback Day is not available, the Daily Simple RFR for such RFR Lookback Day shall be the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of (I) the most recent Central Bank Rate for an RFR Business Day which is no more than five RFR Business Days before that RFR Lookback Day and (II) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (b) zero. 
 
 Debt Fund Affiliate means, with respect to any Disqualified Institution, any bona fide debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated lending entity (in each case, other than any person that would otherwise be a Disqualified Institution) that is (i) primarily engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business and (ii) managed, sponsored or advised by any Person that is Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with such Disqualified Institution or Affiliate thereof, but only to the extent that no personnel associated or involved with the investment in (or management, control or operation of), such Disqualified Institution or such Affiliate thereof (A) makes (or has the right to make or participate with others in making) investment decisions on behalf of, or otherwise cause the direction of the investment policies of, such debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated entity or (B) has access, directly or indirectly (including through such Disqualified Institution or any of its Affiliates), to any information (other than information that is publicly available) relating to any Parent Company, Holdings, the Lead Borrower and or any of their respective subsidiaries and or of their respective businesses and (b) with respect to any other entity, any Affiliate of the Sponsor (other than a natural person, Holdings, the Lead Borrower or their respective subsidiaries) that is primarily engaged in, or advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business and whose managers have fiduciary duties to the investors thereof that are independent of (or in addition to) their duties to Holdings, the Lead Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Sponsor (or any investor thereof). 
 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the U.S., and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, general assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws of the U.S., the United Kingdom (including the Insolvency Act 1986), the Netherlands or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally, including the Dutch Faillissementswet . 
 
 Default means any event or condition which upon notice, lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default. 
 
 25 

Defaulting Lender means any Lender that has (a) defaulted in its obligations under this Agreement, including without limitation, (x) to make a Revolving Loan within two Business Days of the date required to be made by it hereunder, (y) to fund its participation in any Swingline Loan pursuant to Section 2.01(f) or (z) to fund its participation in a Letter of Credit required to be funded by it hereunder within two Business Days of such obligation arose or such Revolving Loan, Letter of Credit was required to be made or funded, (b) notified the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, any Issuing Bank or any Loan Party in writing that it does not intend to satisfy any such obligation or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or under agreements in which it commits to extend credit generally, (c) failed, within two (2) Business Days after the request of Administrative Agent or the Lead Borrower, to confirm in writing that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Revolving Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent if received prior to the applicable funding date, (d) become (or any parent company thereof has become) (i) insolvent or been determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Person or its assets, to be insolvent, or the assets or management of which has been taken over by any Governmental Authority or (ii) the subject of a Bail-In Action, (e) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian, appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, unless in the case of any Lender subject to this clause (e) , the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall each have determined that such Lender intends, and has all approvals required to enable it (in form and substance satisfactory to each of the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent), to continue to perform its obligations as a Lender hereunder or (f) failed to return any amounts to the Administrative Agent (or its Affiliates) within one (1) Business Day after receipt of a notice from the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article VIII provided that no Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of (i) the ownership or acquisition of any Capital Stock in such Lender or its parent by any Governmental Authority or (ii) in the case of a solvent Person, the commencement of silent administration proceedings under The Financial Supervision Act (Wet financieel toezicht Wft) then in effect in the Netherlands provided , further , that, such action does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the U.S. or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contract or agreement to which such Lender is a party. 
 
 Deposit Account means a demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, savings and loan association, credit union or like organization, other than an account evidenced by a negotiable certificate of deposit. 
 
 Derivative Transaction means (a) any interest-rate transaction, including any interest-rate swap, basis swap, forward rate agreement, interest rate option (including a cap, collar or floor), and any other instrument linked to interest rates that gives rise to similar credit risks (including when-issued securities and forward deposits accepted), (b) any exchange-rate transaction, including any cross-currency interest-rate swap, any forward foreign-exchange contract, any currency option, and any other instrument linked to exchange rates that gives rise to similar credit risks, (c) any equity derivative transaction, including any equity-linked swap, any equity-linked option, any forward equity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to equities that gives rise to similar credit risk and (d) any commodity (including precious metal) derivative transaction, including any commodity-linked swap, any commodity-linked option, any forward commodity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to commodities that gives rise to similar credit risks provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees, members of 
 26 

management, managers or consultants of any Borrower or its subsidiaries shall be a Derivative Transaction. 
 
 Designated Hedging Obligations means any European Secured Hedging Obligations and US Secured Hedging Obligations for which the applicable Loan Party has complied with the requirements of the definitions of European Secured Hedging Obligations and US Secured Hedging Obligations, as applicable, to constitute Designated Hedging Obligations. 
 
 Designated Non-Cash Consideration means the Fair Market Value of non-Cash consideration received by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any Disposition pursuant to Section 6.07(h) that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount will be reduced by the amount of Cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale or conversion of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration to Cash or Cash Equivalents). 
 
 Designated Operational FX Hedge means any Hedge Agreement entered into for the purpose of hedging currency-related risks in respect of the revenues, cash flows or other balance sheet items of Holdings, the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiaries and designated at the time entered into (or on or prior to the Closing Date, with respect to any Hedge Agreement entered into on or prior to the Closing Date) as a Designated Operational FX Hedge by the Lead Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Direction has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(i)(ii). 
 
 Discretionary Guarantor has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Guarantor . 
 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, lease, sublease, or other disposition of any property of any Person. 
 
 Disqualified Capital Stock means any Capital Stock which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, on or prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such redemption is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date shall constitute Disqualified Capital Stock), (b) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Capital Stock, in each case at any time on or prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued, (c) contains any mandatory repurchase obligation or any other repurchase obligation at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, which may come into effect prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such repurchase obligation is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date shall constitute Disqualified Capital Stock) or (d) requires scheduled payments of dividends in Cash on or prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued provided that any Capital Stock that would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Capital Stock is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer 
 27 

thereof to redeem such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of any change in control, offering of debt or equity securities or any Disposition occurring prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock if (x) such Capital Stock provides that the issuer thereof will not redeem any such Capital Stock pursuant to such provisions prior to the Termination Date or (y) such redemption is subject to events that would cause the Termination Date to occur. 
 
 Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, (A) if such Capital Stock is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants or by any such plan to such directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants, in each case in the ordinary course of business of Holdings, any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the issuer thereof in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations, and (B) no Capital Stock held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager, member of management or consultant (or their respective Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) of any Borrower (or any Parent Company or any subsidiary) shall be considered Disqualified Capital Stock because such stock is redeemable or subject to repurchase pursuant to any management equity subscription agreement, stock option, stock appreciation right or other stock award agreement, stock ownership plan, put agreement, stockholder agreement or similar agreement that may be in effect from time to time. 
 
 Disqualified Institution means 
 
 (a) (i) any Person that is identified in writing to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date (or if identified after the Closing Date the disqualification of such person is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), (ii) any reasonably identifiable Affiliate of any Person described in clause (i) above (on the basis of such Affiliate s name) and (iii) any other Affiliate of any Person described in clauses (i) and or (ii) above that is identified by name in a written notice to the Administrative Agent after the Closing Date 
 
 (b) any Company Competitor (it being understood and agreed that no Debt Fund Affiliate of any Company Competitor may be designated as a Disqualified Institution pursuant to this clause (b) unless the Lead Borrower has a reasonable basis for such designation) and or 
 
 (c) any Affiliate of any Lender that is engaged as a principal primarily in private equity, mezzanine financing or venture capital provided , that no written notice delivered pursuant to clauses (a)(i) , (a)(iii) above or clauses (a) and or (c) of the definition of Company Competitor shall apply retroactively to disqualify any person that has previously acquired a valid assignment or participation interest in the Term Loans. 
 
 Dollar Equivalent means, at any time, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any currency other than Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (determined in respect of the most recent Revaluation Date or other relevant date of determination) for the purchase of Dollars with such other currency. 
 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the U.S. 
 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Lead Borrower organized under the laws of the United States, any state or the District of Columbia. 
 
 Dutch Loan Party means a Loan Party incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands. 
 28 

Early Opt-in Election means a determination by the Administrative Agent that syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable currency being executed at such time, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 2.14 , are being executed or amended, as applicable, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the applicable Benchmark and such new benchmark interest rate is the then-prevailing market convention, or an evolving market convention that the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower reasonably expect to become the prevailing market convention, for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable currency. 
 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 
 EEA Resolution Authority means, any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having authority to exercise any Write-Down and Conversion Powers. 
 
 Eco Services means Eco Services Operations LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 
 Ecovyst has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Eligible Account Debtor Jurisdictions shall mean (i) with respect to the US Borrowing Base, the United States, (ii) reserved , or (iii) with respect to the European Borrowing Base, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, New Zealand, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom or the United States, in each case together with any state, province or territory thereof (as applicable). 
 
 Eligible Accounts means those Accounts created by any Loan Party (other than Holdings) in the ordinary course of business, that arise out of such Loan Party s sale of goods or rendition of services, that comply with each of the representations and warranties in all material respects respecting Eligible Accounts made in the Loan Documents, and that are not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria set forth below provided , however , that such criteria may be revised from time to time by the Administrative Agent in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion to address, among other things, the results of any audit performed by the Administrative Agent from time to time after the Closing Date. In determining the amount to be included, Eligible Accounts shall be calculated net of customer deposits and unapplied cash. Eligible Accounts shall not include the following 
 
 (a) Accounts (i) that are more than 60 days past due and (ii) that the Account Debtor has failed to pay within 90 days of original invoice date (or 120 days for Accounts in an amount not in excess of 5,000,000), 
 
 (b) Accounts owed by an Account Debtor where 50 or more of all Accounts owed by that Account Debtor are deemed ineligible under clause (a) above, 
 
 29 

(c) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is an Affiliate of a Loan Party, or an employee or agent of a Loan Party, as applicable, (other than Accounts of an Affiliate that is a portfolio company of the Sponsor (and is not a Subsidiary of Holdings) arising in the ordinary course of business on arm s length terms), 
 
 (d) Accounts arising in a transaction wherein goods are sold pursuant to a guaranteed sale, a sale or return, a sale on approval, a bill and hold (except where ownership in the underlying good has been transferred to the Account Debtor and in connection therewith the Administrative Agent has in its Permitted Discretion, established an Availability Reserve), or any other terms by reason of which the payment by the Account Debtor may be conditional, 
 
 (e) Accounts that are payable in a currency other than Dollars Sterling or Euros, 
 
 (f) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is either (i) not domiciled in an Eligible Account Debtor Jurisdiction or (ii) if other than a natural Person, not organized, formed or incorporated under the laws of an Eligible Account Debtor Jurisdiction unless, (w) the Account is supported by an irrevocable letter of credit or other credit support reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent which is assigned to the Administrative Agent for benefit of the Secured Parties (with such assignment acknowledged by the issuing or domestic confirming bank) or, if requested by the Administrative Agent, that has been delivered to the Administrative Agent and is directly drawable by the Administrative Agent, (x) the Account is covered by credit insurance in form, substance and amount, and by an insurer, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (y) the Account Debtor is an Affiliate of an Account Debtor that satisfies either clause (i) or (ii) above that has initiated the relevant purchase order on behalf of such Account Debtor in the ordinary course of business or (z) the Account Debtor is an Eligible Multinational Account Debtor provided that the sum of all Eligible Accounts due from all Eligible Multinational Account Debtors included in the US Borrowing Base and the European Borrowing Base shall not exceed 10,000,000 in the aggregate. 
 
 (g) (i) with respect to the US Borrowing Base, Accounts in excess of 7,500,000 in the aggregate with respect to which the Account Debtor is the United States or any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States (exclusive, however, of Accounts with respect to which the applicable Borrower has complied, to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent, with the Assignment of Claims Act, 31 USC 3727), (ii) reserved , (iii) with respect to the European Borrowing Base, Accounts in excess of 5,000,000 in the aggregate with respect to which the Account Debtor is the United Kingdom or any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United Kingdom, or (iv) with respect to the European Borrowing Base, Accounts in excess of 5,000,000 in the aggregate with respect to which the Account Debtor is or any department, agency, or instrumentality of the Netherlands, 
 
 (h) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is a creditor of a Borrower or any Loan Party, has or has asserted a right of setoff, or has disputed its obligation to pay all or any portion of the Account, to the extent of such claim, right of setoff or dispute (unless such Account Debtor has entered into a written agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to waive such claim, right of offset, or dispute), solely to the extent of such claim, right of setoff or dispute or open accounts payable, 
 
 (i) Accounts with respect to which an Account Debtor whose total obligations owing to the Loan Parties exceeded 15 (such percentage, as applied to a particular Account Debtor, being subject to reduction by the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion if the creditworthiness of such Account Debtor deteriorates) of all Eligible Accounts, to the extent of the obligations owing by such Account Debtor in excess of such percentage provided , 
 30 

however , that, in each case, the amount of Eligible Accounts that are excluded because they exceed the foregoing percentage shall be determined by the Administrative Agent based on all of the otherwise Eligible Accounts prior to giving effect to any eliminations based upon the foregoing concentration limit but shall not be excluded in an amount in excess of the foregoing percentage, 
 
 (j) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, is not Solvent, has gone out of business, or as to which a Borrower or any Loan Party has received notice of an imminent Insolvency Proceeding unless an Account Debtor has been authorized to pay such Accounts pursuant to a valid court order (and so long as the financial condition of such Account Debtor is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion), 
 
 (k) Accounts that are not subject to a valid and perfected first priority Administrative Agent s Lien (including taking into account the governing law of the applicable contracts evidencing the Accounts and sufficiency of the applicable Collateral Documents to create valid and enforceable Liens with respect thereto as determined by the Administrative Agent acting in its Permitted Discretion) provided that this clause (k) shall not exclude from Eligible Accounts those Accounts subject to unregistered Liens created by operation of law that accrue amounts not yet due and payable, provided that such Liens are Permitted Liens, 
 
 (l) Accounts with respect to which (i) the goods giving rise to such Account have not been shipped and billed to the Account Debtor, (ii) the services giving rise to such Account have not been performed and billed to the Account Debtor or (iii) the services represent fees for shared warehouse space, lab fees and other miscellaneous non-trade activity, 
 
 (m) Accounts that represent the right to receive progress payments or other advance billings that are due prior to the completion of performance by the applicable Loan Party, of the subject contract for goods or services, 
 
 (n) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country, 
 
 (o) Accounts with dated terms of more than 180 days from the invoice date, and 
 
 (p) In the case of Accounts governed by the laws of the Netherlands, Accounts for which the assignment or encumbrance thereof is restricted or prohibited by the terms of such Account to the extent such restriction or prohibition results in the inability of the applicable Loan Party to grant a valid and perfected first priority Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 
 Eligible Assignee means (a) any Lender, (b) any commercial bank, insurance company, or finance company, financial institution, any fund that invests in loans or any other accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act), (c) any Affiliate of any Lender or (d) any Approved Fund of any Lender provided that in any event, Eligible Assignee shall not include (i) any natural person, (ii) any Disqualified Institution or (iii) any Borrower or any of such Borrower s Affiliates. 
 
 Eligible Inventory means Inventory of a Loan Party (other than Holdings) that complies with each of the representations and warranties in all material respects respecting Eligible Inventory made in the Loan Documents, and that is not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria set forth below provided , however , that such criteria may be revised from time to time by the Administrative Agent in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion to address, among 
 31 

other things, the results of any audit or appraisal performed by the Administrative Agent from time to time after the Closing Date. In determining the amount to be so included, Inventory shall be valued at the lower of cost or market value on a basis consistent with the Loan Parties historical accounting practices. An item of Inventory shall not be included in Eligible Inventory if 
 
 (a) a Loan Party does not have good, valid, and marketable title thereto, 
 
 (b) a Loan Party does not have actual and exclusive possession thereof (either directly or through a bailee or agent of a Loan Party), unless, in each case, such Inventory is otherwise eligible pursuant to clause (d) below, 
 
 (c) it is not located at a location in (i) with respect to the US Borrowing Base, the United States or (ii) with respect to the European Borrowing Base, England and Wales or the Netherlands, 
 
 (d) it is in-transit to or from a location of a Loan Party (other than in-transit from one location of a Loan Party to another location of a Loan Party), 
 
 (e) it is located on real property leased by a Loan Party or in a contract warehouse, in each case, unless (i) it is subject to a Collateral Access Agreement or (ii) a Rent and Charges Reserve has been established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion, 
 
 (f) it is the subject of a bill of lading or other document of title, 
 
 (g) it is not subject to a valid and perfected first priority Administrative Agent s Lien provided that this clause (g) shall not exclude from Eligible Inventory that Inventory subject to unregistered Liens created by operation of law that secure amounts not yet due and payable, provided such Liens are Permitted Liens, 
 
 (h) it is located at any location at which the aggregate value of all Inventory at such location is less than 50,000, 
 
 (i) it is the portion of the Eligible Inventory that represents intercompany profit, 
 
 (j) reserved , 
 
 (k) it is consigned to a customer, 
 
 (l) any Inventory as to which the applicable Loan Party takes a revaluation reserve, but only to the extent of the reserve, 
 
 (m) it is located at an outside processor or vendor, 
 
 (n) it consists of goods that are obsolete or slow moving, restrictive or custom items, or goods that constitute spare parts, packaging and shipping materials, supplies used or consumed in a Loan Party s business, bill and hold goods, defective goods, out-of-spec , damaged, non-standard, trial items, seconds or Inventory acquired on consignment, 
 
 (o) it consists of goods returned or rejected by the applicable Loan Party s customers other than the goods that are undamaged or resalable in the Ordinary Course of Business, 
 
 32 

(p) to the extent located in the Netherlands it is subject to reclamation rights or the documentation for the purchase of such Inventory contains a retention of title provision in favor of the seller, 
 
 (q) to the extent located in the Netherlands, it is subject to formation zaaksvorming ), commingling vermenging or accession natrekking with assets owned by third parties, 
 
 it is subject to any licensing arrangement or any other intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any Person, the effect of which would be to limit the ability of the Administrative Agent, or any Person selling the Inventory on behalf of the Administrative Agent, to sell such Inventory in enforcement of the Administrative Agent s Liens without further consent or payment to the licensor or such other Person (unless such consent has then been obtained), 
 
 (s) it is not covered by casualty insurance maintained as required by Section 5.05, or 
 
 (t) in the case of a European Borrower, it is subject to retention of title or extended retention of title rights. 
 
 Each reference to Loan Parties in the foregoing definition of Eligible Inventory shall be deemed to exclude Holdings. 
 
 Eligible Multinational Account Debtors shall mean (i) GlaxoSmithKline, Colgate Palmolive, Unilever and Procter & Gamble, in each case, so long as such Account Debtor has an investment grade rating from either S&P or Moody s and (ii) Lucite International and any other Account Debtor approved by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 
 Enterprise Act Reserves means with respect to each UK Loan Party an amount equal to (a) a maximum of 800,000, being the amount ring-fenced for distribution to unsecured creditors from the proceeds of realising a floating charge pursuant to section 176A of the Insolvency Act 1986 and the Insolvency Act 1986 (Prescribed Part) Order 2003 (as amended by the Insolvency Act 1986 (Prescribed Part) (Amendment Order 2020) or such other amount as may be specified as a matter of English law plus (b) sums which are due by way of contributions to occupational pension schemes and state scheme premiums plus (c) unpaid remuneration of its employees in respect of the 4 month period prior to insolvency, subject to a maximum cap (currently 800 per employee) plus (d) any other claims constituting a preferential claim ranking ahead of the holder of a floating charge by operation of law. 
 
 Environment means ambient air, indoor air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, land surface and subsurface strata and natural resources such as wetlands, flora and fauna. 
 
 Environmental Claim means any investigation, notice, notice of violation, claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand, abatement order or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (a) pursuant to or in connection with any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law (b) in connection with any Hazardous Material or any actual or alleged Hazardous Materials Activity or (c) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat or harm to the Environment 
 
 Environmental Laws means any and all current or future applicable foreign or domestic, federal or state (or any subdivision of either of them), statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, judgments, Governmental Authorizations, or any other applicable requirements of Governmental Authorities and the common law relating to (a) environmental matters, including those relating to any Hazardous Materials Activity or (b) the generation, use, storage, transportation or disposal 
 33 

of or exposure to Hazardous Materials, in any manner applicable to the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any Facility. 
 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental investigation or remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the Environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. 
 
 ERISA Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, (a) any corporation which is a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code of which that Person is a member and (b) any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is a member of a group of trades or businesses under common control within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code of which that Person is a member. 
 
 ERISA Event means (a) a reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued thereunder with respect to any Pension Plan (excluding those for which the 30-day notice period has been waived) (b) the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan, or the filing of any request for or receipt of a minimum funding waiver under Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or a failure to make a required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan (c) the provision by the administrator of any Pension Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate such plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA (d) the withdrawal by any Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to any Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan (f) the imposition of liability on a Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA (g) a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) of a Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from any Multiemployer Plan, or the receipt by any Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in insolvency pursuant to Section 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA or is in endangered or critical status, within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA (h) a failure by any Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates to pay when due (after expiration of any applicable grace period) any installment payment with respect to withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA (i) a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is reasonably expected to be, in at-risk status, within the meaning of Section 430(i)(4) of the Code or Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA or (j) the incurrence of liability or the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 436 or 430(k) of the Code or pursuant to ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan. 
 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(a). 
 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(c). 
 34 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 
 Euro or means the single currency unit of the Participating Member States. 
 
 European Banking Services Obligations means Banking Services Obligations of a European Loan Party that are not Banking Services Obligations as defined in the Term Loan Agreement (or any equivalent term under the Term Facility). 
 
 European Borrower means any Subsidiary of the US Borrower that is incorporated or organized under the laws of the Netherlands or England and Wales and designated as a European Borrower pursuant to a European Borrower Joinder Agreement. 
 
 European Borrower Joinder Agreement means a joinder agreement executed by the applicable European Loan Party in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (which shall include conditions that each Revolving Lender with an Initial European Commitment has reasonably satisfied its requirements under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations with respect to each applicable European Loan Party) and there would be no material adverse legal, regulatory or licensing requirement imposed on or relating to such Revolving Lender in respect of such proposed European Loan Party or any commitment or extension of credit hereunder relating thereto. 
 
 European Borrowing Base means the sum, in Dollars, of the following as set forth in the most recently delivered European Borrowing Base Certificate 
 
 (a) 85 of the European Loan Parties Eligible Accounts plus 
 
 (b) the lesser of (i) 85 of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value or (ii) 70 of the book value of the European Loan Parties Eligible Inventory (calculated at the lower of cost or market value) plus 
 
 (c) 100 of Qualified Cash of the European Loan Parties provided that the sum of all Qualified Cash of all Loan Parties included in the US Borrowing Base and the European Borrowing Base may not exceed 25,000,000 in the aggregate minus 
 
 (d) any Availability Reserve established in connection with the foregoing. 
 
 In connection with any Subject Transaction, the European Borrowers may submit a European Borrowing Base Certificate reflecting a calculation of the European Borrowing Base that includes Eligible Accounts and Eligible Inventory (otherwise satisfying the criteria in respect thereof, contained in such definition) acquired by European Loan Parties in connection with such Subject Transaction (the Acquired European Eligible Accounts and the Acquired European Eligible Inventory , respectively) and, from and after the Subject Transaction Date, the European Borrowing Base hereunder shall be calculated giving effect thereto provided that prior to the completion of a field examination and inventory appraisal with respect to such Acquired European Eligible Accounts and Acquired European Eligible Inventory, such adjustment to the European Borrowing Base shall only be available if a customary desktop audit with respect to such assets reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion has been completed and shall be limited to (i) from the Subject Transaction Date until the date that is 91 days after the Subject Transaction Date, the aggregate amount of Acquired European Eligible Accounts and Acquired European Eligible Inventory included in the European Borrowing Base prior to the completion of a field examination and inventory appraisal with 
 35 

respect thereto, shall not exceed 10 of the European Borrowing Base (calculated after giving effect to the inclusion (up to such 10 cap) of the Acquired European Eligible Accounts and Acquired European Eligible Inventory as to which a field examination and inventory appraisal has not been performed). From the 91st day following the Subject Transaction Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree), the European Borrowing Base shall be calculated without reference to the Acquired European Eligible Accounts and the Acquired European Eligible Inventory until a field examination and inventory appraisal has been completed with respect to such assets it being understood and agreed that (x) there shall be no Default or Event of Default solely as a result of a failure to complete and deliver such inventory appraisal and field examination on or prior to the dates indicated above and (y) the performance of such inventory appraisal and field examination on the Acquired European Eligible Accounts and the Acquired European Eligible Inventory shall not count toward the limitations on the number of inventory appraisals and field examinations contained in Section 5.06(b) . 
 
 European Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower, in substantially the form of Exhibit N , as such form, subject to the terms hereof, may from time to time be modified as agreed by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent or such other form which is acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 
 European Borrowing Base Effective Date means the first date on which (i) a European Borrower delivers a European Borrower Joinder Agreement and complies with clause (a)(iii) of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (ii) a European Borrowing Base Certificate has been delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 European Collateral means any and all property of any European Loan Party or US Loan Party subject (or purported to be subject) to a Lien under any Collateral Document and any and all other property of any European Loan Party or US Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that is or becomes subject (or purported to be subject) to a Lien pursuant to any Collateral Document, in each case, to secure the European Secured Obligations. 
 
 European Concentration Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.16(a) . 
 
 European Hedge Product Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of European Secured Hedging Obligations. 
 
 European LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(j) . 
 
 European LC Exposure means at any time, the sum of (a) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding European Letters of Credit at such time and (b) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of all LC Disbursements with respect to European Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed at such time. The European LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall equal its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate European LC Exposure at such time. 
 
 European Letter of Credit has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(a)(i)(C) 
 
 European Letter of Credit Sublimit means 8,000,000, subject to increase in accordance with Section 2.22 . 
 
 European Line Cap means at any time, the lesser of (i) the aggregate Initial European Commitment and (ii) the then-applicable European Borrowing Base. 
 36 

European Loan Guaranty means any European Loan Guaranty Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which shall be based on the US Loan Guaranty, with changes to be reasonably agreed), executed by each European Loan Party party thereto and the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 
 European Loan Party means any Loan Party that is incorporated or organized under the laws of the Netherlands or England and Wales. 
 
 European Lockbox has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.16(a) . 
 
 European Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest (including interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on the Initial European Revolving Loans, all European Overadvances, all European Protective Advances, all European LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and all other advances to, debts, liabilities and obligations of the European Loan Parties to the Lenders or to any Lender, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents in respect of any Initial European Revolving Loan, European Overadvance, European Protective Advance, European Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute, contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising. 
 
 European Overadvance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.04(c) . 
 
 European Protective Advance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(a) . 
 
 European Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure or unused Initial European Revolving Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure and such unused Initial European Revolving Commitments at such time provided that the Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Initial European Revolving Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of the European Required Lenders at any time. 
 
 European Secured Hedging Obligations means all Hedging Obligations (other than any Excluded Swap Obligations) of any European Loan Party under each Hedge Agreement that (a) is in effect on the Closing Date between any European Loan Party and a counterparty that is the Administrative Agent, a Lender, an Arranger or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Arranger as of the Closing Date or (b) is entered into after the Closing Date between any European Loan Party and any counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Arranger at the time such Hedge Agreement is entered into, for which such European Loan Party agrees to provide security and in each case that has been designated to the Administrative Agent in writing by any European Borrower as being a European Secured Hedging Obligation for purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood that each counterparty thereto shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its agent under the applicable Loan Documents and (B) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article 8 , Section 9.03 and Section 9.10 as if it were a Lender provided that for any such European Secured Hedging Obligations to constitute Designated Hedging Obligations, the applicable European Loan Party must have provided written notice to the Administrative Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit O notifying the Administrative Agent of (i) the existence of the applicable Hedge Agreement and (ii) the maximum amount of obligations of the applicable European Loan Party that may arise thereunder (the European Hedge Product Amount ). The European Hedge Product Amount may be changed from time to time upon written notice to the Administrative Agent by 
 37 

the applicable Secured Party and European Loan Party. No European Hedge Product Amount may be established or increased at any time that a Default or Event of Default exists, or if a reserve in such amount would cause an Overadvance. 
 
 European Secured Obligations means all Secured Obligations of the European Loan Parties. 
 
 European Successor Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.07(a) . 
 
 European Super Majority Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Initial European Revolving Commitments representing more than 66-2 3 of the sum of the aggregate Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure and such unused Initial European Revolving Commitments of all Lenders at such time provided that the Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Initial European Revolving Commitment of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of the European Super Majority Lenders at any time. 
 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article 7 . 
 
 Excluded Account means any Deposit Account or Securities Account (in each case, as defined in the UCC) (i) which is a Trust Fund Account, (ii) any deposit account used by any Loan Party exclusively for disbursements and payments (including payroll) in the ordinary course of business, (iii) which is used for the sole purpose of holding the proceeds of Term Loan Collateral pending reinvestment by the Borrowers or application against the Term Loans, (iv) which is a zero balance account or (v) which has an average daily balance for any fiscal month of less than 500,000 individually or 2,000,000 in the aggregate for all such Excluded Accounts. 
 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Excluded Assets means each of the following 
 
 (a) any assets (including any lease, licenses or agreement) subject to a purchase money security interest, capital lease or similar arrangement permitted by this Agreement as to which the grant of a security interest therein would (i) constitute a violation of a restriction in favor of a third party (other than Holdings, the Borrowers or any of their subsidiaries) or result in the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of any right of the relevant Loan Party, or (ii) result in a breach, termination (or a right of termination) or default under such contract, instrument, lease, license, agreement or other document (including pursuant to any change of control or similar provision) provided, however, that any such asset will only constitute an Excluded Asset under clause (i) or clause (ii) above to the extent such violation or breach, termination (or right of termination) or default would not be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law provided further that any such asset shall cease to constitute an Excluded Asset at such time as the condition causing such violation, breach, termination (or right of termination) or default or right to amend or require other actions no longer exists and to the extent severable, the security interest granted under the applicable Collateral Document shall attach immediately to any portion of such contract, instrument, lease, license, agreement or document that does not result in any of the consequences specified in clauses (i) and (ii) above 
 
 38 

(b) the Capital Stock of any (i) Immaterial Subsidiary, (ii) Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (iii) Unrestricted Subsidiary (except to the extent the security interest in such Capital Stock may be perfected by the filing of a Form UCC-1 (or similar) financing statement), (iv) not-for-profit subsidiary, (v) special purpose entity used for any permitted securitization facility, (vi) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and is not permitted to be pledged pursuant to such entity s organizational documents without (A) the consent of one or more unaffiliated third parties other than Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its subsidiaries (after giving effect to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law) or (B) giving rise to a right of first refusal , a right of first offer or a similar right that may be exercised by any third party other than Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its subsidiaries, (vii) any subsidiary that is prohibited from having its stock pledged by (A) any law or regulation or would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval or authorization, or (B) any Contractual Obligation that exists on the Closing Date or at the same time such subsidiary becomes a subsidiary of the Lead Borrower and not entered into in contemplation of such subsidiary becoming a subsidiary of the Lead Borrower, (viii) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date that, at the time of the relevant acquisition (and not entered into in contemplation of such acquisition), is an obligor in respect of any Indebtedness permitted to be assumed by the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary to the extent (and for so long as) the documentation governing the applicable assumed Indebtedness prohibits the Capital Stock of such Restricted Subsidiary from being pledged, and (ix) any person that is not (A) the Lead Borrower or (B) a Restricted Subsidiary that is a direct, first tier subsidiary of the Lead Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor 
 
 (c) any IP Rights in any non-U.S. jurisdictions and any intent-to-use Trademark application prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or an Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto, only to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use Trademark application or any registration issuing therefrom under applicable law 
 
 (d) any asset (including governmental licenses or state or local franchises, charters, authorizations and agreements), the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would (i) be prohibited or restricted by applicable law (after giving effect to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC and other applicable laws) or (ii) require any governmental consent, approval, license or authorization that has not been obtained (after giving effect to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC and other applicable laws), (iii) be prohibited by enforceable anti-assignment provisions of applicable Requirements of Law, except, in the case of this clause (iii), to the extent such prohibition would be rendered ineffective under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition, or (iv) be prohibited by enforceable anti-assignment provisions of contracts governing such asset in existence on the Closing Date or on the date of acquisition of the relevant asset (and in each case not entered into in anticipation of the Closing Date or such acquisition and except, in each case, to the extent that term in such contract providing for such prohibition purports to prohibit the granting of a security interest over all assets of such Loan Party or any other Loan Party) other than to the extent such prohibition would be rendered ineffective under the UCC or other applicable law 
 
 (e) (i) any leasehold Real Estate Asset and (ii) any owned Real Estate Asset 
 
 (f) any leasehold interests in any other asset or property (except to the extent the security interest in such leasehold interest may be perfected by the filing of a Form UCC-1 financing statement) 
 
 39 

(g) any motor vehicles and other assets subject to certificates of title 
 
 (h) any Margin Stock 
 
 (i) with respect to any Credit Extension, Overadvance or Protective Advance made to the US Borrower, the Capital Stock of any Foreign Subsidiary or any Foreign Subsidiary Holdco, other than 65 of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary that is a direct, first-tier Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor and owned by the Lead Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor 
 
 (j) (i) Commercial Tort Claims with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Lead Borrower) of less than 20,000,000 (except as to which perfection of the security interest in such Commercial Tort Claims is accomplished by the filing of a Form UCC-1 financing statement covering all-assets (or similar language)) and (ii) Letter-of-Credit Rights (except to the extent constituting a supporting obligation for other Collateral as to which perfection of the security interest in such Letter-of-Credit Rights may be perfected by the filing of a Form UCC-1 financing statement covering all-assets (or similar language)) 
 
 (k) any Cash or Cash Equivalents comprised of (a) funds specially and exclusively used or to be used for payroll and payroll taxes and other employee benefit payments to or for the benefit for any Loan Party s employees, (b) funds used or to be used to pay all Taxes required to be collected, remitted or withheld (including, without limitation, U.S. federal and state withholding Taxes (including the employer s share thereof)) and (c) any other funds which any Loan Party holds as an escrow or fiduciary for the benefit of another Person (Cash and Cash Equivalents described in this clause (k), Tax and Trust Funds as long as such Tax and Trust Funds are deposited in a Trust Fund Accounts 
 
 (l) any accounts receivable and related assets that are sold or disposed of in connection with any factoring or similar arrangement permitted by this Agreement 
 
 (m) any asset or property (including the Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary), the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would result in material adverse tax liabilities or consequences to any Parent Company, Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (including with respect to any tax distribution paid or payable to any Parent Company), as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent 
 
 (n) any asset with respect to which the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower have reasonably determined that the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence (including any effect on the ability of the relevant Loan Party to conduct its operations and business in the ordinary course of business) of obtaining or perfecting a security interest therein outweighs the benefit of a security interest to the relevant Secured Parties afforded thereby as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower and 
 
 (o) provided that, Excluded Assets shall not include any proceeds, substitutions or replacements of any Excluded Assets referred to in clauses (a) through (o) (unless such proceeds, substitutions or replacements would constitute Excluded Assets referred to in clauses (a) through (p)). 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that the exclusions above shall not be applicable solely to the extent necessary for any customary English law floating charge to constitute a qualifying floating charge granted by a UK Loan Party. 
 
 40 

Excluded Subsidiary means 
 
 (a) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary 
 
 (b) any Immaterial Subsidiary 
 
 (c) any Restricted Subsidiary that is prohibited from providing a Guarantee by (i) law or regulation or whose provision of a Guarantee would require a governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization in order to provide a Guarantee or (ii) any contractual obligation existing on the Closing Date or at the time such Restricted Subsidiary becomes a subsidiary (which Contractual Obligation was not entered into in contemplation of such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a subsidiary) from providing a Loan Guaranty 
 
 (d) any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that is (i) a not-for-profit subsidiary, (ii) a Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (iii) a special purpose entity used for any permitted securitization or receivables facility or financing, (iv) a Foreign Subsidiary or a direct or indirect subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary, (v) a Foreign Subsidiary Holdco or a direct or indirect subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary Holdco, or (vi) an Unrestricted Subsidiary 
 
 (e) any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Lead Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent), the burden or cost of providing a Loan Guaranty outweighs the benefits afforded thereby 
 
 (f) solely in the case of any obligation under any Secured Hedging Obligations that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1(a)(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act, any subsidiary of Holdings that is not an Eligible Contract Participant as defined under the Commodity Exchange Act (after giving effect to any applicable customary keepwell provision under the Loan Guaranty) 
 
 (g) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date that, at the time of the relevant acquisition (and not entered into in contemplation of such acquisition), is an obligor in respect of assumed Indebtedness that is permitted hereunder to the extent (and for so long as) the documentation governing the applicable assumed Indebtedness prohibits such Restricted Subsidiary from providing a Loan Guaranty 
 
 (h) any subsidiary of the Lead Borrower where the provision of a Loan Guaranty would result in material adverse tax consequences to any Parent Company, Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent and 
 
 (i) any subsidiary as reasonably agreed between the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Loan Guaranty of such Loan Guarantor of, or the grant by such Loan Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Loan Guaranty thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder (determined after giving effect to Section 3.20 of the Loan Guaranty and any other keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Loan Guarantor) at the time the Loan Guaranty of such Loan Guarantor or the 
 41 

grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Loan Guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender (which for purposes of this term shall include any Issuing Bank) or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (a) Taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income (however denominated) and franchise Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed under Section 884(a) of the Code or any similar Tax, imposed by any jurisdiction described in clause (a) , (c) in the case of any Lender, any U.S. federal withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment that are (or would be) required to be withheld pursuant to a Requirement of Law in effect at the time such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office), except in each case (i) pursuant to an assignment or designation of a new lending office under Section 2.19 and (ii) to the extent that such Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, immediately prior to the designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from any Loan Party with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to Section 2.17 , (d) any Tax imposed as a result of a failure by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with Section 2.17(f) , (e) any withholding Tax imposed under FATCA and (f) U.S. backup withholding taxes and (f) any Bank Levy. 
 
 Existing Term Loan Credit Agreement means that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2016, by and among CPQ, PQ, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Credit Suisse, in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders, as amended by the First Amendment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2016, the Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2017, the Third Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2018, the Fourth Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2020, and the Fifth Amendment Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, and any other amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements, refinancings, renewals, extensions or modifications thereof. 
 
 Existing Term Loan Credit Agreement Transactions has the meaning assigned to Transactions in the Existing Term Loan Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof. 
 
 Extended Revolving Credit Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a) . 
 
 Extended Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a) . 
 
 Extended Revolving Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a) . 

Extension has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a) . 
 
 Extension Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (to the extent required by Section 2.23 and the Borrowers executed by each of (a) Holdings, (b) the Borrowers, (c) the Administrative Agent and (d) each Lender that has accepted the applicable Extension Offer pursuant hereto and in accordance with Section 2.23 . 
 
 Extension Offer has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a) . 
 42 

Facility means any real property (including all buildings, fixtures or other improvements located thereon) now, hereafter or, except with respect to Articles 5 and 6 , hereof owned, leased, operated or used by any Borrower or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 
 Fair Market Value means, with respect to any property, assets (including Capital Stock and Indebtedness) or obligations, the fair market value thereof as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower (after taking into account, with respect to property and assets, any liabilities with respect thereto that impact such fair market value). 
 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to current Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 
 FCPA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.17(b) . 
 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be the average rate charged to the Administrative Agent on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent provided that to the extent that the Federal Funds Effective Rate is less than 0.00 per annum, the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 per annum for purposes hereof. 
 
 Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 
 Fee Letter means that certain Fee Letter, dated as of March 29, 2016 by and among, inter alias , the US Borrower and Citi. 
 
 Financial Support Direction means a financial support direction issued by the Pensions Regulator under section 43 of the Pensions Act 2004 (UK). 
 
 First Amendment shall mean the First Amendment Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2020, among the Borrowers, Holdings, each Guarantor and Citibank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent (on behalf of itself and on behalf of all Consenting Lenders (as defined therein)). 
 
 First Amendment Effective Date shall mean March 20, 2020. 
 
 First Lien Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated First Lien Debt as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case for the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 First Priority Secured Obligations means the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement) in respect of the Term Loans and any other Credit Facilities secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Term Loans (as incurred and secured on the Restatement Effective Date). 
 
 43 

First Restated Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals to this Agreement. 
 Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year. 
 
 Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Lead Borrower ending December 31 of each calendar year. 
 
 Fixed Basket means any category or subcategory of exceptions, thresholds, baskets, or other provisions in this Agreement based on a fixed Dollar amount and or percentage of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets as of any date of determination (including in Article 6 and clause (a)(i) or any sub-clause therein of the definition of Incremental Cap or that is not otherwise an Incurrence-Based Basket. 
 
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, the ratio, determined on a consolidated basis for the Borrowers and their Restricted Subsidiaries for the most recent four Fiscal Quarters period, of (a) trailing 4-quarter Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA minus (i) Capital Expenditures (except to the extent financed with the proceeds of Dispositions, long term Indebtedness (other than the Revolving Loans) for such period and (ii) the aggregate amount of federal, state, local and foreign income Taxes paid or payable currently in cash for such period to (b) Fixed Charges paid or payable currently in cash for such period, in each case, of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 Fixed Charges means without duplication, the sum of (a) Net Interest Expense, (b) scheduled principal payments in respect of Indebtedness for borrowed money paid or payable in cash (other than payments made by the Borrowers or their Restricted Subsidiaries to the Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries and, in any case, excluding any earn-out obligation or purchase price adjustment), (c) scheduled payments in respect of Capital Leases paid or payable in Cash to the extent allocated to principal in accordance with GAAP, all calculated for the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, (c) solely for purposes of testing Section 6.15 , unfinanced Restricted Payments made in reliance on the Payment Conditions and (d) solely to the extent testing compliance with the Payment Conditions, Restricted Payments made in reliance on the Payment Conditions. For purposes of determining the amount of principal allocated to scheduled payments under Capital Leases under this definition, interest in respect of any Capital Lease of any Person shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capital Lease in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0.00 . 
 
 Foreign Discretionary Guarantor means a Discretionary Guarantor that is organized in a jurisdiction outside of the United States. 
 
 Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 
 Foreign Subsidiary Holdco means a direct or indirect Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that has no material assets other than the capital stock and, if applicable, capital stock and indebtedness of one or more subsidiaries that are Foreign Subsidiaries or other Foreign Subsidiary Holdcos. 
 
 Fourth Amendment shall mean the Fourth Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2023, among the Lead Borrower and Citibank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent. 
 44 

Funding Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(h) . 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. in effect and applicable to the accounting period in respect of which reference to GAAP is made, subject to Section 1.04(a) provided , that, unless the Lead Borrower elects otherwise or exercises its rights under Section 1.04(a) , the accounting for operating leases and capital leases under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date (including, without limitation, Accounting Standards Codification 840) shall apply for the purposes of determining compliance with the provisions of this Agreement (including the definition of Capital Lease, Consolidated Total Debt and Indebtedness), as applied by the Lead Borrower in good faith. 
 Governmental Authority means any federal, provincial, territorial, state, municipal, national or other government, governmental department, commission, board, bureau, court, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity or officer exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to any government or any court, in each case whether associated with a state or locality of the U.S., the U .S., or a foreign government or any other political subdivision thereof, including central banks and supra national bodies. 
 
 Governmental Authorization means any permit, license, authorization, plan, directive, consent order or consent decree of or from any Governmental Authority. 
 
 Granting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(e) . 
 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (as used in this definition, the Guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the Guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person (the Primary Obligor in any manner and including any obligation of the Guarantor (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the Primary Obligor so as to enable the Primary Obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or monetary obligation, (e) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part) or (f) secured by any Lien on any assets of such Guarantor securing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or monetary other obligation is assumed by such Guarantor (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation to obtain any such Lien) provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition, Disposition or other transaction permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. 
 
 Guarantor means Holdings, each Borrower, any Subsidiary Guarantor and any Discretionary Guarantor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lead Borrower may elect, in its sole discretion (but subject to the consent of the Administrative Agent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to cause one or more Restricted Subsidiaries that are Excluded Subsidiaries or, without limiting the obligation of Holdings and each Borrower to at all times be a Guarantor, one or more 
 45 

specified Parent Companies to become a Guarantor (any such person, a Discretionary Guarantor by causing such Person to execute a joinder to the Loan Guaranty (in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto) and to satisfy the requirements of Section 5.12, the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and the Perfection Requirements (as if such Person was a newly formed Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary but without regard to the time periods specified therein, provided that such entity shall not be deemed a Guarantor or Discretionary Guarantor until such entity has complied with such requirements) provided , that (i) in the case of any Foreign Discretionary Guarantor, the jurisdiction of such person is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) Administrative Agent shall have received at least two (2) Business Days prior to such Person becoming a Guarantor all documentation and other information in respect of such person required under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations (including the USA Patriot Act) provided, further, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Parent Company (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, Holdings) that becomes a Discretionary Guarantor shall be required to grant (but may grant at the Lead Borrower s election) any Liens or provide any Collateral or other security for its obligations. Any such Discretionary Guarantor shall be treated as and shall be subject to all provisions applicable to Loan Parties and Guarantors and shall not otherwise be treated as or subject to the provisions applicable to Excluded Subsidiaries on the basis for which such Person constituted an Excluded Subsidiary at the time of such designation provided that no Parent Company that is a Discretionary Guarantor shall be treated as a Loan Party or Guarantor for purposes of Article VI or any exceptions, thresholds or baskets applicable to or available to any Person on the basis that such Parent Company is a Loan Party or Guarantor for so long as such Parent Company has not granted any Liens or provided any Collateral or other security for its obligations and otherwise complied with the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and Perfection Requirements (as if such Person was a newly formed Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary but without regard to the time periods specified therein). 
 
 Hazardous Materials means any chemical, material, substance or waste, or any constituent thereof, which is prohibited, defined, listed or regulated as toxic , hazardous or as a pollutant or contaminant or words of similar meaning or effect by any Environmental Law, including asbestos and asbestos-related material. 
 
 Hazardous Materials Activity means any past, current, proposed or threatened activity, event or occurrence involving any Hazardous Material, including the use, manufacture, possession, storage, holding, presence, existence, location, Release, threatened Release, discharge, placement, generation, transportation, processing, construction, treatment, abatement, removal, remediation, disposal, disposition or handling of any Hazardous Material, and any corrective action or response action with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Hedge Agreement means any agreement with respect to any Derivative Transaction between any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary and any other Person 
 Hedging Obligations means, with respect to any Person, the obligations of such Person under any Hedge Agreement. 
 
 Hedge Product Reserve means the aggregate amount of reserves established by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its Permitted Discretion in respect of Designated Hedging Obligations, which shall not exceed the sum of all European Hedge Product Amounts and US Hedge Product Amounts in respect of Designated Hedging Obligations at such time. 
 
 Holdings has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 IBA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.14(a) . 
 
 46 

IFRS means international accounting standards within the meaning of the IAS Regulation 1606 2002, as in effect from time to time (subject to the provisions of Section 1.04 ), to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements. 
 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means, as of any date of determination, any Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that has been designated by the Lead Borrower as an Immaterial Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement, provided that the Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as so determined) of all such designated Immaterial Subsidiaries that would otherwise be required to be Subsidiary Guarantors shall not exceed 5.0 of Consolidated Total Assets and 5.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case, of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the relevant Test Period. 
 Immediate Family Member means, with respect to any individual, such individual s child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, domestic partner, former domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and daughter-in-law (including adoptive relationships), any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate-planning vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals, such individual s estate (or an executor or administrator acting on its behalf), heirs or legatees or any private foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund of which any such individual is the donor. 
 
 Incremental Cap means 
 
 (a) the greater of (i) (x) 100,000,000 less (y) the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Revolving Facilities incurred or issued after the Restatement Effective Date in reliance on clause (a)(i)(x) of this definition and (ii) if, after giving pro forma effect to any Incremental Revolving Facility implemented in reliance on this clause (a) (assuming a full drawing of such Incremental Revolving Facility), either (1) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 6.00 1.00 or (2) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio would not be less than 2.00 1.00 the amount by which the Borrowing Base exceeds the Aggregate Commitments at such time, plus 
 
 (b) the amount of any permanent voluntary reduction of any Aggregate Commitment, plus 
 
 (c) in the case of any Incremental Revolving Facility that effectively replaces any Aggregate Commitment terminated in accordance with Section 2.19 , an amount equal to the relevant terminated Aggregate Commitment, 
 
 provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, amounts under the preceding clauses (b) and (c) may not be duplicative of any Incremental Revolving Facility implemented to replace an Aggregate Commitment incurred in reliance on clause (a)(ii) above. 
 
 Incremental Revolving Commitment means any commitment made by a lender to provide all or any portion of any Incremental Revolving Facility or Incremental Revolving Loans. 
 
 Incremental Revolving Facility Agreement means an amendment to this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (to the extent required by Section 2.21 and the Lead Borrower executed by each of (a) Holdings and the Lead Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that agrees to provide all or any portion of the Incremental Facility being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 2.22 . 
 
 Incremental Revolving Commitment means any commitment made by a lender to provide all or any portion of any Incremental Revolving Facility. 
 47 

Incremental Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 
 Incremental Revolving Facility Lender means, with respect to any Incremental Revolving Facility, each Lender providing any portion of such Incremental Revolving Facility. 
 
 Incremental Revolving Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 
 Incurrence-Based Basket means any category (or subcategory) of exceptions, thresholds, baskets, or other provisions in this Agreement based on complying or subject to compliance (including on a Pro Forma Basis) with any financial ratio (including, without limitation any First Lien Leverage Ratio, any Secured Leverage Ratio, any Total Leverage Ratio, any Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, any Net Interest Coverage Ratio and or clause (a)(ii) (or sub-clause) of the definition of Incremental Cap). 
 
 Indebtedness as applied to any Person means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness for borrowed money (b) that portion of obligations with respect to Capital Leases to the extent recorded as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments to the extent the same would appear as indebtedness on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP (d) any obligation owed for all or any part of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than any earn out obligation, purchase price and working capital adjustment obligations and any similar obligation except to the extent reflected as a liability on the balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP and not paid within thirty (30) days after becoming due and payable), which purchase price is due more than three hundred sixty four (364) days from the date of incurrence of the obligation in respect thereof (e) all Indebtedness of other Persons secured by any Lien on any property or asset owned or held by such Person regardless of whether the Indebtedness secured thereby shall have been assumed by such Person in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the Fair Market Value of the property or asset subject to such Lien (f) the face amount of any letter of credit issued for the account of such Person or as to which such Person is otherwise liable for reimbursement of drawings (g) the Guarantee by such Person of the Indebtedness of another (h) all obligations of such Person in respect of any Disqualified Capital Stock and (i) all net obligations of such Person in respect of any Derivative Transaction, including any Hedge Agreement, whether or not entered into for hedging or speculative purposes provided that in no event shall obligations under any Derivative Transaction be deemed Indebtedness for any calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, the Net Interest Coverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio or any other financial ratio under this Agreement. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or any joint venture (other than any joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, except to the extent such Person s liability for such Indebtedness is otherwise limited and only to the extent such Indebtedness would otherwise be included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the term Indebtedness shall exclude, and shall be calculated without giving effect to, (A) the effects of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose hereunder as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness and any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness hereunder but for the application of this proviso shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness hereunder, (B) the effects of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness 
 48 

for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivative created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness under this Agreement but for the application of this sentence shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness under this Agreement), (C) liabilities under vendor agreements to the extent such liabilities may be satisfied exclusively through non-cash means such as purchase volume earning credits, (D) reserves for deferred taxes (or obligation to make any distributions or Restricted Payments in respect thereof), (E) any obligations incurred under ERISA, (F) accrued expenses and trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business (including on an inter-company basis), (G) liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits, (H) Indebtedness that is non-recourse to the credit of such Person and (I) for all purposes under this Agreement other than for purposes of Section 6.01 , intercompany Indebtedness among Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries provided , further , that the principal amount of any Indebtedness shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.08 . 
 
 Indemnified Taxes means Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b) . 
 
 Information has the meaning set forth in Section 3.11(a) . 
 
 Initial Commitment means with respect to any Lender, such Lender s Initial US Commitment and or Initial European Commitment. 
 
 Initial European Commitment means with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Initial European Revolving Loans (and acquire participations in European Letters of Credit) hereunder or under the Original Credit Agreement or the First Restated Credit Agreement as set forth on the Commitment Schedule, or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Initial European Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 or 2.10 , (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 2.22 or (c) established or increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.22 in connection with an Incremental Revolving Facility. The aggregate amount of the Initial European Commitments as of the Restatement Effective Date is 10,000,000. 
 
 Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Initial European Revolving Lender at any time (a) the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of all Initial European Revolving Loans of such Initial European Revolving Lender, plus (b) the aggregate amount at such time of such Initial European Revolving Lender s European LC Exposure and participation interest in European Protective Advances and European Overadvances. 
 
 Initial European Revolving Lender means any Lender with an Initial European Commitment. 
 
 Initial European Revolving Loan means any loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(c) . 
 
 Initial Revolving Credit Exposure means with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of all Initial Revolving Loans of such Lender, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such Lender s LC Exposure and participation interest in Protective Advances, Overadvances and Swingline Loans, in each case, attributable to its Initial Commitments. 
 
 49 

Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date means the date that is five years after the Restatement Effective Date provided that if such date is not a Business Day, the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
 Initial Revolving Facility means the Initial Commitments and the Initial Revolving Loans and other extensions of credit thereunder. 
 
 Initial Revolving Lender means any Lender with an Initial Commitment or any Initial Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 
 Initial Revolving Loan means any Initial US Revolving Loan and or any Initial European Revolving Loan. 
 
 Initial US Commitment means with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Initial US Revolving Loans (and acquire participations in US Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans) hereunder or under the Original Credit Agreement or the First Restated Credit Agreement as set forth on the Commitment Schedule, or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Initial US Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 or 2.10 , (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 2.22 or (c) established or increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.22 in connection with an Incremental Revolving Facility. The aggregate amount of the Initial US Commitments as of the Restatement Effective Date is 90,000,000. 
 
 Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Initial US Revolving Lender at any time (a) the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of all Initial US Revolving Loans of such Initial US Revolving Lender, plus (b) the aggregate amount at such time of such Initial US Revolving Lender s US LC Exposure and participation interest in US Protective Advances, US Overadvances and Swingline Loans, in each case attributable to its Initial US Commitment. 
 
 Initial US Revolving Lender means any Lender with an Initial US Commitment. 
 
 Initial US Revolving Loan means any loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(a) . 
 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement means any agreement, including any supplement thereto, executed on or after the Restatement Effective Date confirming or effecting the grant of any Lien on IP Rights owned by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in accordance with this Agreement and the US Security Agreement, including any of the following (a) a Trademark Security Agreement substantially in the form attached as an exhibit to the US Security Agreement, (b) a Patent Security Agreement substantially in the form attached as an exhibit to the US Security Agreement or (c) a Copyright Security Agreement substantially in the form attached as an exhibit to the US Security Agreement, together with any and all supplements or amendments thereto. 
 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the applicable Borrower in the form of Exhibit D or another form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08 . 
 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Revolving Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December (commencing on September 30, 2021) or the maturity date applicable to such Revolving Loan and (b) with respect to any LIBO Rate Revolving Loan or SOFR Revolving Loan , the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Revolving Loan is a part and, in the case of a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing with an 
 50 

Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day that would have been an Interest Payment Date had successive Interest Periods of three months duration been applicable to such Borrowing. 
 
 Interest Period means (a) with respect to any LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing (other than an RFR Borrowing), the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one (1), three (3) or six (6) months (or, to the extent available to all relevant affected Lenders, and to the extent ascertainable by the Administrative Agent, twelve (12) months or , subject to the Administrative Agent s consent, a shorter period) thereafter, as the applicable Borrower may elect and (b) with respect to any RFR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one or three months thereafter, as the applicable Borrower may elect provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 
 Inventory has the meaning assigned to such term in the UCC. 
 
 Investment means (a) any purchase or other acquisition by the Borrowers or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries of any of the Securities of any other Person (other than any Loan Party), (b) the acquisition by purchase or otherwise (other than any purchase or other acquisition of inventory, materials, supplies and or equipment in the ordinary course of business) of all or substantially all of the business, property or fixed assets of any other Person or any division or line of business or other business unit of any other Person and (c) any loan, advance (other than any advance to any current or former employee, officer, director, member of management, manager, consultant or independent contractor of the Borrowers, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company for moving, entertainment and travel expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business) or capital contribution by the Borrowers or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries to any other Person. Subject to Section 5.10 , the amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment, plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect thereto, but giving effect to any repayments of principal in the case of any Investment in the form of a loan and any return of capital or return on Investment in the case of any equity Investment (whether as a distribution, dividend, redemption or sale but not in excess of the amount of the relevant initial Investment) and in each case, the amount of the Investment shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.08 . 
 
 Investors means (a) the Sponsor and (b) the Co-Investors. 
 
 IP Rights has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.05(c) . 
 
 IRS means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 Issuing Bank means (i) Citi and any other Lender that, at the request of any Borrower and with the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) agrees to become an Issuing Bank provided that the maximum amount of US Letters of Credit and European Letters of Credit issued and outstanding of any Issuing Bank shall not exceed the amount set forth on Schedule 1.01(a) (as such schedule may be updated from time to time pursuant to Section 2.05(i) with the 
 51 

consent of the applicable Issuing Banks to reflect additional Issuing Banks) at any time unless otherwise agreed in writing by such Issuing Bank and (ii) solely with respect to the applicable Existing Letters of Credit, which will not be extended beyond the applicable maturity date as in effect on the Closing Date, Credit Suisse. Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by any Affiliate of such Issuing Bank, which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 
 
 Junior Indebtedness means any Subordinated Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness among Holdings and or its subsidiaries) with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount. 
 
 Junior Lien Indebtedness means any Indebtedness that is secured by a security interest on the Collateral (other than Indebtedness among Holdings and or its subsidiaries) that is expressly junior or subordinated to the Lien securing the Secured Obligations with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness outstanding under any Term Loan Facility shall not be Junior Lien Indebtedness. 
 
 Latest Maturity Date means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Revolving Loan or commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Initial Revolving Loan, Swingline Loan, Additional Revolving Loan or Additional Revolving Commitment. 
 
 LC Disbursement means a payment or disbursement made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of the US LC Exposure and the European LC Exposure. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall equal its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate LC Exposure at such time. 
 
 LC Obligations means, at any time, the sum of (a) the amount available to be drawn under Letters of Credit then outstanding, assuming compliance with all requirements for drawings referenced therein, plus (b) the aggregate principal amount of all unreimbursed LC Disbursements. 
 
 LC Reimbursement Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(e)(i) . 
 
 LCT Election has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(a) . 
 
 LCT Test Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(a) . 
 
 Lead Borrower means the US Borrower. 
 
 Legal Reservations means the application of relevant Debtor Relief Laws, general principles of equity and or principles of good faith and fair dealing. 
 
 Lenders means the Initial Revolving Lenders, any Additional Revolving Lender, the Swingline Lender, and any other Person that becomes a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 
 
 Letter of Credit means any US Letter of Credit or European Letter of Credit. 
 
 Letter of Credit Request has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(b) . 
 52 

Letter-of-Credit Right has the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the UCC. 
 
 LIBO Rate means, the Published LIBO Rate, as adjusted to reflect applicable reserves prescribed by governmental authorities. 
 
 LIBOR means the London interbank offered rate for U.S. Dollars. 
 
 LIBO Rate Revolving Loan means a Revolving Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the LIBO Rate. 
 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any Capital Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), in each case, in the nature of security provided that in no event shall an operating lease in and of itself be deemed to constitute a Lien. 
 
 Limited Condition Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(a) . 
 
 Line Cap means at any time, the lesser of (i) the Aggregate Commitments and (ii) the then-applicable Borrowing Base. 
 
 Liquidity Period means any period (a) beginning on the date on which (i) Availability shall have been less than the greater of (A) 10 of the Line Cap and (B) 10.0 million or (ii) US Availability is less than 7.5 million, in either case for each day during a period of 5 consecutive Business Days, and (b) ending on the date on which (i) Availability is equal to or greater than the greater of (a) 10 of the Line Cap and (b) 10.0 million and (ii) US Availability is equal to or greater than 7.5 million, in either case for each day during a period of 30 consecutive calendar days. 
 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, the Third Amendment, the Fourth Amendment, any Promissory Note, each Loan Guaranty, the Collateral Documents, each Blocked Account Agreement, the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, any intercreditor agreement required to be entered into pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and any other document or instrument designated by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent as a Loan Document. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto. 
 
 Loan Guaranty means (a) the US Loan Guaranty, (b) reserved , (c) the European Loan Guaranty and (d) each other guaranty agreement executed by any Person pursuant to Section 5.12 in substantially the form attached as Exhibit I or another form of guaranty that is otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower. 
 
 Loan Parties means Holdings, the Borrowers, each Subsidiary Guarantor, and in each case their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 
 Loan Party Payments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(a) . 
 
 Margin Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U. 
 
 53 

Market Capitalization means an amount equal to (i) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common Capital Stock of any applicable Parent Company on the date of the declaration of a Restricted Payment permitted pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(viii) multiplied by (ii) the arithmetic mean of the closing prices per share of such common Capital Stock on the principal securities exchange on which such common Capital Stock are traded for the thirty (30) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of declaration of such Restricted Payment. 
 
 Market Intercreditor Agreement means an intercreditor agreement the terms of which are consistent with market terms including, to the extent relevant for the type of Indebtedness to be subject to such intercreditor agreement, those governing standstill provisions, release mechanics and security arrangements for the sharing of liens or arrangements relating to the distribution of payments, as applicable (which may, if applicable, consist of a payment waterfall ), at the time the intercreditor agreement is proposed to be established in light of the type of Indebtedness subject thereto, which is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Material Account means any Deposit Account or Securities Account of a Loan Party other than any Excluded Account. 
 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, assets, financial condition or results of operations, in each case, of Holdings, each Borrower and each of their Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the rights and remedies (taken as a whole) of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) under the applicable Loan Documents or (iii) the ability of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to perform their payment obligations under the applicable Loan Documents. 
 
 Material Debt Instrument means any promissory note payable to, or in favor, of a Loan Party with an aggregate principal amount outstanding, in each case, of not less than 25,000,000. 
 
 Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the Initial Revolving Loans, the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any Swingline Loans, the Swingline Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Incremental Revolving Facility, the final maturity date set forth in the applicable Incremental Facility Agreement and (d) with respect to any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment, the final maturity date set forth in the applicable Extension Amendment. 
 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.19 . 
 
 Midco has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Minimum Extension Condition has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(b) . 
 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan which is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA, that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA, and in respect of which the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, makes or is obligated to make contributions or with respect to which any of them has any ongoing obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. 
 
 Narrative Report means, with respect to the financial statements with respect to which it is delivered, a management discussion and narrative report describing the operations of Holdings, each Borrower and each of their Restricted Subsidiaries for the applicable Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year and 
 54 

for the period from the beginning of the then-current Fiscal Year to the end of the period to which the relevant financial statements relate. 
 
 Net Interest Expense means for any period, as to the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period, as determined in accordance with GAAP, (i) the amount equal to cash interest expense paid or payable currently for such period, excluding (a) any fees and expenses associated with the Transactions and any annual agency fees, (b) any costs associated with obtaining, or breakage costs in respect of, Hedging Agreements, (c) any fees or expenses associated with any Dispositions, Permitted Acquisitions, Investments, equity issuances or debt issuances or other transactions (in each case, whether or not consummated) or (d) amortization of deferred financing costs, less (ii) any cash interest income for such period. 
 
 Net Orderly Liquidation Value means with respect to Eligible Inventory of any Person, the orderly liquidation value thereof, net of all costs and expenses reasonably estimated to be incurred in connection with such liquidation, as determined based upon the most recent Inventory appraisal conducted in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 Net Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense, in each case for the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 Net Proceeds means with respect to any issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness or Capital Stock, the Cash proceeds thereof, net of all Taxes and customary fees, commissions, costs, underwriting discounts and other fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. 
 
 New Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(f)(v). 
 
 NMTC Transactions means one or more transactions involving the disposition and or financing of Real Estate Assets owned by any Subsidiary of Holdings in the form of a new market tax credit financing or similar financing in an aggregate amount not to exceed 75,000,000. 
 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(b) . 
 
 Non-Debt Fund Affiliate means the Investors and any Affiliates of the Investors (other than Holdings, any Borrower and their respective subsidiaries, a natural person or any Affiliate thereof that is a Debt Fund Affiliate), and any direct or indirect parent of Holdings. 
 
 Non-Guarantor Subsidiary means any subsidiary of a Borrower that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 
 Notice of Intent to Cure has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.15(b) . 
 
 Obligations means, collectively, the US Obligations and European Obligations. 
 
 OFAC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.17(a) . 
 
 Organizational Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation, its certificate or articles of incorporation or organization and its by-laws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction), (b) with respect to any limited partnership, its certificate of limited partnership and its partnership agreement, (c) with respect to any general partnership, its partnership agreement, (d) with respect to any limited liability company, its articles of organization or association or certificate of formation, and its operating agreement or memorandum and 
 55 

articles of association (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction), and (e) with respect to any other form of entity, such other organizational documents required by local law or customary under such jurisdiction to document the formation and governance principles of such type of entity. In the event that any term or condition of this Agreement or any other Loan Document requires any Organizational Document to be certified by a secretary of state or similar governmental official, the reference to any such Organizational Document shall only be to a document of a type customarily certified by such governmental official. 
 
 Original Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals to this Agreement. 
 
 Other Agreed Adjustments means any add-backs and adjustments (including pro forma adjustments of the type in clause (b)(xi) of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA ), to the extent not otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the type reflected in any confidential information memorandum, lender presentations and other marketing materials in respect of the Initial Term Loans (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement), in each case, which add-backs and adjustments shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, be limited to the time periods or amounts in respect of which such add backs and adjustments were identified therein. 
 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Revolving Loan or Loan Document). 
 
 Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary Taxes or any intangible, recording, filing or other similar Taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, but not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment, grant of a participation, designation of a different lending office or other transfer (other than an assignment or designation of a different lending office made pursuant to Section 2.19 or Excluded Taxes. 
 
 Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans) on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Revolving Loans occurring on such date, (b) with respect to any Letters of Credit, the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letters of Credit after giving effect to any changes in the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letters of Credit or the issuance or expiry of any Letters of Credit, including as a result of any LC Disbursements and (c) with respect to any LC Disbursements on any date, the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the aggregate outstanding amount of such LC Disbursements on such date after giving effect to any disbursements with respect to any Letter of Credit occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the LC Disbursements as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by any Borrower of unreimbursed LC Disbursements. 
 
 Overadvance means a US Overadvance or a European Overadvance. 
 
 Parallel Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in Article 8. 
 
 56 

Parent Company means Holdings and any other Person of which the US Borrower is an indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary 
 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(c) . 
 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(c) . 
 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the legislation for the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
 
 Patent means the following (a) any and all patents and patent applications (b) all inventions described and claimed therein (c) all reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions and continuations in part thereof (d) all income, royalties, damages, claims, and payments now or hereafter due or payable under and with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages and payments for past, present and future infringements thereof (e) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements thereof and (f) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Payment Conditions means as to any transaction, (i) no Specified Default exists or would result from any such transaction, and (ii) Availability (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis) on the date of the proposed transaction and at all times during the 30-consecutive day period immediately preceding such transaction would be equal to or greater than (a) in the case of Restricted Payments, (x) if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis) is greater than or equal to 1.00 1.00, the greater of 15 of the Line Cap and 15.0 million and (y) if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis) is less than 1.00 1.00, the greater of 20 of the Line Cap and 20.0 million and (b) in the case of Investments, Restricted Debt Payments and any other similar transaction subject to Payment Conditions, (x) if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis) is greater than or equal to 1.00 1.00, the greater of 12.5 of the Line Cap and 12.5 million and (y) if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis) is less than 1.00 1.00, the greater of 17.5 of the Line Cap and 17.5 million. 
 
 Payment Recipient has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(a) . 
 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan , as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan), that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, which the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, maintains or contributes to or has an obligation to contribute to, or otherwise has any liability, contingent or otherwise. 
 
 Pensions Regulator means the body corporate called the Pensions Regulator established under Part 1 of the Pensions Act 2004 (UK). 
 
 Perfection Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E . 
 
 Perfection Certificate Supplement means a supplement to the Perfection Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F . 
 
 Perfection Requirements means the filing of appropriate financing statements with the office of the Secretary of State, UK Companies House, personal property registries or other appropriate office of the state of organization or incorporation of each Loan Party or location where such Loan Party 
 57 

has assets, the filing of appropriate security agreements or notices with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the U.S. Copyright Office and any other relevant national and supra-national intellectual property office or registry, and the delivery to the Administrative Agent of any stock certificate, promissory note or other instrument required to be delivered pursuant to the applicable Loan Documents, together with instruments of transfer executed in blank and entry into a Blocked Account Agreement with respect to each Blocked Account. 
 
 Performance Chemicals Agreement means that certain Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2021, by and between PQ Group Holdings, Inc. and Sparta Aggregator L.P., a partnership established by Koch Minerals & Trading, LLC and Cerberus Capital Management, L.P., as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in a manner not adverse, in any material respect, to the interests of the Lenders. 
 
 Performance Chemicals Sale means collectively the sale of PQ s performance chemicals business pursuant to the Performance Chemicals Agreement, as a result of which PQ LLC, together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries in the Performance Chemicals Business, will be sold. 
 
 Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR. 
 
 Permitted Acquisition means any acquisition by the Borrowers or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division of, any Person or of a majority of the outstanding Capital Stock of any Person (but in any event including any Investment in (x) any Restricted Subsidiary which serves to increase the Borrowers or any Restricted Subsidiary s respective equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (y) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing the Borrowers or their relevant Restricted Subsidiary s ownership interest in such joint venture) provided that 
 
 (a) no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) , (f) or (g) exists or would result after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition 
 
 (b) the total consideration paid by Persons that are Loan Parties for (i) the Capital Stock of any Person that does not become a Guarantor and (ii) in the case of an asset acquisition, assets that are not acquired by any Borrower or any Guarantor, when taken together with the total consideration for all such Persons and assets so acquired after the Closing Date, shall not exceed the sum of (A) (i) the greater of 160,000,000 and 4 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recent Test Period minus (ii) the aggregate amount of Investments in Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties made pursuant to Section 6.06(e)(ii), and (B) amounts otherwise available under clauses (q) , (r) , (x) and (bb) of Section 6.06 provided that the limitation described in this clause (b) shall not apply to any acquisition or, series of related acquisitions consummated substantially simultaneously, to the extent (x) such acquisition is made with the proceeds of sales of the Qualified Capital Stock of, or common equity capital contributions to, the Borrowers or any Restricted Subsidiary or (y) the Person so acquired (or the Person owning the assets so acquired) becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor even though such Person owns Capital Stock in Persons that are not otherwise required to become Subsidiary Guarantors, if, in the case of this clause (y) , not less than 65.0 of the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Person(s) acquired in such acquisition (for this purpose and for the component definitions used therein, determined on a consolidated basis for such Persons and their respective Restricted Subsidiaries) is generated by Person(s) that will become Subsidiary Guarantors (i.e., disregarding any Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA generated by Restricted Subsidiaries of such Subsidiary Guarantors that are not (or will not become) Subsidiary Guarantors) and 
 
 58 

(c) the Payment Conditions with respect to Investments have been satisfied on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 Permitted Discretion means the reasonable (from the perspective of a secured asset-based lender) credit judgment exercised in good faith in accordance with customary business practices of the Administrative Agent for comparable asset-based lending transactions. 
 
 Permitted Holders means (a) the Investors and (b) any Person with which one or more Investors form a group (within the meaning of Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act) so long as, in the case of this clause (b) , the relevant Investors beneficially own more than 50 of the relevant voting stock beneficially owned by the group. 
 
 Permitted Liens means Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02 . 
 
 Permitted Restructuring means the internal reorganization and restructuring transactions (together with related transactions) to facilitate the Performance Chemicals Sale in a tax efficient manner, as a result of which, among other things, (a) all catalyst and non-performance chemicals businesses of PQ were transferred to, and owned by, Ecovyst, (b) the catalyst and non-performance chemicals businesses, on the one hand, and performance chemicals business, on the other hand, held be subsidiaries of PQ were separated, (b) immediately prior to the Performance Chemicals Sale, (c) PQ was converted to a limited liability company and distributed Ecovyst to Holdings, (d) PQ s assets that were not be sold in the Performance Chemicals Sale were transferred to Ecovyst in accordance with the summary restructuring steps plan delivered to the Administrative Agent prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date and as more fully set forth in the Performance Chemicals Agreement, with such changes that are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, limited liability partnership, Governmental Authority or any other entity. 
 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA) maintained by a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any of its ERISA Affiliates, other than any Multiemployer Plan. 
 
 Platform has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d) . 
 
 PQ means PQ Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation. 
 
 Primary Obligor has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Guarantee . 
 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest per annum determined from time to time by Citi as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in New York City and notified to the Lead Borrower. The prime rate is a rate set by Citi based upon various factors including Citi s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such rate. 
 
 Priority Payable Reserve means, in each case other than items reflected in the VAT Tax Reserve with respect to the European Loan Parties, the total amount of liabilities at such time of the European Loan Parties which, by operation of law or contract rank (or are likely in an insolvency or bankruptcy of any European Loan Party to rank) senior to or pari passu with the liabilities of the European Loan Parties under the Loan Documents. 
 59 

Pro Forma Basis or pro forma effect means, as to any calculation of any financial ratio or test (including the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, the Net Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, Consolidated Total Assets or any component definitions of any of the foregoing), such financial ratio or test shall be calculated on a pro forma basis in accordance with Section 1.10 and shall give pro forma effect to any Specified Transactions (and if applicable, any Limited Condition Transaction) and other pro forma adjustments pursuant to Section 1.10 . 
 
 Promissory Note means a promissory note of the relevant Borrower payable to any Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit G , evidencing the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans of such Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Revolving Loans made by such Lender. 
 
 Protective Advance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(a) . 
 
 Public Company Costs means any Charge associated with, or in anticipation of, or preparation for, compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith and Charges relating to compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (and, in each case, similar Requirements of Law under other jurisdictions), as applicable to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public, the rules of national securities exchange companies with listed equity or debt securities, directors or managers compensation, fees and expense reimbursement, any Charge relating to investor relations, shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders or debtholders, directors and officers insurance and other executive costs, legal and other professional fees and listing fees. 
 
 Public Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d) . 
 
 Published LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Interest Period when used in reference to any Revolving Loan or Borrowing, 
 
 (a) in the case of any LIBO Rate Revolving Loan denominated in any currency other than Euros and Sterling, (1) the rate of interest per annum equal to the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited LIBOR Rate ICE LIBOR ), as published by Bloomberg (or another commercially available source providing quotations of ICE LIBOR as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) as the London interbank offered rate for deposits in the applicable currency for a term comparable to such Interest Period, at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the date which is two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (but if more than one rate is specified on such page, the rate will be an arithmetic average of all such rates) and (2) Dollars, subject to Section 2.14 , if such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the Published LIBO Rate for such Interest Period shall be the interest rate per annum reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith to be the rate per annum at which deposits in the applicable currency for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in immediately available funds in the approximate amount of the LIBO Rate Revolving Loan being made, continued or converted by the Administrative Agent and with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered to the Administrative Agent by major banks in the London or other offshore interbank market for the applicable currency at their request at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period provided that, with respect to any Interest Period for which there is no corresponding Published LIBO Rate as published by Bloomberg (or another commercially available source providing quotations of ICE LIBOR as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) , LIBO Rate shall be determined 
 60 

through the use of straight-line interpolation by reference to two such rates, one of which shall be determined as if the length of the period of such deposits were the period of time for which the rate for such deposits is available is the period next shorter than the length of such Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the period of time for which the rate for such deposits is available is the period next longer than the length of such Interest Period, as determined by the Administrative Agent 
 
 (b) in the case of any LIBO Rate Revolving Loan denominated in Euros, (1) the rate of interest per annum equal to the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited EURIBOR Rate ICE EURIBOR ), as published by Bloomberg (or another commercially available source providing quotations of ICE EURIBOR as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate for deposits in Euros for a term comparable to such Interest Period at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the date which is two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (but if more than one rate is specified on such page, the rate will be an arithmetic average of all such rates) and (2) subject to Section 2.14 , if such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the Published LIBO Rate for such Interest Period shall be the interest rate per annum reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith to be the rate per annum at which deposits in Euros for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in immediately available funds in the approximate amount of the LIBO Rate Revolving Loan being made, continued or converted by the Administrative Agent and with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered to the Administrative Agent by major banks in the London or other offshore interbank market for Euros at their request at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period provided that, with respect to any Interest Period for which there is no corresponding Published LIBO Rate as published by Bloomberg (or another commercially available source providing quotations of ICE LIBOR as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time), LIBO Rate shall be determined through the use of straight-line interpolation by reference to two such rates, one of which shall be determined as if the length of the period of such deposits were the period of time for which the rate for such deposits is available is the period next shorter than the length of such Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the period of time for which the rate for such deposits is available is the period next longer than the length of such Interest Period, as determined by the Administrative Agent and 
 
 (c) in the case of any LIBO Rate Revolving Loan denominated in Sterling, Daily Simple RFR 
 
 provided that in no event shall the Published LIBO Rate be less than zero. 
 
 Qualified Capital Stock of any Person means any Capital Stock of such Person that is not Disqualified Capital Stock. 
 
 Qualified Cash means the amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of the applicable Loan Parties at such time to the extent held in an account subject to a Blocked Account Agreement, in each case as to which the Loan Parties have no access without the Administrative Agent s consent (provided that the Administrative Agent shall grant such consent so long as (x) no Default or Event of Default exists at the time of, or after giving effect to, such withdrawal and (y) the applicable Borrower has delivered an updated Borrowing Base Certificate to the Administrative Agent demonstrating that the Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure does not exceed the US Line Cap and the Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure does not exceed the European Line Cap, in each case, after giving effect to such withdrawal) and maintained either (1) with the Administrative Agent or (2) with another depositary, subject to a control agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent and in compliance with Section 5.16 . 
 61 

Qualified Public Company mean (a) any Person who has issued or sold its common Capital Stock in an underwritten primary public offering (other than a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed with the SEC in accordance with the Securities Act (whether alone or in connection with a secondary public offering) so long as (i) its market capitalization was at the time of its initial public offering, or at any subsequent time of determination, is at least 250,000,000 and (ii) no Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act (but excluding (A) any employee benefit plan and or Person acting as the trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator therefor, (B) one or more Permitted Holders and (C) any group directly or indirectly controlled by one or more Permitted Holders) owns of Capital Stock representing more than 40 of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock such Person, and (b) any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of such Person. 
 
 Real Estate Asset means, at any time of determination, all right, title and interest (fee, leasehold or otherwise) of any Loan Party in and to real property (including, but not limited to, land, improvements and fixtures thereon). 
 
 Recipient has the meaning in Section 2.17(j)(ii). 
 
 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes Indenture means the Indenture for the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes, dated as of December 11, 2017, among PQ, the guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. 
 
 2025 Senior Unsecured Note Documents means the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes Indenture under which the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes are issued and all other instruments, agreements and other documents evidencing the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes or providing for any Guarantee or other right in respect thereof. 
 
 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes means the senior unsecured notes due 2025 in the aggregate principal amount of 300,000,000, and the Guarantees thereof, in each case together with any amendment, modification, supplement, restatement, amendment and restatement, extension, renewal, refinancing, refunding or replacement thereof to the extent permitted or not restricted by this Agreement. 
 
 Refinancing Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(p) . 
 
 Refunding Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(ix) . 
 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(b) . 
 
 Regulation D means Regulation D of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 
 Regulation H means Regulation H of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 62 

Related Funds means, with respect to any Lender that is an Approved Fund, any other Approved Fund that is managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor. 
 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, managers, officers, trustees, employees, partners, agents, advisors and other representatives of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 
 Release means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, injection, escaping, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of any Hazardous Material into the Environment, including the movement of any Hazardous Material through the air, soil, surface water or groundwater. 
 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (a) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of U.S. Dollars, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto and (b) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of any currency other than U.S. Dollars, (1) the central bank for the currency in which such amounts are denominated hereunder or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (2) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for the currency in which such amounts are denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (i) such Benchmark Replacement or (ii) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors. 
 
 Rent and Charges Reserve means the aggregate of (a) all past due amounts due and owing by a Loan Party to any landlord, warehouseman, processor, repairman, mechanic, shipper, freight forwarder, broker or other Person who possesses any Eligible Inventory and could legally assert a Lien on any Eligible Inventory and (b) an amount equal to up to three months rent for all of the Loan Parties leased locations or the amount that may be payable for up to three months to any third party warehouse or other storage facilities where Eligible Inventory is located, in each case, other than (x) any such location with respect to which the Administrative Agent shall have received a Collateral Access Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being understood that upon receipt of any such Collateral Access Agreement with respect to such location any Rent and Charges Reserve shall be immediately released), (y) any amounts being disputed in good faith and (z) any such location where Eligible Inventory not in excess of 2,000,000 is located. 
 
 Representative has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13 . 
 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposure or unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposure and such unused commitments at such time provided that the Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarding in the determination of the Required Lenders at any time. 
 
 Required Minimum Balance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.16(b) . 
 
 Requirements of Law means, with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all U.S. federal, state, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees 
 63 

(including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 
 Responsible Officer of any Person means the chief executive officer, the president, a statutory director, the chief financial officer, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, any executive vice president, any senior vice president, any vice president or the chief operating officer of such Person and any other individual or similar official thereof responsible for the administration of the obligations of such Person in respect of this Agreement, and, as to any document delivered on the Closing Date, shall include a statutory director, any secretary or assistant secretary or any other individual or similar official thereof with substantially equivalent responsibilities of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or responsible employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or, in relation to a Dutch Loan Party, one or more managing directors authorized to represent such Loan Party or any other authorized signatory. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party, and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 
 Responsible Officer Certification means, with respect to the financial statements for which such certification is required, the certification of a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, the consolidated financial condition of the Lead Borrower as at the dates indicated and its consolidated income and cash flows for the periods indicated, subject to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments. 
 
 Restatement Effective Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the Third Amendment. 
 
 Restatement Effective Date Refinancing means, on the Restatement Effective Date, (a) the repayment of all outstanding Indebtedness under the Existing Term Loan Credit Agreement and the release of the liens and security interests granted in connection therewith, (b) the redemption, discharge or deposit with the trustee for the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes of amounts sufficient to effect such redemption or discharge of all outstanding Indebtedness under the 2025 Senior Unsecured Note Indenture and the release of the liens and security interests granted in connection therewith and (c) in each case, the payment of related call premiums, fees and expenses. 
 
 Restricted Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(b) . 
 
 Restricted Debt Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(b) . 
 
 Restricted Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution on account of any shares of any class of the Capital Stock of any Borrower, except a dividend payable solely in shares of Qualified Capital Stock to the holders of such class (b) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value of any shares of any class of the Capital Stock of any Borrower and (c) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of the Capital Stock of any Borrower now or hereafter outstanding. 
 64 

Restricted Subsidiary means, as to any Person, any subsidiary of such Person that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unless otherwise specified, Restricted Subsidiary shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower. 
 
 Retention of Title Reserve sums payable or which may become payable to suppliers of any of the European Loan Parties pursuant to retention of title rights under applicable law or arising by contract or in respect of royalties, intellectual property and other licence fees to enable the European Loan Parties to hold, deal with or sell Inventory. 
 
 Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Revolving Loan, each of the following (i) the date of the Borrowing of such Revolving Loan, (ii) each date of any continuation of such Revolving Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, (iii) the date of delivery of the Borrowing Base Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(l) (without giving effect to the proviso thereto) and (iv) the date of any voluntary reduction of the related Commitment pursuant to Section 2.09(c) (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following (i) the date of on which such Letter of Credit is issued, (ii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof and (iii) the date of delivery of the Borrowing Base Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(l) (without giving effect to the proviso thereto) and (c) any additional date as the Administrative Agent or the relevant Issuing Bank, as applicable, may determine or the Required Lenders may require at any time. 
 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure, at such time. 
 
 Revolving Facility means the Initial Revolving Facility, any Incremental Revolving Facility and or any Extended Revolving Facility. 
 
 Revolving Loans means the Initial Revolving Loans, any Swingline Loan and the Additional Revolving Loans. 
 
 RFR means, for any Obligations consisting of any interest, fees or other amounts denominated in Sterling, SONIA. 
 
 RFR Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London. 
 
 RFR Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SONIA, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Alternate Base Rate , Central Bank Rate , Central Bank Rate Adjustment , Central Bank Rate Spread , Daily Simple RFR , RFR , RFR Business Day , RFR Interest Day , RFR Lookback Date , SONIA , Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definition of Business Day , RFR Business Day , RFR Interest Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) that the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower reasonably agree may be appropriate, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for Sterling (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for Sterling exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower reasonably 
 65 

agree is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 
 RFR Interest Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 
 
 RFR Interest Payment means, in respect of any interest payment date in relation to an RFR Loan, the aggregate amount of interest that is, or is scheduled to become, payable under Section 2.08. 
 
 RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple RFR. 
 
 RFR Lookback Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 
 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 
 Sale and Lease-Back Transaction means the lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed), whether now owned or hereafter acquired, which any Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary (a) has sold or transferred or is to sell or to transfer to any other Person (other than a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) and (b) intends to use for substantially the samepurpose as the property which has been or is to be sold or transferred by such Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary to any Person (other than a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) in connection with such lease. 
 
 Sanctions has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.17(a) . 
 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of its functions. 
 
 Second Amendment shall mean the Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, among the US Borrower and Citibank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Secured Banking Services Obligations means the US Secured Banking Services Obligations and the European Secured Banking Services Obligations. 
 
 Secured Hedging Obligations means European Secured Hedging Obligations and US Secured Hedging Obligations. 
 
 Secured Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Secured Debt to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case for the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 Secured Obligations means all Obligations, together with (a) all Secured Banking Services Obligations and (b) all Secured Hedging Obligations. 
 
 Secured Parties means (a) the Lenders, (b) the Issuing Banks, (c) the Administrative Agent, (d) each counterparty to a Hedge Agreement with a Loan Party the obligations under which constitute Secured Hedging Obligations, (e) each provider of Banking Services to any Loan Party the obligations under which constitute Banking Services Obligations, (f) the Arrangers and (g) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 66 

Securities means any stock, shares, units, partnership interests, voting trust certificates, certificates of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement or arrangement, options, warrants, bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in temporary or interim certificates for the purchase or acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing provided that Securities shall not include any earn-out agreement or obligation or any employee bonus or other incentive compensation plan or agreement. 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Security Agreement means the US Security Agreement. 
 
 SOFR with respect to any day means means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website as administered by the SOFR Administrator . 
 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 
 SOFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Revolving Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 
 SOFR Revolving Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (b) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate . 
 
 SONIA means, with respect to any RFR Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such RFR Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website. 
 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 
 SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 
 
 SPC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(e) . 
 
 Special Dividend has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(xvii) . 
 
 Specified Lease Transactions means lease and lease-back and sale and lease-back transactions consummated by any Loan Party and one or more governmental units in connection with arrangements pursuant to applicable state or local law by which a Loan Party obtains partial or full abatement of ad valorem taxes levied against the subject property, including, without limitation, those transactions described on Schedule 1.01(c). 
 
 67 

Specified Default means any Event of Default arising under Section 6.15 , Section 7.01(a) , Section 7.01(d) (with respect to any material misrepresentation in any Borrowing Base Certificate), Section 7.01(e)(i) , Section 7.01(e)(ii) , Section 7.01(f) or Section 7.01(g) . 
 
 Specified Transaction means (a) (i) any incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness (excluding any borrowings under this Agreement or Additional Revolving Facility (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement) incurred substantially concurrently with such Specified Transaction), and (ii) any prepayment, redemptions, repurchases and other retirements of any Indebtedness (in the case of any Additional Revolving Facility (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement), to the extent accompanied by a permanent reduction in the commitments thereunder), (b) to the extent applicable in determining the First Lien Leverage Ratio or the Secured Leverage Ratio, the incurrence of any Lien on Collateral, (c) any Permitted Acquisition and any Investment that results in a Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, (d) any Restricted Payment, (e) any Restricted Debt Payment, (f) any Disposition, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of (i) all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division or product line of, the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary that results in such Restricted Subsidiary no longer being a Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower, or (iii) any asset pursuant to Section 6.07(h) having a Fair Market Value greater than 50,000,000, (g) to the extent elected by the Lead Borrower to be excluded in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, any designation of operations or assets of the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary as discontinued operations in accordance with GAAP, (h) solely for the purposes of determining the applicable amount of Cash and Cash Equivalents, any contribution of capital to (and the Net Proceeds from the issuance of any Qualified Capital Stock by) the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, (i) any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary in compliance with this Agreement, and (j) any other transaction that by the terms of this Agreement requires a financial ratio to be calculated on Pro Forma Basis or after giving pro forma effect thereto. 
 
 Sponsor means CCMP Capital Advisors, LP and any of its controlled Affiliates and funds managed or advised by any of them or any of their respective controlled Affiliates. 
 
 Spot Rate means, on any date of determination, the exchange rate, as determined by the Administrative Agent, that is applicable to conversion of one currency into another currency, which is (a) the exchange rate reported by Bloomberg (or other commercially available source designated by the Administrative Agent) as of the end of the preceding Business Day in the financial market for the first currency or (b) if such report is unavailable for any reason, the spot rate for the purchase of the first currency with the second currency as in effect during the preceding Business Day in Administrative Agent's principal foreign exchange trading office for the first currency. 
 
 Stated Amount means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, at any time, the maximum amount available to be drawn thereunder, in each case determined (x) as if any future automatic increases in the maximum available amount provided for in any such Letter of Credit had in fact occurred at such time and (y) without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could then be met but after giving effect to all previous drawings made thereunder. 
 
 Sterling and mean the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 
 Subject Party has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(j)(ii) 
 
 Subject Person has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Consolidated Net Income . 
 
 68 

Subject Transaction means, with respect to any Test Period, (a) the Transactions, (b) any Permitted Acquisition or any other acquisition, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division of, any Person or any facility, or of a majority of the outstanding Capital Stock of any Person (including any Investment in a subsidiary which serves to increase any Borrower s or any subsidiary s respective equity ownership in such subsidiary or any acquisition or Investment in any joint venture for the purpose of purchasing any or all of the interests of any joint venture partner), in each case permitted by this Agreement, (c) any Disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or Capital Stock of a subsidiary (or any business unit, line of business or division of any Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) not prohibited by this Agreement, (d) the designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 5.10 hereof, (e) the incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, (f) the implementation of any Cost Savings Initiative and or or (g) any other event that by the terms of the Loan Documents requires pro forma compliance with a test or covenant hereunder or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a pro forma basis. 
 
 Subject Transaction Date means the date a Subject Transaction is consummated. 
 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness among Holdings and or its subsidiaries) of a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations. 
 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or other business entity of which more than 50 of the total voting power of stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Person or Persons (whether directors, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof provided that in determining the percentage of ownership interests of any Person controlled by another Person, no ownership interests in the nature of a qualifying share of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding. Unless otherwise specified, subsidiary shall mean any subsidiary of any Borrower. 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means (x) on the Closing Date, each Restricted Subsidiary of each Borrower (other than any subsidiary that is an Excluded Subsidiary or any subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary) and (y) thereafter, each subsidiary of each Borrower that guarantees the Secured Obligations pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including each Restricted Subsidiary that is a Discretionary Guarantor), in each case, until such time as the relevant subsidiary is released from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. 
 
 Supplier has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(j)(ii). 
 
 Swap Obligations means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 Swingline Exposure shall mean at any time the aggregate principal amount at such time of all outstanding Swingline Loans. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall equal its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 
 Swingline Lender shall mean Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder or any replacement or successor thereto. 
 
 69 

Swingline Loans shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.01(e) . 
 
 Swingline Maturity Date shall mean, with respect to any Swingline Loan, the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date. 
 
 Swingline Sublimit shall mean 20,000,000. The Swingline Sublimit is part of and not in addition to the Commitments. 
 
 TARGET2 Day shall mean any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) payment system (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euros. 
 
 Tax and Trust Funds has the meaning specified in the definition of Excluded Asset . 
 
 Tax Group has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(vi) . 
 
 Taxes means any and all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges in the nature of a tax imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Termination Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the lead-in to Article 5 . 
 
 Term Loan Administrative Agent means Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Term Loan Facility Documentation, or any successor administrative agent and collateral agent under the Term Loan Facility Documentation. 
 
 Term Loan Collateral means Pari Passu Collateral as defined in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement means that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2021, by and among Holdings, the US Borrower, the lenders party thereto in their capacities as lenders thereunder and the Term Loan Administrative Agent and the other agents party thereto and any amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements or modifications thereof. 
 
 Term Loan Facility means the credit facility governed by the Term Loan Credit Agreement and any Refinancing Indebtedness that refinance or replaces any part of the loans, notes, guarantees, other credit facilities or commitments thereunder. 
 
 Term Loan Facility Documentation means the Term Loan Facility and all related notes, collateral documents, letters of credit and guarantees, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith, and any appendices, exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing (as the same may be in effect from time to time). 
 
 Term Loans shall mean the term loans under the Term Loan Facility. 
 
 Term SOFR means, 
 
 (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Revolving Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic 
 70 

Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 
 
 (b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Revolving Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR SOFR Determination Day. 
 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.10 per annum 
 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable corresponding tenor, Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body . 
 
 Test Period means, as of any date, subject to Section 1.10 , the period of four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters then most recently ended for which financial statements under Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) , as applicable, have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered) it being understood and agreed that prior to the first delivery of financial statements of Section 5.01(a) , Test Period means the period of four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters in respect of which financial statements were delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(c) . 
 
 Third Amendment shall mean the Third Amendment Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2021, among the Borrowers, Holdings, each Guarantor and Citibank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent (on behalf of itself, on behalf of all Amendment Date Consenting Lenders (as defined therein) and on behalf of all Restatement Date Consenting Lenders (as defined therein)). 
 
 Third Amendment Effective Date shall mean June 9, 2021. 
 
 Threshold Amount means 75,000,000. 
 
 Total Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Total Debt to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case for the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 71 

Total Revolving Credit Exposure means at any time, the sum of the Initial Revolving Credit Exposure and the Additional Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 
 Trademark means the following (a) all trademarks (including service marks), common law marks, trade names, trade dress, domain names and logos, slogans and other indicia of origin under the laws of any jurisdiction in the world, and the registrations and applications for registration thereof and the goodwill of the business connected to the use of and symbolized by the foregoing (b) all renewals of the foregoing (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages, claims and payments for past, present and future infringements or dilutions thereof (d) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements or dilutions of any of the foregoing, including the right to settle suits involving claims and demands for royalties owing and (e) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 
 
 tranche has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a) . 
 
 Transaction Costs means (a) fees, premiums, penalties, breakage costs, interest expense to satisfy and discharge any securities with a redemption date after the Third Amendment Effective Date, expenses and other transaction costs (including original issue discount or upfront fees) payable or otherwise borne by Holdings, any Borrower and its subsidiaries or any Parent Company of any Borrower in connection with the Transactions and the transactions contemplated thereby and (b) any payments to be made after the Third Amendment Effective Date from the proceeds of the Loans (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement), Indebtedness under this Agreement, cash on hand of Holdings, any Borrower and its subsidiaries or any Parent Company of any Borrower. 
 
 Transactions means, collectively, (a) the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of the Third Amendment Agreement and the Loan Documents to which they are a party, (b) the Restatement Effective Date Refinancing, and (c) the payment of the Transaction Costs. 
 
 Treasury Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(ix) . 
 
 Treasury Regulations means the U.S. federal income tax regulations promulgated under the Code. 
 Treaty has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Treaty State . 
 
 Treaty State means a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement (a Treaty with the United Kingdom which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed by the United Kingdom on interest. 
 Trust Fund Account means any account containing Cash and Cash Equivalents consisting solely of Tax and Trust Funds. 
 
 Trust Fund Certificate means a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower certifying (a) the type and amount of any Tax and Trust Funds contained or held in a Blocked Account, and (b) that (x) the obligation requiring such Tax and Trust Funds is due and payable within 15 Business Days of delivery of such certificate and (y) amounts on deposit in any applicable Trust Fund Account are insufficient to make such payment. 
 
 Type , when used in reference to any Revolving Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Revolving Loan, or on the Revolving Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate , Adjusted Term SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 
 72 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or any other state the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the creation or perfection of security interests. 
 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means any subsidiary of any Borrower designated by the Lead Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 5.10 or after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.10 . 
 
 U.S. means the United States of America. 
 
 UK Borrower means a Borrower which is incorporated or established under the laws of England and Wales. 
 
 UK Borrower DTTP Filing means an HM Revenue & Customs Form DTTP2 duly completed and filed by the relevant UK Borrower which 
 
 (a) where it relates to a UK Treaty Lender that is a Lender on the day this Agreement is entered into, contains the scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence stated opposite such Lender s name in Schedule 1.01(a) and 
 
 (i) where the UK Borrower is a Borrower on the day this Agreement is entered into, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within thirty (30) days of the date of this Agreement or 
 
 (ii) where such UK Borrower is not a Borrower on the day this Agreement is entered into, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within thirty (30) days of the date on which that Person becomes a Borrower and 
 
 (b) where it relates to a UK Treaty Lender that is not a party to this Agreement on the date on which this Agreement is entered into, contains the scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence stated in respect of that Lender in the relevant Assignment and Assumption or as otherwise notified to the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the UK Borrower in writing within fifteen (15) days of the relevant UK Treaty Lender becoming a party to this Agreement and 
 
 (i) where the UK Borrower is a Borrower as at the relevant transfer date, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within thirty (30) days of that date or 
 
 (ii) where the UK Borrower is not a Borrower as at the relevant transfer date, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within thirty (30) days of the date on which that UK Borrower becomes a Borrower. 
 UK CTA means the Corporation Tax Act 2009 of the United Kingdom. 
 
 UK DB Plan means the Ballotini Pension and Life Assurance Scheme . 
 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 73 

UK ITA means the Income Tax Act 2007 of the United Kingdom. 
 
 UK Loan Party means each Loan Party incorporated or established under the laws of England and Wales. 
 
 UK Non-Bank Lender means (a) where a Lender becomes a party to this Agreement on the day on which this the Agreement is entered into, a Lender listed as a UK Non-Bank Lender in Schedule 1.01(a) and (b) where a Lender becomes a party to this Agreement after the date on which this Agreement is entered into, a Lender which gives a UK Tax Confirmation in the Assignment and Assumption which it executes on becoming a party to this Agreement or as otherwise notified to the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the UK Borrower in writing within fifteen (15) days of the relevant Lender becoming a party to this Agreement. 
 
 UK Qualifying Lender means each Lender which makes a Loan to a UK Borrower and that is 
 
 (a) a Lender which is beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance under a Loan Document and is 
 
 (i) a Lender 
 
 (1) which is a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the UK ITA) making an advance under a Loan Document and is within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance or would be within such charge as respects such payment apart from section 18A of the UK CTA or 
 
 (2) in respect of an advance made under a Loan Document by a Person that was a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the UK ITA) at the time that that advance was made and within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance or 
 
 (ii) a Lender which is 
 
 (1) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes 
 
 (2) a partnership each member of which is 
 
 (A) a company so resident in the United Kingdom or 
 
 (B) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the UK CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the UK CTA or 
 
 (C) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the UK CTA) of that company or 
 
 (iii) a UK Treaty Lender or 
 
 74 

(b) a Lender which is a building society (as defined for the purposes of section 880 of the UK ITA) making an advance under a Loan Document. 
 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 UK Tax Confirmation means a confirmation by a Lender that the Person beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance under a Loan Document is either 
 
 (a) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes 
 
 (b) a partnership each member of which is 
 
 (i) a company so resident in the United Kingdom or 
 
 (ii) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the UK CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the UK CTA or 
 
 (c) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the UK CTA) of that company. 
 
 UK Tax Deduction means a deduction or withholding for, or on account of, Tax imposed by the United Kingdom from a payment under a Loan Document. 
 
 UK Treaty Lender means a Lender which 
 
 (a) is treated as a resident of a Treaty State for the purposes of the relevant Treaty 
 
 (b) does not carry on a business in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment with which that Lender s participation in the loan is effectively connected and 
 
 (c) fulfills any conditions which must be satisfied under the relevant Treaty by residents of that Treaty State to obtain full exemption from Tax imposed on interest by the United Kingdom, subject to the completion of any necessary procedural formalities. 
 
 US Availability means as of any applicable date, the amount by which the US Line Cap exceeds the Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure, in each case at such time. 
 
 US Banking Services Obligations means Banking Services Obligations of a US Loan Party that are not Banking Services Obligations as defined in the Term Loan Agreement (or any equivalent term under the Term Facility). 
 
 US Borrower has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto 

75 

US Borrowing Base means the sum, in Dollars, of the following as set forth in the most recently delivered US Borrowing Base Certificate 
 
 (a) 85 of the US Loan Parties Eligible Accounts plus 
 
 (b) the lesser of (i) 85 of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value or (ii) 70 of the book value of the US Loan Parties Eligible Inventory (calculated at the lower of cost or market value) plus 
 
 (c) 100 of Qualified Cash of the US Loan Parties provided that the sum of all Qualified Cash of all Loan Parties included in the US Borrowing Base and the European Borrowing Base may not exceed 25,000,000 in the aggregate minus 
 
 (d) any Availability Reserve established in connection with the foregoing. 
 
 In connection with any Subject Transaction, the US Borrower may submit a US Borrowing Base Certificate reflecting a calculation of the US Borrowing Base that includes Eligible Accounts and Eligible Inventory (otherwise satisfying the criteria in respect thereof, contained in such definition) acquired by US Loan Parties in connection with such Subject Transaction (the Acquired US Eligible Accounts and the Acquired US Eligible Inventory , respectively) and, from and after the Subject Transaction Date, the US Borrowing Base hereunder shall be calculated giving effect thereto provided that prior to the completion of a field examination and inventory appraisal with respect to such Acquired US Eligible Accounts and Acquired US Eligible Inventory, such adjustment to the US Borrowing Base shall only be available if a customary desktop audit with respect to such assets reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion has been completed and shall be limited to (i) from the Subject Transaction Date until the date that is 91 days after the Subject Transaction Date, the aggregate amount of Acquired US Eligible Accounts and Acquired US Eligible Inventory included in the US Borrowing Base prior to the completion of a field examination and inventory appraisal with respect thereto, shall not exceed 10 of the US Borrowing Base (calculated after giving effect to the inclusion (up to such 10 cap) of the Acquired US Eligible Accounts and Acquired US Eligible Inventory as to which a field examination and inventory appraisal has not been performed). From the 91st day following the Subject Transaction Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree), the US Borrowing Base shall be calculated without reference to the Acquired US Eligible Accounts and the Acquired US Eligible Inventory until a field examination and inventory appraisal has been completed with respect to such assets it being understood and agreed that (x) there shall be no Default or Event of Default solely as a result of a failure to complete and deliver such inventory appraisal and field examination on or prior to the dates indicated above and (y) the performance of such inventory appraisal and field examination on the Acquired US Eligible Accounts and the Acquired US Eligible Inventory shall not count toward the limitations on the number of inventory appraisals and field examinations contained in Section 5.06(b) . 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, from the Closing Date until the date on which the initial US Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered in accordance with Section 5.01(l), the US Borrowing Base shall be deemed to be 125,000,000 provided that if a US Borrowing Base Certificate has not been delivered on or prior to (i) May 25, 2016, the US Borrowing Base shall be deemed to be 100,000,000 as of such date or (ii) June 25, 2016, the US Borrowing Base shall be deemed to be 0 as of such date. 
 
 US Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower, in substantially the form of Exhibit N, as such form, subject to the terms hereof, may from time to time be modified as agreed by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent or such other form which is acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 76 

US Collateral means any and all property of any US Loan Party subject to a Lien under any Collateral Document and any and all other property of any US Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that is or becomes subject to a Lien pursuant to any Collateral Document, in each case, to secure the US Secured Obligations. 
 
 US Concentration Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.16(a) . 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 
 US Hedge Product Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of US Secured Hedging Obligations. 
 
 US LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(j) . 
 
 US LC Exposure means at any time, the sum of (a) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding US Letters of Credit at such time and (b) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of all LC Disbursements with respect to US Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed at such time. The US LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall equal its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate US LC Exposure at such time. 
 
 US Letters of Credit has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(a)(i)(A) . 
 
 US Letter of Credit Sublimit means 50,000,000, subject to increase in accordance with Section 2.22 . 
 
 US Line Cap means at any time, the lesser of (i) the aggregate Initial US Commitment and (ii) the then-applicable US Borrowing Base. 
 
 US Loan Guaranty means the US Loan Guaranty Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit I , executed by each US Loan Party party thereto and the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 
 US Loan Party means any Loan Party that is incorporated or organized under the laws of the US, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 
 US Lockbox has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.16(a) . 
 
 US Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest (including interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on the Initial US Revolving Loans, all Swingline Loans, all US Overadvances, all US Protective Advances, all US LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and all other advances to, debts, liabilities and obligations of the US Loan Parties to the Lenders or to any Lender, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents in respect of any Revolving Loan, Overadvance, Protective Advance or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute, contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising. 
 
 77 

US Overadvance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.04(a) . 
 
 US Protective Advance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(a) . 
 
 US Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure or unused Initial US Revolving Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure and such unused Initial US Revolving Commitments at such time provided that the Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Initial US Revolving Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarding in the determination of the US Required Lenders at any time. 
 
 US Secured Hedging Obligations means all Hedging Obligations (other than any Excluded Swap Obligations) of any US Loan Party under each Hedge Agreement that (a) is in effect on the Closing Date between any US Loan Party and a counterparty that is the Administrative Agent, a Lender, an Arranger or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Arranger as of the Closing Date or (b) is entered into after the Closing Date between any US Loan Party and any counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Arranger at the time such Hedge Agreement is entered into, for which such US Loan Party agrees to provide security and in each case that has been designated to the Administrative Agent in writing by the US Borrower as being a US Secured Hedging Obligation for purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood that each counterparty thereto shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its agent under the applicable Loan Documents and (B) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article 8 , Section 9.03 and Section 9.10 as if it were a Lender provided that for any such US Secured Hedging Obligations to constitute Designated Hedging Obligations, the applicable US Loan Party must have provided written notice to the Administrative Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit O notifying the Administrative Agent of (i) the existence of the applicable Hedge Agreement and (ii) the maximum amount of obligations of the applicable US Loan Party that may arise thereunder (the US Hedge Product Amount ). The US Hedge Product Amount may be changed from time to time upon written notice to the Administrative Agent by the applicable Secured Party and US Loan Party. No US Hedge Product Amount may be established or increased at any time that a Default or Event of Default exists, or if a reserve in such amount would cause an Overadvance. 
 
 US Secured Obligations means all Secured Obligations of the US Loan Parties. 
 
 US Security Agreement means the ABL Pledge and Security Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit J , among the US Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 US Successor Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.07(a) . 
 
 US Super Majority Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Initial US Revolving Commitments representing more than 66-2 3 of the sum of the aggregate Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure and such unused Initial US Revolving Commitments of all Lenders at such time provided that the Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Initial US Revolving Commitment of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of the US Super Majority Lenders at any time. 
 
 USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 
 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f) . 
 78 

VAT means (a) any tax imposed in compliance with the Council Directive of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax as amended (EC Directive 2006 112) and (b) any other Tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in a member state of the European Union in substitution for, or levied in addition to, such tax referred to in clause (a) above, or imposed elsewhere. 
 
 VAT Tax Reserve means an amount determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion from time to time representing an estimate of potential prior or pari passu ranking capital gains tax, value added tax and or any other taxes and the costs of any administration or winding-up. 
 
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of any Person means a subsidiary of such Person, 100 of the Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares or shares required by law to be owned by a resident of the relevant jurisdiction) shall be owned by such Person or by one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 
 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 
 Section 1.02 Classification of Revolving Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Revolving Loans may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , an Initial Revolving Loan or Initial US Revolving Loan or by Type e.g. , a LIBO Rate Revolving Loan or by Class and Type e.g. , a LIBO Rate Initial US Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , an Initial US Revolving Borrowing or by Type e.g. , a LIBO Rate Borrowing or by Class and Type e.g. , a LIBO Rate Initial US Revolving Borrowing ). 
 
 Section 1.03 Terms Generally. 
 . 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. 
 
 (b) The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . 
 
 (c) Unless the context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein or in any Loan Document (or any Loan Document (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement)) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or extended, replaced or refinanced (subject to any restrictions or qualifications on such amendments, restatements, amendment and restatements, supplements or modifications or extensions, replacements or refinancings set forth herein), (ii) any reference to any law in any Loan Document shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such law, (iii) any reference herein or in any Loan Document to 
 79 

any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and permitted assigns, (iv) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (v) all references herein or in any Loan Document to Articles, Sections, clauses, paragraphs, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles, Sections, clauses and paragraphs of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, such Loan Document, (vi) in the computation of periods of time in any Loan Document from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including , the words to and until mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including and (vii) the words asset and property , when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including Cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything else provided herein or in any other Loan Document, any interest, fee or principal payments on any Indebtedness due and payable (or paid) as of the last Business Day of a calendar month, calendar quarter or calendar year, as applicable, shall be deemed to have been due and payable (or paid) as of the end of the respective fiscal month, Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year, as applicable, ended closest to such calendar period for purposes of all calculations of Consolidated Secured Debt, Consolidated First Lien Debt, Consolidated Total Debt and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA hereunder. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any Default or Event of Default, other than any Event of Default which cannot be waived without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, shall be deemed not to be continuing or to exist if the events, actions, inactions or conditions that gave rise to such Default or Event of Default have been or are deemed to have been remedied or cured (including by payment, delivering notice or taking any action (including if paid, delivered or taken after the specified time for such action or after the expiration of any grace or cure periods therefor), omitting to take any action or unwinding or modifying any prior action or event to the extent necessary for such action or event to be or have been permitted) or have ceased to exist and the Lead Borrower would otherwise have been in compliance with this Agreement but for such Default or Event of Default and the consequences thereof (any such Default or Event of Default, a Subject Default and upon any Subject Default having been cured, remedied or waived or deemed to no longer to exist or be continuing or to have been remedied or cured, each other Default or Event of Default that may have resulted from the making or deemed making of any representation or warranty, the taking of any action or the consummation of any transaction due to the continuation or existence of the Subject Default shall automatically be deemed to have been cured and no longer continuing provided , that the foregoing shall not be applicable with respect to any Default or Event of Default if a responsible officer of the Lead Borrower had actual knowledge that such events, actions, inactions or conditions constituted a Default or Event of Default and knowingly failed to give timely notice to the Administrative Agent of such Default or Event of Default required herein 
 
 Section 1.04 Accounting Terms GAAP. 
 
 (a) All financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature that are used in calculating the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time (except as otherwise provided in the definition of GAAP provided , that (i) if the Lead Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Lead Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date of delivery of the financial statements described in Section 3.04(a) in GAAP or in the application thereof (including the conversion to IFRS as described below) on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Lead Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such 
 80 

purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change becomes or became effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith, and (ii) if such an amendment is requested by the Lead Borrower or the Required Lenders, then the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall negotiate in good faith to enter into an amendment of the relevant affected provisions (without the payment of any a mendment or similar fee to the Lenders) to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP or the application thereof. All terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to (i) any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Lead Borrower or any subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. If the Lead Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Lead Borrower (or its applicable Parent Company) is required to report under IFRS or has elected to do so through an early adoption policy, thereafter GAAP shall mean international financial reporting standards pursuant to IFRS provided that after such conversion, the Lead Borrower cannot elect to report under GAAP). 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, solely for purposes of determining the amount any Capital Lease, Consolidated Interest Expense, Consolidated Total Debt and Indebtedness, GAAP shall exclude the accounting treatment requiring all leases to be reflected as liabilities on the balance sheet and capitalized, and only those leases that would constitute Capital Leases in conformity with GAAP prior to the implementation of such accounting treatment shall be considered Capital Leases, and all calculations and determinations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made in a manner consistent therewith. 
 
 Section 1.05 Effectuation of Transactions. Each of the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement (and all corresponding definitions) is made after giving effect to the Transactions, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 
 Section 1.06 Timing of Payment of Performance . Subject to the definitions of Interest Payment Date and Interest Period, when payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other than as described in the definition of Interest Period or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. 
 
 Section 1.07 Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to New York City time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 
 Section 1.08 Currency Generally. 
 
 (a) Subject to clause (b) of this Section 1.08 , for purposes of any determination hereunder (other than the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio) with respect to any Specified Transaction, any other transaction or utilization or other measurement or calculation of any transaction or action in a currency other than Dollars, (i) the Dollar equivalent amount of such Specified Transaction, any other transaction or utilization or other measurement or calculation of any transaction or action shall be calculated based on a currency exchange rate determined by the Lead Borrower in good faith in effect 
 81 

on the date of such applicable transaction, utilization, measurement or calculation (or such other date as the Lead Borrower determines in good faith is the appropriate calculation date, including, at the election of the Lead Borrower, the applicable LCT Test Date for a Limited Condition Transaction) provided , that in the case of the incurrence of Indebtedness under any revolving credit or delayed draw facility, the Lead Borrower may instead elect to use the currency exchange rate in effect on the date such indebtedness was first committed or first incurred (whichever yields the lower Dollar equivalent) provided that if any Indebtedness is incurred (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) to refinance or replace other Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than Dollars, and the relevant refinancing or replacement would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing or replacement, such Dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing or replacement Indebtedness (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) does not exceed an amount sufficient to repay the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced or replaced, except by an amount equal to (x) unpaid accrued interest and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus other reasonable and customary fees and expenses (including upfront fees and original issue discount) incurred in connection with such refinancing or replacement, (y) any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (z) additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01 and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in the rate of currency exchange occurring after the time of any Specified Transaction so long as such Specified Transaction was permitted at the time incurred, made, acquired, committed, entered or declared as set forth in clause (i) . For purposes of the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio for purposes of taking any action hereunder, on any relevant date of determination, amounts denominated in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into Dollars at the applicable currency exchange rate used in preparing the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable, for the relevant Test Period and will, with respect to any Indebtedness, reflect the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of any Hedge Agreement permitted hereunder in respect of currency exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination for the Dollar Equivalent amount of such Indebtedness. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, to the extent that the Lead Borrower would not be in compliance with Section 6.15 if any Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than Dollars were to be translated into Dollars on the basis of the applicable currency exchange rate used in preparing the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable, for the relevant Test Period, but would be in compliance with Section 6.15 if such Indebtedness that is denominated in a currency other than in Dollars were instead translated into Dollars on the basis of the average relevant currency exchange rates over such Test Period (taking into account the currency effects of any Hedge Agreement permitted hereunder and entered into with respect to the currency exchange risks relating to such Indebtedness), then, solely for purposes of compliance with Section 6.15 , the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio as of the last day of such Test Period shall be calculated on the basis of such average relevant currency exchange rates. 
 
 (b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify with the Lead Borrower s consent to appropriately reflect a change in currency of any country and any relevant market convention or practice relating to such change in currency. 
 
 Section 1.09 Cashless Rollovers . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, to the extent that any Lender extends the maturity date of, or replaces, renews or refinances, any of its then - existing Revolving Loans with Incremental Revolving Loans, Revolving Loans in connection with any Replacement Revolving Facility, or loans incurred under a new credit facility, in each case, to the extent such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing is effected by means of a cashless roll by such Lender, such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing shall be deemed to comply with any requirement hereunder or any other Loan 
 82 

Document that such payment be made in Dollars , in immediately available funds , in Cash or any other similar requirement. 
 
 Section 1.10 Certain Calculations and Tests. 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any intended acquisition, Investment (other than Investments in the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), Restricted Payment and or Restricted Debt Payment (each, taken together with any related actions and transactions (including, in the case of any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facilities), the incurrence, repayment and other intended uses of proceeds), a Limited Condition Transaction ), to the extent that the terms of this Agreement require satisfaction of, or compliance with, any condition, test or requirement, in order to effect, incur or consummate such Limited Condition Transaction (including (w) compliance with any financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Section 2.22 , any First Lien Leverage Ratio, any Secured Leverage Ratio, any Total Leverage Ratio, any Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, any Net Interest Coverage Ratio, any Payment Conditions test and or the amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets (including any component definitions of the foregoing)), (x) the making or accuracy of any representations and warranties, (y) the absence of a Default or Event of Default (or any type of Default or Event of Default) and or (z) any other condition, test or requirement), at the election of the Lead Borrower (a LCT Election ), the date of determination of whether any relevant conditions, tests and requirements are satisfied or complied with shall be made on, and shall be deemed to be, the date (the LCT Test Date that the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into (or, if applicable, delivery of notice of redemption, Prepayment, declaration of dividend or similar event), giving pro forma effect to such Limited Condition Transaction (including any related actions and transactions) pursuant to this Section 1.10 . If the Lead Borrower has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Transaction and such Limited Condition Transaction (including any related actions and transactions) would be permitted on the LCT Test Date, (i) each such condition, test and requirement shall be deemed satisfied and complied with for all purposes of such Limited Condition Transaction and (ii) any change in status of any such condition, test and requirement between the LCT Test Date and the taking of the relevant actions or consummation of the relevant transactions such that any applicable financial ratios or tests, baskets, conditions, requirements or provisions would be exceeded, breached or otherwise no longer complied with or satisfied for any reason (including due to fluctuations in Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction) shall be disregarded such that all financial ratios or tests, baskets, conditions, requirements or provisions shall continue to be deemed complied with and satisfied for all purposes of such Limited Condition Transaction, all applicable transactions and actions will permitted and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to exist or to have occurred or resulted from such change in status or Limited Condition Transaction provided , that (A) if financial statements for one or more subsequent fiscal quarters shall have become available subsequent to the LCT Test Date, the Lead Borrower may elect, in its sole discretion, to re-determine all financial ratios or tests, baskets, conditions, requirements or provisions on the basis of such financial statements, in which case, such date of redetermination shall thereafter be deemed to be the applicable LCT Test Date for purposes of such ratios, tests or baskets, and (B) except as contemplated in the foregoing clause (A) , compliance with such financial ratios or tests, baskets, conditions, requirements or provisions shall not be determined or tested at any time for purposes of such Limited Condition Transaction after the applicable LCT Test Date. If the Lead Borrower has made an LCT Election, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any financial ratios or tests (including any Incurrence-Based Baskets), thresholds and availability (including under any Fixed Basket) under this Agreement with respect to any unrelated transactions or actions on or following the applicable LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the definitive agreement (or, if applicable, notice, declaration or similar event) for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any financial ratios or tests, thresholds and availability shall be 
 83 

determined assuming such Limited Condition Transaction (including any related actions and transactions) had been consummated. 
 
 (b) For purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event or compliance with any term that requires a calculation of any financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Sections 2.22 and 2.23 , any First Lien Leverage Ratio, any Secured Leverage Ratio, any Total Leverage Ratio, any Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, any Net Interest Coverage Ratio and or the amount or percentage of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets (including any component definitions of the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding clause (k) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income , which shall be disregarded)), (i) Specified Transactions that have been made during the applicable Test Period (or, except as provided in Section 1.10(c) , subsequent to such Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made) and any Limited Condition Transaction (including any related actions and transactions) shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and be given pro forma effect assuming that all such Specified Transactions (including any related actions and transactions) and Limited Condition Transactions had occurred on the first day of the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated Total Debt, on the last date of the applicable Test Period) in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower and include, for the avoidance of doubt, the amount of run-rate cost savings (including sourcing and supply chain savings), operating expense reductions, operating, revenue and productivity improvements and synergies projected by the Lead Borrower in good faith in a manner consistent with, and without duplication of, clause (b)(xi) of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and given pro forma effect as though such run-rate cost savings (including sourcing and supply chain savings), operating expense reductions, operating, revenue and productivity improvements and synergies had been realized on the first day of such period for the entirety of such period), and any such adjustments shall be included in the initial pro forma calculations of such financial ratios or tests and during any subsequent Test Period in a manner consistent with, and without duplication of, clause (b)(xi) of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA , whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, and (ii) any borrowings under any revolving facility made subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period (regardless of whether incurred in connection with any Specified Transaction) shall be disregarded and excluded from such pro forma calculation. 
 
 (c) The calculation of any financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Sections 2.22 and 2.23 , any First Lien Leverage Ratio, any Secured Leverage Ratio, any Total Leverage Ratio, any Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, any Net Interest Coverage Ratio and or the amount or percentage of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets (including any component definitions of the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding clause (k) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income , which shall be disregarded)) shall be based on the most recently ended Test Period for which internal financial statements are available (as determined in good faith by the Lead Borrower). 
 
 (d) The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other discount security constituting Indebtedness at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet of the Lead Borrower dated such date prepared in accordance with GAAP. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being calculated on a Pro Forma Basis or being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness attributable to any period subsequent to such Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made shall be calculated for as if the rate in effect on the date of the event for which the calculation is made had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any hedging obligations applicable to such Indebtedness). Interest on a Capital Lease obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capital Lease obligation in accordance with GAAP. Any calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or the Net Interest Coverage Ratio on a Pro Forma Basis will be calculated using an assumed 
 84 

interest rate in determining Consolidated Interest Expense based on the indicative interest margin contained in any financing commitment documentation with respect to such Indebtedness or, if no such indicative interest margin exists, as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower in good faith. 
 
 (e) The increase in amounts secured by Liens by virtue of accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the payment of interest or dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness, amortization of original issue discount and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Liens for purposes of Section 6.02 . 
 
 (f) For purposes of determining compliance at any time with the provisions of this Agreement, in the event that any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility and Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction or other transaction, as applicable, meets the criteria of more than one category (or subcategory within any category) of exceptions, thresholds, baskets, or other provisions of transactions or items permitted pursuant to any clause of Article 6 (other than Section 6.01(a) and (x) ), any component (or subcomponent) in the definition of Incremental Cap or any other provision of this Agreement, the Lead Borrower, in its sole discretion, may, at any time, classify or reclassify (on one or more occasions) and or divide or re-divide (on one or more occasions) such transaction or item (or portion thereof) among one or more such categories of exceptions, thresholds, baskets or provisions, as elected by the Lead Borrower in its sole discretion (other than the Initial Term Loans (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement), the Revolving Loans outstanding on the Closing Date and any refinancing indebtedness in respect thereof which may not be reclassified). It is understood and agreed that any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility and Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction or other transaction need not be permitted solely by reference to one category (or subcategory) of exceptions, thresholds, baskets or provisions permitting such Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition and or Affiliate transaction under Article VI (other than Sections 6.01(a) , (x) and (z) ), any component (or subcomponent) in the definition of Incremental Cap or any other provision of this Agreement, but may instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof. Upon delivery of financial statements following any initial classification and division (or any subsequent reclassification and re-division), if any applicable financial ratios for any Incurrence-Based Baskets would then be satisfied for the incurrence of such Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility and Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction, any amount thereof under any Fixed Basket shall automatically be deemed reclassified and re-divided as incurred under any available Incurrence-Based Baskets to the extent not previously elected by the Lead Borrower and will be deemed to have been incurred, issued, made or taken first, to the extent available, pursuant to any available Incurrence-Based Baskets as set forth above without utilization of any Fixed Basket. 
 
 (g) With respect to any amounts incurred or transactions entered into or consummated (including any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility and Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction or other transaction), in reliance on a combination of Fixed Baskets and Incurrence-Based Baskets, it is understood and agreed that (i) the Incurrence-Based Baskets shall first be calculated without giving effect to any Fixed Baskets being relied upon for any portion of such incurrence or transactions (i.e., the portion of such incurrence or transaction in reliance on all Fixed Baskets shall be disregarded in the calculation of the financial ratio applicable to the Incurrence-Based Baskets, but full pro forma effect shall otherwise be given thereto and to all other applicable and related transactions (including, in the case of Indebtedness, the intended use of the aggregate proceeds of Indebtedness being incurred in reliance on a combination of Fixed Baskets and Incurrence-Based Baskets, but without netting the Cash proceeds of such Indebtedness) and all other permitted pro forma adjustments (except that the incurrence of any 
 85 

borrowings under any revolving credit facility shall be disregarded as set forth in Section 1.10(b) )) and (ii) thereafter, the incurrence of the portion of such amounts or other applicable transaction to be entered into in reliance on any Fixed Baskets shall be calculated (and may subsequently be reclassified into Incurrence-Based Baskets in accordance with Section 1.10(f) ). For example, in calculating the maximum amount of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Fixed Baskets and Incurrence-Based Baskets in Section 6.01 in connection with an acquisition, only the portion of such Indebtedness intended to be incurred under Incurrence-Based Baskets shall be included in the calculation of financial ratios (and the portion of such Indebtedness intended to be incurred under Fixed Baskets shall be deemed to not have been incurred in calculating such financial ratios), but pro forma effect shall be given to the use of proceeds from the entire amount of Indebtedness intended to be incurred under both the Fixed Baskets and Incurrence-Based Baskets, the consummation of the acquisitions and any related repayments of Indebtedness. 
 
 Section 1.11 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by any Borrower pursuant to this Agreement (or required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement) shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up for five). 
 
 Section 1.12 Alternate Currencies 
 
 (a) The Lead Borrower may from time to time request that Revolving Loans and or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other than Euros, Sterling or Dollars provided that the requested currency is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Revolving Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and, in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the applicable Issuing Bank. The approval of any Alternate Currency may be accompanied by changes to the timing of the delivery of Borrowing Requests, Interest Election Requests and Letter of Credit Request in respect to credit extensions in such Alternate Currency. 
 
 (b) Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. 10 Business Days prior to the date of the desired Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the relevant Issuing Bank in its sole discretion). In the case of any such request pertaining to Revolving Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof and in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the relevant Issuing Bank. Each such Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Revolving Loans) or the relevant Issuing Bank (in the case of a request pertaining to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 1 00 p.m., five Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Revolving Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit in the requested currency. 
 
 (c) Any failure by any Lender or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding paragraph (b) shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to permit Revolving Loans to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued in the requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and each Lender that would be obligated to make Credit Extensions denominated in the requested currency consent to making Revolving Loans in the requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Lead Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternate Currency hereunder for purposes of any Borrowing of Revolving Loans and if the Administrative Agent and the relevant Issuing 
 86 

Bank consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in the requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Lead Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternate Currency hereunder for purposes of the issuance of any Letter of Credit. If the Administrative Agent fails to obtain the requisite consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.12 , the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Lead Borrower. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent that the LIBO Rate and or the Alternate Base Rate is not applicable to or available with respect to a Revolving Loan to be denominated in an Alternate Currency, the interest rate components applicable to such Alternate Currency shall be separately agreed by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Section 1.13 Divisions. 
 
 For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Capital Stock at such time. 
 
 Section 1.14 Rate LIBOR Notification 
 
 The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions unrelated to this Agreement that affect the calculation of Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Lead Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Lead Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 
 (a) The interest rate on Eurodollar Rate Loans is determined by reference to the LIBOR Screen Rate, which is derived from the London interbank offered rate. The London interbank offered rate is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that, after the end of 2021, it would no longer persuade or compel contributing banks to make rate submissions to the ICE Benchmark Administration (together with any successor to the ICE Benchmark Administrator, the IBA for purposes of the 
 87 

IBA setting the London interbank offered rate. On March 5, 2021, the IBA stated that as a result of its not having access to input data necessary to calculate LIBOR settings on a representative basis beyond the intended cessation dates set forth in the table below, it would have to cease publication of all 35 LIBOR settings immediately after such dates. 

LIBOR Currency LIBOR Settings Date USD 1-week, 2-month December 31, 2021 USD All other settings (i.e., Overnight Spot Next, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month) June 30, 2023 GBP, EUR, CHF, JPY All settings December 31, 2021 
 
 (b) The IBA did not identify any successor administrator in its announcement. In light of this eventuality, public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of the London interbank offered rate. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, Section 2.14 provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the submission or any other matter related to the London interbank offered rate or other rates in the definition of Eurodollar Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section 2.14 , whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 2.14(b) , including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the Eurodollar Rate or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. 

ARTICLE 2 
 
 THE CREDITS 
 
 Section 2.01 Commitments. 
 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender with an Initial US Commitment severally, and not jointly, agrees to make loans in Dollars and or any other Alternate Currency to the US Borrower at any time and from time to time on and after the Closing Date, and until the earlier of the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the termination of the Initial US Commitment of such Lender in accordance with the terms hereof, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the lesser of (A) the Initial US Commitments and (B) the US Borrowing Base, or (ii) such Lender s Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Initial US Commitment. 
 
 (b) Reserved . 
 
 (c) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender with an Initial European Commitment severally, and not jointly, agrees to make loans in Euros, Sterling, Dollars and or any other Alternate Currency to the European Borrowers at any time and from time to time on and after the European Borrowing Base Effective Date, and until the earlier of the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the termination of the Initial European Commitment of such Lender in accordance with the 
 88 

terms hereof, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the lesser of (A) the Initial European Commitments and (B) the European Borrowing Base, or (ii) such Lender s Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Initial European Commitment. 
 
 (d) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Extension Amendment or Incremental Facility Agreement, each Lender and each Additional Revolving Lender with any Additional Revolving Commitment for a given Class severally, and not jointly, agrees to make Additional Revolving Loans of such Class to the applicable Borrower, which Revolving Loans shall not exceed for any such Lender or Additional Revolving Lender at the time of any incurrence thereof, the Additional Revolving Commitment of each Class of Lender. 
 
 (e) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender in its individual capacity agrees, at any time and from time to time on and after the First Amendment Effective Date and prior to the Swingline Maturity Date, to make a loan or loans in Dollars (each, a Swingline Loan and, collectively the Swingline Loans to the US Borrower, which Swingline Loans (i) shall be ABR Revolving Loans, (ii) shall have the benefit of the provisions of Section 2.01(f) , (iii) shall not exceed at any time outstanding the Swingline Sublimit, (iv) shall not, after giving effect thereto and to the application of the proceeds thereof, result at any time in the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures at such time exceeding the Aggregate Commitments then in effect, (v) shall not, after giving effect thereto and to the application of the proceeds thereof, other than as described in Section 2.06 , result at any time in the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure at such time exceeding the Line Cap then in effect, and (vi) may be repaid and reborrowed in accordance with the provisions hereof. On the Swingline Maturity Date, all Swingline Loans shall be repaid in full. The Swingline Lender shall not make any Swingline Loan after receiving a written notice from any Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders stating that a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing until such time as the Swingline Lender shall have received written notice of (i) rescission of all such notices from the party or parties originally delivering such notice or (ii) the waiver of such Default or Event of Default in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.02 . 
 
 (f) On any Business Day, the Swingline Lender may, in its sole discretion, give notice to each Lender that all then-outstanding Swingline Loans shall be funded with a Dollar-denominated Borrowing of Revolving Loans, in which case (i) Revolving Loans constituting ABR Revolving Loans shall be made on the immediately succeeding Business Day (each such Borrowing, a Mandatory Borrowing by each Lender pro rata based on each Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage, and the proceeds thereof shall be applied directly to the Swingline Lender to repay the Swingline Lender for such outstanding Swingline Loans. Each Lender hereby irrevocably agrees to make such Revolving Loans upon one Business Day s notice pursuant to each Mandatory Borrowing in the amount and in the manner specified in the preceding sentence and on the date specified to it in writing by the Swingline Lender notwithstanding (i) that the amount of the Mandatory Borrowing may not comply with the minimum amount for each Borrowing specified in Section 2.02 , (ii) whether any conditions specified in Section 4 are then satisfied, (iii) whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (iv) the date of such Mandatory Borrowing, or (v) any reduction in the Aggregate Commitments after any such Swingline Loans were made. Upon notice from the Swingline Lender, each Lender hereby agrees that it shall forthwith purchase from the Swingline Lender (without recourse or warranty) such participation of the outstanding Swingline Loans as shall be necessary to cause the Lenders to share in such Swingline Loans ratably based upon their respective Applicable Percentages provided that all principal and interest payable on such Swingline Loans shall be for the account of the Swingline Lender until the date the respective participation is purchased and, to the extent attributable to the purchased participation, shall be payable to such Lender purchasing same from and after such date of purchase. 

89 

Section 2.02 Loans and Borrowings. 
 
 (a) Each Revolving Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans of the same Class and Type made by the relevant Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class. 
 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.01 and Section 2.14 , each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of (i) in the case of Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars, ABR Revolving Loans or LIBO Rate SOFR Revolving Loans, and (ii) in the case of Revolving Loans denominated in any other currency as the applicable Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any LIBO Rate Revolving Loan or SOFR Revolving Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Revolving Loan provided that (i) any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the applicable Borrower to repay such Revolving Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (ii) such LIBO Rate Revolving Loan or SOFR Revolving Loan shall be deemed to have been made and held by such Lender, and the obligation of the applicable Borrower to repay such LIBO Rate Revolving Loan or SOFR Revolving Loan shall nevertheless be to such Lender for the account of such domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender and (iii) in exercising such option, such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to minimize increased costs to the applicable Borrower resulting therefrom (which obligation of such Lender shall not require it to take, or refrain from taking, actions that it determines would result in increased costs for which it will not be compensated hereunder or that it otherwise determines would be disadvantageous to it and in the event of such request for costs for which compensation is provided under this Agreement, the provisions of Section 2.15 shall apply) provided further that any such domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender shall not be entitled to any greater indemnification under Section 2.17 with respect to such LIBO Rate Revolving Loan or SOFR Revolving Loan than that to which the applicable Lender was entitled on the date on which such Revolving Loan was made (except in connection with any indemnification entitlement arising as a result of a Change in Law after the date on which such Revolving Loan was made). 
 
 (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Borrowing of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans or SOFR Revolving Loans, such Borrowing shall comprise an aggregate principal amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 (or, in the case of any LIBO Rate Borrowing denominated in Euros, Sterling or the equivalent of 100,000 denominated in such currency) and not less than 1,000,000 (or, in the case of any Adjusted LIBO Rate Borrowing denominated in any Alternate Currency, the equivalent of 1,000,000 denominated in such currency). Each ABR Revolving Loan When when made shall be in a minimum principal amount of 100,000 provided that an ABR may be made in a lesser aggregate amount that is (x) equal to the entire aggregate unused Commitments of the relevant Class or (y) required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(e) . Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of ten (10) different Interest Periods in effect for LIBO Rate Borrowings or SOFR Borrowings , at any time outstanding (or such greater number of different Interest Periods as the Administrative Agent may agree from time to time). 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Borrower shall, nor shall it be entitled to, request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date applicable to the relevant Revolving Loan. 
 
 (e) For the avoidance of doubt, Revolving Loans denominated in Sterling shall be RFR Loans, as further provided herein. 
 
 Section 2.03 Requests for Borrowings. Each Borrowing, each conversion from one Type to the other, and each continuation of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans or SOFR Revolving Loan shall be made upon irrevocable notice by the applicable Borrower (or the Lead Borrower on behalf of the 
 90 

relevant Borrower) to the Administrative Agent (or in the case of Swingline Loans, to the Swingline Lender with a copy to the Administrative Agent). Each such notice must be in writing or by telephone (and promptly confirmed in writing) and must be received by the Administrative Agent (or in the case of Swingline Loans, to the Swingline Lender with a copy to the Administrative Agent) not later than (a) 1 00 p.m. (i) two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing, conversion or continuation of LIBO Rate SOFR Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars (or one Business Day in the case of any Borrowing of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars to be made on the Closing Date), (ii) four Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing, conversion or continuation of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans denominated in a currency other than Dollars (or one Business Day in the case of any Borrowing of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans denominated in a currency other than Dollars to be made on the Closing Date) or (iii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of ABR Revolving Loans (but excluding Swingline Loans) (or, in each case, such later time as shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent) or (b) 2 30 p.m. on the requested date of any Borrowing of Swingline Loans provided , however , that if the applicable Borrower wishes to request LIBO Rate Revolving Loans or SOFR Revolving Loans having an Interest Period of other than one (1), three (3) or six (6) months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, (A) the applicable notice from the applicable Borrower (or the Lead Borrower on its behalf) must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12 00 p.m. four (4) Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation (or such later time as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the relevant Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is available to by all such Lenders and ascertainable by the Administrative Agent or, in the case of Interest Periods shorter than twelve (12) months, subject to the Administrative Agent s consent and (B) not later than 12 00 p.m. (Noon) three (3) Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify such Borrower whether or not the requested Interest Period can be accommodated by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders. Each written notice (or confirmation of telephonic notice) with respect to a Borrowing by the applicable Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.03 shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent in the form of a written Borrowing Request or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of such Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 
 (a) the identity of the Borrower 
 
 (b) the Class of such Borrowing 
 
 (c) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing 
 
 (d) the currency of such Borrowing 
 
 (e) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 
 (f) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or , a LIBO Rate Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing 
 
 (g) in the case of a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing , the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 
 91 

(h) the location and number of the applicable Borrower s account or any other designated account(s) to which funds are to be disbursed (the Funding Account ). 
 
 If, with respect to Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars, no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. Revolving Loans denominated in Euros, Sterling or any Alternate Currency shall be LIBO Rate Borrowings. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing , then the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one (1) month s duration. The Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of the Revolving Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing (x) in the case of any ABR Borrowing, on the same Business Day of receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03 or (y) in the case of any LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing , no later than one (1) Business Day following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03 . No Revolving Loan may be converted into or continued as a Revolving Loan denominated in a different currency, but instead must be prepaid in the currency in which such Revolving Loan was originally denominated and re-borrowed in the relevant other currency. With respect to any RFR Loans, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower will have the right to make RFR Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such RFR Conforming Changes will become effective solely with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower and without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such RFR Conforming Changes to the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 
 Mandatory Borrowings shall be made upon the notice specified in Section 2.01(f) , with the Borrowers irrevocably agreeing, by their incurrence of any Swingline Loan, to the making of Mandatory Borrowings as set forth in such Section. 
 
 Section 2.04 Overadvances. 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the sum of the Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure to the US Borrower exceeds the US Borrowing Base, at the request of the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion (but without any obligation to do so), make Revolving Loans to the US Borrower, on behalf of the relevant Lenders (any such Revolving Loan, a US Overadvance provided that, no US Overadvance shall result in a Default or Event of Default for as long as such US Overadvance remains outstanding in accordance with the terms of this paragraph. US Overadvances shall be denominated in Dollars shall be ABR Borrowings. The authority of the Administrative Agent to make US Overadvances is limited to an aggregate amount not to exceed, when taken together with any US Protective Advances 10 of the US Borrowing Base in effect at such time. Each US Overadvance shall mature and be due on the earliest of (i) the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date, (ii) written demand by the Administrative Agent and (iii) 30 days after the date on which such US Overadvance is made it being understood and agreed that no US Overadvance shall cause the Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure of any Initial US Revolving Lender to exceed such Initial US Revolving Lender s Initial US Commitment. 
 
 (b) Reserved . 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the sum of the Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure to the European Borrowers exceeds the European Borrowing Base, at the request of the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion (but without any obligation to do so), make Revolving Loans to the European Borrowers, on behalf of the relevant Lenders (any such Revolving Loan, a European Overadvance provided that, no European Overadvance shall 
 92 

result in a Default or Event of Default for as long as such European Overadvance remains outstanding in accordance with the terms of this paragraph. European Overadvances shall be denominated in Dollars, Euros or Sterling. Any European Overadvance denominated in Dollars shall be an ABR Borrowing. Any European Overadvance denominated in Euros or Sterling shall be an a LIBO Rate Borrowing. The authority of the Administrative Agent to make European Overadvances is limited to an aggregate amount not to exceed, when taken together with any European Protective Advances 10 of the European Borrowing Base in effect at such time. Each European Overadvance shall mature and be due on the earliest of (i) the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date, (ii) written demand by the Administrative Agent and (iii) 30 days after the date on which such European Overadvance is made it being understood and agreed that no European Overadvance shall cause the Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure of any Initial European Revolving Lender to exceed such Initial European Revolving Lender s Initial European Commitment. 
 
 (d) Upon the making of any Overadvance, each relevant Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from the Administrative Agent without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in the relevant US Overadvance or European Overadvance, as applicable, in proportion to its Applicable Percentage and, upon demand by the Administrative Agent, shall fund such participation to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (e) Each US Overadvance shall be secured by the Lien on the US Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent and shall constitute a US Obligation hereunder. Each European Overadvance shall be secured by the Lien on the European Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent and shall constitute a European Obligation hereunder. The making of an Overadvance on any one occasion shall not obligate the Administrative Agent to make any Overadvance on any other occasion. 
 
 Section 2.05 Letters of Credit. 
 
 (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, 
 
 (i) in each case in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.05 , 
 
 (A) each Issuing Bank with an Initial US Commitment from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date to the fifth Business Day prior to the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date, upon the request of the US Borrower agrees, to issue Letters of Credit issued for the account of the US Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary provided that, other than with respect to the Existing Letters of Credit, the US Borrower will be the applicant) (such Letters of Credit, the US Letters of Credit ), to amend or renew US Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.05(b) and to honor drafts under the US Letters of Credit, 
 
 (B) reserved , 
 
 (C) each Issuing Bank with an Initial European Commitment from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date to the fifth Business Day prior to the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date, upon the request of the European Borrower agrees, to issue Letters of Credit issued for the account of the European Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary provided that the European Borrower will be the applicant) (such Letters of Credit, the European Letters of Credit ), to amend or renew European Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.05(b) and to honor drafts under the European Letters of Credit, and 
 
 93 

(ii) the Lenders severally agree to participate in the applicable Letters of Credit issued pursuant to Section 2.05(d) . 
 
 (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Borrower shall deliver to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent, at least three Business Days in advance of the requested date of issuance (or such shorter period as is acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank or, in the case of any issuance to be made on the Closing Date, one Business Day prior to the Closing Date), a request to issue a Letter of Credit, which shall specify that it is being issued under this Agreement, in the form of Exhibit B-2 attached hereto (the Letter of Credit Request ). To request an amendment, extension or renewal of an outstanding Letter of Credit, (other than any automatic extension of a Letter of Credit permitted under Section 2.05(c) the applicable Borrower shall submit such a request to the applicable Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) at least three Business Days in advance of the requested date of amendment, extension or renewal (or such shorter period as is acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank), identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, extended or renewed, and specifying the proposed date (which shall be a Business Day) and other details of the amendment, extension or renewal. Requests for the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of any Letter of Credit must be accompanied by such other information as shall be reasonably requested by the applicable Issuing Bank to issue, amend, extend or renew such Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the applicable Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by any Borrower to, or entered into by any Borrower with, the applicable Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. No Letter of Credit, letter of credit application or other document entered into by any Borrower with the applicable Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit shall contain any representations or warranties, covenants or events of default not set forth in this Agreement (and to the extent inconsistent herewith shall be rendered null and void), and all representations and warranties, covenants and events of default set forth therein shall contain standards, qualifications, thresholds and exceptions for materiality or otherwise consistent with those set forth in this Agreement (and, to the extent inconsistent herewith, shall be deemed to automatically incorporate the applicable standards, qualifications, thresholds and exceptions set forth herein without action by any Person). A Letter of Credit may be issued, amended, extended or renewed only if (and on the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of each Letter of Credit the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, extension, or renewal, (i) in the case of a US Letter of Credit, the US LC Exposure does not exceed the US Letter of Credit Sublimit, (ii) in the case of a European Letter of Credit, the European LC Exposure does not exceed the European Letter of Credit Sublimit and (iii) the sum of (x) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans plus (y) the aggregate amount of all LC Obligations would not exceed the Aggregate Commitment. Promptly after the delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the applicable Issuing Bank will also deliver to the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
 
 (c) Expiration Date . No Letter of Credit shall expire later than the earlier of (A) the date that is one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (B) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date provided that any Letter of Credit may provide for the automatic extension thereof for any number of additional periods each of up to one year in duration (none of which, in any event, shall extend beyond the date referred to in the preceding clause (B) unless 100 of the then-available face amount thereof is Cash collateralized or backstopped on or before the date that such Letter of Credit is extended beyond the date referred to in clause (B) above pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank) provided , further , that each Revolving 
 94 

Lender s participation in any undrawn Letter of Credit that is outstanding on the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date will terminate on the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date. 
 
 (d) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the applicable Class of Lenders, the applicable Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender of the applicable Class, and each such Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the applicable Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section 2.05 , or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the applicable Borrower for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 
 (e) Reimbursement. 
 
 (i) If the applicable Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 1 00 p.m. on the Business Day immediately following the date on which the applicable Borrower receives notice under paragraph (g) of this Section 2.05 of such LC Disbursement (or, if such notice is received less than two hours prior to the deadline for requesting ABR Borrowings pursuant to Section 2.03 , on the second Business Day immediately following the date on which the applicable Borrower receives such notice) provided that the applicable Borrower may, without satisfying the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 that such payment be financed with (x) in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in Dollars, an ABR Borrowing, (y) reserved , (z) in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in Euros or Sterling or an Alternate Currency, a LIBO Rate Borrowing clauses (x) , (y) and (z) , an LC Reimbursement Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the applicable Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Revolving Loan. If the applicable Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender in the relevant Class of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the applicable Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender in the relevant Class shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the applicable Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Revolving Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the applicable Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders in any relevant Class have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. 
 
 95 

(ii) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.05(e) by the time specified therein, such Issuing Bank shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such Issuing Bank at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate (or (A) reserved , (B) in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in Euros or Sterling, the LIBO Rate and (C) in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in any Alternate Currency, the Administrative Agent s customary rate for interbank advances in the Alternate Currency in which such Letter of Credit is denominated) from time to time in effect and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A certificate of the applicable Issuing Bank submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (ii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 (f) Obligations Absolute . The applicable Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section 2.05 shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under any Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the applicable Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.05 , constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of such Issuing Bank provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse such Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrowers to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by any Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of applicable Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 
 (g) Disbursement Procedures . The applicable Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower by telephone (promptly confirmed in writing) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing 
 96 

Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder provided that no failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall relieve the applicable Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 
 (h) Interim Interest . If any Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement, then, unless the applicable Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the applicable Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to (a) in the case of Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars, Revolving Loans that are ABR Revolving Loans of the applicable Class, (b) reserved and (c) in the case of Letters of Credit denominated in Euros, Sterling or any Alternate Currency, Revolving Loans denominated in such currency that are LIBO Rate Revolving Loans of the applicable Class provided that if the applicable Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section 2.05 , then Section 2.13(e) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section 2.05 to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment and shall be payable on the date on which the applicable Borrower is required to reimburse the applicable LC Disbursement in full (and, thereafter, on demand). 
 
 (i) Replacement or Resignation of an Issuing Bank or Addition of New Issuing Banks. 
 
 (i) Any Issuing Bank may be replaced with the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) at any time by written agreement among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement becomes effective, the Borrowers shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b)(ii) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of any Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. Any Borrower may, at any time and from time to time with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and the relevant Lender, designate one or more additional Lenders to act as an issuing bank under the terms of this Agreement. Any Lender designated as an issuing bank pursuant to this paragraph (i) who agrees in writing to such designation shall be deemed to be an Issuing Bank (in addition to being a Lender) in respect of Letters of Credit issued or to be issued by such Lender, and, with respect to such Letters of Credit, such term shall thereafter apply to the other Issuing Bank and such Lender. 
 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, each Issuing Bank may, upon ten days prior written notice to the Lead Borrower, each other Issuing Bank and the Lenders, resign as Issuing Bank, which resignation shall be effective as of the date referenced in such notice (but in no event less than ten days after the delivery of such written notice) it being understood that in the event of any such resignation, any Letter of Credit then outstanding shall remain outstanding (irrespective of whether any amounts have been drawn at such time). In the event of any such resignation as an Issuing Bank, the Lead Borrower shall be entitled to appoint any Lender that accepts such appointment in writing as successor Issuing Bank. Upon the 
 97 

acceptance of any appointment as Issuing Bank hereunder, the successor Issuing Bank shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Issuing Bank, and the retiring Issuing Bank shall be discharged from its duties and obligations in such capacity hereunder. 
 
 (j) Cash Collateralization. 
 
 (i) If any Event of Default exists, then on the Business Day that the Borrowers receive notice from the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders demanding the deposit of Cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph (j) , 
 
 (A) the US Borrower shall deposit, in an interest bearing account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders of the applicable Class (the US LC Collateral Account ), an amount in Cash equal to 101 of the US LC Exposure as of such date minus the amount then on deposit in the US LC Collateral Account), 
 
 (B) reserved , and 
 
 (C) the applicable European Borrower shall deposit, in an interest bearing account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders of the applicable Class (the European LC Collateral Account ), an amount in Cash equal to 102.5 (or, for any European Letter of Credit denominated in a currency other than Dollars, 103 of the European LC Exposure as of such date minus the amount then on deposit in the European LC Collateral Account), 
 
 provided that the obligation to deposit such Cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the applicable Borrower described in Section 7.01(f) or (g) . 
 
 (ii) Any such deposit under clause (i) above shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the applicable Obligations of the relevant Borrower in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph (j) . The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account, and the Borrowers hereby grant the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a First Priority security interest in the applicable LC Collateral Account. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrowers for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Revolving Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of the Required Lenders) be applied to satisfy other Secured Obligations. If any Borrower is required to provide an amount of Cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (together with all interest and other earnings with respect thereto, to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the applicable Borrower promptly but in no event later than three Business Days after such Event of Default has been cured or waived. 
 
 Section 2.06 Protective Advances. 
 
 (a) Subject to the limitations set forth below (and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 4.02 ), the Administrative Agent is authorized by each Borrower and each Lender from 
 98 

time to time in its sole discretion (but without any obligation to do so) to make Initial US Revolving Loans (any such Initial US Revolving Loan made pursuant to this Section 2.06(a), a US Protective Advance and Initial European Revolving Loans (any such Initial European Revolving Loan made pursuant to this Section 2.06(a) , a European Protective Advance and, together with any US Protective Advance, collectively, the Protective Advances to any applicable Borrower on behalf of the Lenders of the relevant Class at any time that any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 has not been satisfied or waived, which the Administrative Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, deems necessary or desirable (i) to preserve or protect the relevant Collateral or any portion thereof, (ii) to enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the relevant Revolving Loans and other relevant Secured Obligations or (iii) to pay any other amount chargeable to or required to be paid by the relevant Borrower or any other Loan Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including any payment of any reimbursable expense (including any expense described in Section 9.03 and any other amount that, in each case is then due and payable under any Loan Document and not the subject of a good faith dispute by the relevant Loan Party. All Protective Advances denominated in Dollars shall be ABR Borrowings and all Protective Advances denominated in Euros or Sterling shall be LIBO Rate Borrowings. No Protective Advance may be made if, after giving effect thereto, (i) the aggregate amount of outstanding Protective Advances and Overadvances would exceed 10 of the greater of (A) the Commitments and (B) the Borrowing Base (ii) such Protective Advance would cause the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender to exceed any of its Commitments as set forth on Schedule 1.01(a) . 
 
 (b) Each Protective Advance shall be secured by the Lien on the applicable Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent and shall constitute a US Obligation or European Obligation, as applicable, hereunder. Each Protective Advance shall be repaid by the applicable Borrower upon the earliest of (i) demand by the Administrative Agent, (ii) the next succeeding Maturity Date and (iii) the date that is 30 days after such Protective Advance is made. The Administrative Agent s authorization to make Protective Advances may be revoked at any time by the Required Lenders. The making of a Protective Advance on any one occasion shall not obligate the Administrative Agent to make any Protective Advance on any other occasion. At any time that the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 have been satisfied or waived, the Administrative Agent may request the Lenders to make an Initial US Revolving Loan or an Initial European Revolving Loan, as applicable, to repay any US Protective Advance or European Protective Advance, respectively. 
 
 (c) Upon the making of a Protective Advance by the Administrative Agent (whether before or after the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default), each Lender of the relevant Class shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, unconditionally and irrevocably to have purchased from the Administrative Agent without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such US Protective Advance or European Protective Advance, as applicable, in proportion to its Applicable Percentage, and, upon demand by the Administrative Agent, shall fund such participation to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Section 2.07 Funding of Borrowings. 
 
 (a) Each Lender shall make each Revolving Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by (x) 2 00 p.m. New York City time for Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars or (y) 8 00 a.m. New York City time for Revolving Loans denominated in Euros, Sterling or an Alternate Currency, in each case, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders in an amount equal to such Lender s respective Applicable Percentage. The Administrative Agent will make such Revolving Loans available to the applicable Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to the Funding Account or as otherwise directed by the applicable Borrower provided that (i) any Revolving Loan made to finance the reimbursement of any LC Disbursement as 
 99 

provided in Section 2.05(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank and (ii) any Mandatory Borrowing shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Swingline Lender. 
 
 (b) Unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from any Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section 2.07 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if any Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the applicable Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand (without duplication) such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate (or, with respect to any amount denominated in Euros, Sterling or an Alternate Currency, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in Euros, on an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by the Administrative Agent in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency) and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrowers, the interest rate applicable to Revolving Loans comprising such Borrowing at such time. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Loan included in such Borrowing and the Borrowers obligation to repay the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount pursuant to this Section 2.07(b) shall cease. If any Borrower pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, the amount so paid shall constitute a repayment of such Borrowing by such amount. Nothing herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent or any Borrower or any other Loan Party may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. 
 
 Section 2.08 Type Interest Elections. 
 
 (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing , shall have the initial Interest Period specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the applicable Borrower may elect to convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing , may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section 2.08 provided that Revolving Loans denominated in Euros, Sterling or any Alternate Currency shall be LIBO Rate Borrowings at all times. The applicable Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders based upon their Applicable Percentages and the Revolving Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 
 
 (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.08 , the applicable Borrower (or the Lead Borrower on its behalf) shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election either in writing or by telephone by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the applicable Borrower (or the Lead Borrower on its behalf) were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly in writing to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request signed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Borrower. 
 
 (c) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 
 100 

(i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or , a LIBO Rate Borrowing , or a SOFR Borrowing and 
 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing , the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 
 (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 
 (e) If the applicable Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, such Borrowing shall be converted at the end of such Interest Period to a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing , with an Interest Period of one month. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default exists and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrowers, then, so long as such Event of Default exists (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing, at the end of the then-current Interest Period applicable thereto (except, in either case, that Revolving Loans denominated in Euros, Sterling or any Alternate Currency shall be comprised of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans). 
 
 Section 2.09 Termination and Reduction of Commitments. 
 
 (a) Unless previously terminated, the Initial Revolving Commitments shall automatically terminate on the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date. 
 
 (b) Upon delivering the notice required by Section 2.09(d) , the Lead Borrower may at any time terminate the Commitments of any Class upon (i) the payment in full in Cash of all outstanding Revolving Loans of such Class, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (ii) the cancellation and return of all outstanding Letters of Credit of such Class (or alternatively, with respect to each outstanding Letter of Credit, the furnishing to the Administrative Agent of a Cash deposit (or, if reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank, a backup standby letter of credit) equal to 100 (or, 102.5 , in the case of any European Letter of Credit) of the relevant LC Exposure minus the amount then on deposit in the US LC Collateral Account or European LC Collateral Account, as applicable) as of such date) and (iii) the payment in full of all accrued and unpaid fees and all reimbursable expenses and other non-contingent Obligations with respect to the Revolving Facility of such Class then due, together with accrued and unpaid interest (if any) thereon. 
 
 101 

(c) Upon delivering the notice required by Section 2.09(d) , the Lead Borrower may from time to time reduce the Commitments provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 1,000,000 and (ii) the Lead Borrower shall not reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.10 or Section 2.11 , the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Aggregate Commitment. 
 
 (d) The Lead Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section 2.09 in writing at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction (or such later date to which the Administrative Agent may agree), specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the applicable Class of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Lead Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.09 shall be irrevocable provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Lead Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Lead Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.09 shall be permanent. Upon any reduction of the Commitments, the Commitment of each Lender shall be reduced by such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such reduction amount. 
 
 Section 2.10 Repayment of Revolving Loans Evidence of Debt. 
 
 (a) (i)The US Borrower hereby promises to pay in Dollars or the relevant Alternate Currency to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Initial US Revolving Lender, the then-unpaid principal amount of each Initial US Revolving Loan made by such Initial US Revolving Lender to the US Borrower on the Maturity Date applicable thereto. 
 
 (ii) Reserved . 
 
 (iii) Each European Borrower hereby promises to pay in Euros, Sterling, Dollars or the relevant Alternate Currency to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Initial European Revolving Lender, the then-unpaid principal amount of each Initial European Revolving Loan made by such Initial European Revolving Lender to such European Borrower on the Maturity Date applicable thereto. 
 
 (iv) The Borrowers hereby promise to pay in Dollars to the Swingline Lender, the then-unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan made by such Swingline Lender to any Borrower on the Swingline Maturity Date. 
 
 Each Revolving Loan shall be repaid in the currency in which it was made. 
 
 (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Lender resulting from each Revolving Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Revolving Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period (if any) applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the applicable Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received 
 102 

by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks and each Lender s and Issuing Banks share thereof. 
 
 (d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (c) or (d) of this Section 2.10 shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein (absent manifest error) provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any manifest error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the applicable Borrower to repay the Revolving Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement provided , further , that in the event of any inconsistency between the accounts maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section 2.10 and any Lender s records, the accounts of the Administrative Agent shall govern. 
 
 (e) Any Lender may request that Revolving Loans made by it be evidenced by a Promissory Note. In such event, the applicable Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Promissory Note payable to such Lender and its registered assigns it being understood and agreed that such Lender (and or its applicable assign) shall be required to return such Promissory Note to such Borrower in accordance with Section 9.05(b)(iii) and upon the occurrence of the Termination Date (or as promptly thereafter as practicable). 
 
 Section 2.11 Prepayment of Revolving Loans. 
 
 (a) Optional Prepayments . 
 
 (i) Upon prior notice in accordance with paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 2.11 , the Borrowers shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay, in Dollars, Euros, Sterling or the relevant Alternate Currency, as applicable, any Borrowing of Revolving Loans of any Class in whole or in part without premium or penalty (but subject to Section 2.16 ). Each such prepayment shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the Applicable Class of Revolving Loans being prepaid. 
 
 (ii) The Lead Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (promptly confirmed in writing) of any prepayment under this Section 2.11(a) (A) in the case of a prepayment of a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing , not later than 12 00 p.m. three Business Days before the date of prepayment, or (B) in the case of a prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 1 00 p.m. one Business Day before the date of prepayment (or such later date to which the Administrative Agent may agree). Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid provided that a notice of prepayment delivered by the Lead Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Lead Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to any Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the relevant Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount at least equal to the amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type and Class as provided in Section 2.02(c) . Each prepayment of Revolving Loans shall be applied to the Class of Revolving Loans specified in the applicable prepayment notice provided that any such prepayment shall be applied first ratably to the outstanding Swingline Loans. 
 
 (iii) Subject to Section 5.16(g) , during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Period and following delivery by the Administrative Agent of notice to the Lead Borrower, on each Business Day, at or before 1 00 p.m., New York City time, the Administrative Agent shall 
 103 

apply all immediately available funds credited to the Administrative Agent Account or otherwise received by Administrative Agent for application to the Secured Obligations (x) to the extent such funds constitute US Collateral, in accordance with Section 2.18(b)(i) (other than in respect of Secured Hedging Obligations and Banking Services Obligations) and (y) to the extent such funds constitute European Collateral, in accordance with Section 2.18(b)(iii) (other than in respect of Secured Hedging Obligations and Banking Services Obligations). 
 
 (b) Mandatory Prepayments . 
 
 (i) Except for Protective Advances and Overadvances, on each day (including, on any Revaluation Date (after giving effect to the determination of the Outstanding Amount of each Revolving Loan and the LC Exposure)) on which (A) the Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure exceeds the US Line Cap, the US Borrower shall, within one Business Day following receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent, prepay Initial US Revolving Loans (or, if there are no Initial US Revolving Loans outstanding at the relevant time, Cash collateralize outstanding US Letters of Credit at 101 of the face amount thereof), in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce the Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure (calculated, for this purpose, as if any US LC Exposure so Cash collateralized is not Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure) such that the Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure does not exceed the US Line Cap, (B) reserved , (C) the Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure exceeds the European Line Cap, any European Borrower shall, within one Business Day following receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent, prepay Initial European Revolving Loans (or, if there are no Initial European Revolving Loans outstanding at such time, Cash collateralize outstanding European Letters of Credit at 102.5 (or, for any European Letter of Credit denominated in a currency other than Dollars, 103 of the face amount thereof), in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce the Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure (calculated, for this purpose, as if any European LC Exposure so Cash collateralized is not Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure) such that the Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure to the European Borrowers does not exceed the European Line Cap, or (D) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeds the Line Cap, the Lead Borrower shall, within one Business Day following receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent, prepay Revolving Loans (or, if there are no Revolving Loans outstanding at such time, Cash collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit at 101 of the face amount thereof), in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce the Total Revolving Credit Exposure (calculated, for this purpose, as if any LC Exposure so Cash collateralized is not Initial European Total Revolving Credit Exposure) such that the Total Revolving Credit Exposure does not exceed the Line Cap. 
 
 (ii) Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest as required by Section 2.13 . All prepayments of Borrowings under this Section 2.11(b) shall be subject to Section 2.16 , but shall otherwise be without premium or penalty. 
 
 (iii) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.11 to the contrary, funds received from or held by any European Loan Party or from the proceeds of European Collateral shall be applied only to the payment of European Obligations and shall not be applied to the payment of US Obligation. 
 
 Section 2.12 Fees. 
 
 (a) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Initial Revolving Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) a commitment fee, which shall accrue at a rate equal to the Commitment Fee Rate per annum on the average daily amount of the unused Initial Commitment of such Initial Revolving Lender (excluding, for purposes of determining unused Initial Commitments under this Section 2.12(a) , all then outstanding Swingline Loans) during the period from 
 104 

and including the Closing Date to the date on which such Initial Revolving Lender s Initial Commitments terminate. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December for the quarterly period then ended (commencing on September 30, 2016) and on the date on which the Initial Commitments terminate. 
 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.21 , the US Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participation in each US Letter of Credit, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to LIBO Rate SOFR Revolving Loans on the daily face amount of such Lender s US LC Exposure in respect of such US Letter of Credit (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements in respect of US Letters of Credit), during the period from and including the Closing Date to the later of the date on which such Lender s Initial US Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any US LC Exposure in respect of such US Letter of Credit and (ii) to each Issuing Bank, for its own account, a fronting fee, in respect of each US Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank for the period from the date of issuance of such US Letter of Credit to the expiration date of such US Letter of Credit (or if terminated on an earlier date, to the termination date of such US Letter of Credit), computed at a rate equal to the rate agreed by such Issuing Bank and the US Borrower (but in any event not to exceed 0.125 per annum) of the daily face amount of such US Letter of Credit, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any US Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. 
 
 (c) Reserved . 
 
 (d) Subject to Section 2.21 , the European Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participation in each European Letter of Credit, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to LIBO Rate SOFR Revolving Loans on the daily face amount of such Lender s European LC Exposure in respect of such European Letter of Credit (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements in respect of European Letters of Credit), during the period from and including the Closing Date to the later of the date on which such Lender s Initial European Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any European LC Exposure in respect of such European Letter of Credit and (ii) to each Issuing Bank, for its own account, a fronting fee, in respect of each European Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank for the period from the date of issuance of such European Letter of Credit to the expiration date of such European Letter of Credit (or if terminated on an earlier date, to the termination date of such European Letter of Credit), computed at a rate equal to the rate agreed by such Issuing Bank and the European Borrowers (but in any event not to exceed 0.125 per annum) of the daily face amount of such European Letter of Credit, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any European Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. 
 
 (e) Participation fees and fronting fees accrued to, but excluding, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December shall be payable in arrears for the quarterly period then ended on the last Business Day of such calendar quarter provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Initial Commitments terminate, and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Initial Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall be payable within 30 days after receipt of a written demand (accompanied by reasonable back-up documentation) therefor. 
 
 (f) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, the fees in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon by any Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing. 
 
 105 

(g) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars and in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances except as otherwise provided in any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent. Fees payable hereunder shall accrue through and including the last day of the month immediately preceding the applicable fee payment date. 
 
 (h) Unless otherwise indicated herein, all computations of fees shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and shall be payable for the actual days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Each determination by the Administrative Agent of a fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 
 Section 2.13 Interest. 
 
 (a) The Revolving Loans that are denominated in Dollars and comprise each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 
 (b) The Revolving Loans that are denominated in Dollars, Euros, Sterling or any Alternate Currency and comprise each LIBO Rate Borrowing shall bear interest at the LIBO Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 
 (c) Reserved The Revolving Loans that are denominated in Dollars and comprise each SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate . 
 
 (d) Reserved . 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to Section 2.21 , if any principal of or interest on any Revolving Loan, any LC Disbursement or any fee payable by any Borrower hereunder is not, in each case, paid or reimbursed when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, the relevant overdue amount shall bear interest, to the fullest extent permitted by law, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal or interest of any Revolving Loan or unreimbursed LC Disbursement, 2.00 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Revolving Loan or LC Disbursement as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section 2.13 , Section 2.05(h) or in the amendment to this Agreement relating thereto or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2.00 plus the rate applicable to Revolving Loans that are ABR Revolving Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section 2.13 provided that no amount shall accrue pursuant to this Section 2.13(e) on any overdue amount, reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement or other amount payable to a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. 
 
 (f) Accrued interest on each Revolving Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Revolving Loan and on the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date or upon the termination of the Commitments or any Additional Revolving Commitments, as applicable provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section 2.13 shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Revolving Loan or Additional Revolving Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the termination of the relevant revolving Commitments), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any LIBO Rate Revolving Loan or SOFR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Revolving Loan or Additional Revolving Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 
 (g) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed for ABR Revolving Loans shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 
 106 

366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate , Adjusted Term SOFR or LIBO Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Interest shall accrue on each Revolving Loan for the day on which the Revolving Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Revolving Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Revolving Loan or such portion is paid provided that any Revolving Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall bear interest for one day provided further that, in the case of any ABR Revolving Loan, interest shall accrue through and including the last day of the month preceding the applicable Interest Payment Date. 
 
 Section 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest Effect of Benchmark Transition Event Replacement Setting. 
 
 (a) . If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing 
 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the LIBO Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period or 
 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the LIBO Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period, as applicable, will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Revolving Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period 
 
 then the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Lead Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or facsimile as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Lead Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, which the Administrative Agent agrees promptly to do, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing shall be ineffective and such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing, as applicable (or, in the case of a pending request for a Borrowing denominated Euros, Sterling or in any Alternate Currency, the Lead Borrower and the Lenders shall establish a mutually acceptable alternative rate (which, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to Borrowings denominated in Sterling, may be the Central Bank Rate determined pursuant to clause (a)(y) of the definition of Daily Simple RFR)) on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, and (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing , such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing, as applicable (or, in the case of a pending request for a Borrowing denominated in Euros, Sterling or any Alternate Currency, the Lead Borrower and the Lenders shall establish a mutually acceptable alternative rate (which, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to Borrowings denominated in Sterling, may be the Central Bank Rate determined pursuant to clause (a)(y) of the definition of Daily Simple RFR)). 
 
 (b) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event (including any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes included in such amendment) or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current applicable Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-In Opt-in Election will become effective at 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Lead Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from 
 107 

Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of any then-current a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.14 (b) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 
 (c) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. No Hedge Agreement shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for the purposes of this Section 2.14. 
 
 (d) (c) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date and Benchmark Transition Start Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement , and (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Lead Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.14(e) and iv y the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Lead Borrower, Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14 (and any relevant defined terms) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection , will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14 . 
 
 (e) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 
 (f) (d) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Lead Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Lead Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Eurodollar LIBO Rate Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar SOFR Revolving Loans or LIBO Revolving Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Lead Borrower will be 
 108 

deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Revolving Loans. During any a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor , the component of ABR Alternate Base Rate based upon LIBOR the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR Alternate Base Rate . 
 
 Section 2.15 Increased Costs. 
 
 (a) If any Change in Law 
 
 (i) imposes, modifies or deems applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the LIBO Rate) or Issuing Bank, 
 
 (ii) subjects any Lender or Issuing Bank to any Taxes (other than Indemnified Taxes, Other Taxes and Excluded Taxes) on its loans, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto, or 
 
 (iii) imposes on any Lender or the Issuing Bank or the London interbank market any other condition affecting this Agreement or LIBO Rate Revolving Loans or SOFR Revolving Loans made by any Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein, 
 
 and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to the relevant Lender of making or maintaining any LIBO Rate Revolving Loan or SOFR Revolving Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Revolving Loan) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of any LIBO Rate Revolving Loan , SOFR Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit in an amount deemed by such Lender or Issuing Bank to be material, then, within 30 days after the Lead Borrower s receipt of the certificate contemplated by paragraph (c) of this Section 2.15 , the Lead Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered provided that the applicable Borrower shall not be liable for such compensation if (x) the relevant Change in Law occurs on a date prior to the date such Lender becomes a party hereto, (y) such Lender invokes Section 2.20 or (z) in the case of requests for reimbursement under clause (ii) above resulting from a market disruption, (A) the relevant circumstances are not generally affecting the banking market or (B) the applicable request has not been made by Lenders constituting Required Lenders. 
 
 (b) If any Lender or Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding liquidity or capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Revolving Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit, held by such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (other than due to Taxes) (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then within 30 days of receipt by the Lead Borrower of the certificate contemplated by paragraph (c) of this Section 2.15 the Lead Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 
 (c) A certificate of a Lender or Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or its holding company, as applicable, as specified 
 109 

in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.15 and setting forth in reasonable detail the manner in which such amount or amounts were determined and certifying that such Lender is generally charging such amounts to similarly situated borrowers shall be delivered to the Lead Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.15 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section 2.15 for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank notifies the Lead Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 
 Section 2.16 Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the conversion or prepayment of any principal of any LIBO Rate Revolving Loan or SOFR Revolving Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration or otherwise), (b) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any LIBO Rate Revolving Loan or SOFR Revolving Loan on the date or in the amount specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto or (c) the assignment of any LIBO Rate Revolving Loan or SOFR Revolving Loan of any Lender other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Lead Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 , then, in any such event, the Lead Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense incurred by such Lender that is attributable to such event (other than loss of profit). In the case of a LIBO Rate Revolving Loan, the loss, cost or expense of any Lender shall be the amount reasonably determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Revolving Loan had such event not occurred, at the LIBO Rate, that would have been applicable to such Revolving Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Revolving Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the applicable currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the Eurodollar market for bankers acceptances, as applicable it being understood that such loss, cost or expense shall in any case exclude any interest rate floor and all administrative, processing or similar fees. A certificate of any Lender (i) setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.16 , the basis therefor and, in reasonable detail, the manner in which such amount or amounts were determined and (ii) certifying that such Lender is generally charging the relevant amounts to similarly situated borrowers shall be delivered to the Lead Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Lead Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. 
 
 Section 2.17 Taxes. 
 
 (a) Any and all payments made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Requirements of Law. If any applicable Requirements of Law require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment, then (i) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax and or Other Tax, the amount payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all required deductions and withholdings have been made (including deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17 ), each Lender or, in the case of any payment made to the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent, 
 110 

receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made, (ii) the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, and (iii) such withholding agent shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law. 
 
 (b) In addition, and without duplication of other amounts payable by a Loan Party under this Section 2.17 , the Loan Parties shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, or, at the option of the Administrative Agent, timely reimburse it for the payment of any Other Taxes. 
 
 (c) Each Loan Party shall jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender within 10 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.17 (other than any penalties attributable to the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or such Lender as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), and, in each case, any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto provided that if such Loan Party reasonably believes that such Taxes were not correctly or legally asserted, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, will use reasonable efforts to cooperate with such Loan Party to obtain a refund of such Taxes (which shall be repaid to such Loan Party in accordance with Section 2.17(h) so long as such efforts would not, in the sole determination of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, result in any additional out-of-pocket costs or expenses not reimbursed by such Loan Party or be otherwise materially disadvantageous to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable. In connection with any request for reimbursement under this Section 2.17(c) , the relevant Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall deliver a certificate to the Lead Borrower setting forth, in reasonable detail, the basis and calculation of the amount of the relevant payment or liability, which certificate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.17(c) , the Loan Parties shall not be required to indemnify the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to this Section 2.17 for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, to the extent the Administrative Agent or such Lender fails to notify the Lead Borrower of such possible indemnification claim within 180 days after the Administrative Agent or such Lender receives written notice from the applicable taxing authority of the tax assessment giving rise to such indemnification claim. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 2.17(c) shall not apply to the extent that any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes are compensated for by any increased payment under Section 2.17(a) , or would have been compensated for by an increased payment under Section 2.17(a) , but were not so compensated solely because one of the exclusions set forth in Section 2.17(i) applied. 
 
 (d) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment under any Loan Document that is attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that no Loan Party has already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.05(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to any Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to any Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (d) . 
 111 

(e) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Where the payment is in connection with a UK Tax Deduction, the relevant form of receipt or return to be delivered by the Loan Party shall be a statement under section 975 of the UK ITA (or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to such Loan Party that the UK Tax Deduction has been made or (as applicable) any appropriate payment paid to HM Revenue & Customs). 
 
 (f) Status of Lenders. 
 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of any withholding Tax with respect to any payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation as the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law or reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 2.17(f)(ii), (f)(iii)(A), (iii)(B), (iii)(C) and (iii)(E) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 
 (ii) In the case of a Lender advancing a Loan to a UK Borrower 
 
 (1) Subject to Section 2.17(f)(ii)(2) below, a UK Treaty Lender and each Loan Party which makes a payment to which that UK Treaty Lender is entitled under such Loan to a UK Borrower shall co-operate in completing any procedural formalities necessary for that Loan Party to obtain authorization to make that payment without a UK Tax Deduction. 
 
 (2) (A) A UK Treaty Lender which becomes a Party on the day on which this Agreement is entered into that holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport Scheme and which wishes that scheme to apply to this Agreement shall confirm its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence opposite its name in Schedule 1.01(a) and (B) a UK Treaty Lender that is not a party to this Agreement on the date on which this Agreement is entered into that holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport Scheme and which wishes that scheme to apply to this Agreement, shall confirm its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in the Assignment and Assumption which it executes, or otherwise to the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent, or the UK Borrower in writing within fifteen (15) days of it becoming a party to this Agreement, and having done so, such UK Treaty Lender shall be under no obligation pursuant to paragraph (f)(i) or (f)(ii)(1) above. 
 
 112 

(3) If a UK Treaty Lender has confirmed its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with Section 2.17(f)(ii)(2) and a UK Borrower making a payment to that UK Treaty Lender has made a UK Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of that UK Treaty Lender, but (x) that UK Borrower DTTP Filing has been rejected by HM Revenue & Customs or (y) HM Revenue & Customs has not given the UK Borrower authority to make payments to that UK Treaty Lender without a UK Tax Deduction within sixty (60) days of the date of the UK Borrower DTTP Filing, and the relevant UK Borrower has notified that UK Treaty Lender in writing, then, in each case, that UK Treaty Lender and, in each case, the UK Borrower shall co-operate in completing any additional procedural formalities necessary for the UK Borrower to obtain authorization to make that payment without a UK Tax Deduction. 
 
 (4) If a UK Treaty Lender has not confirmed its scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with Section 2.17(f)(ii)(2) , no UK Borrower shall make a UK Borrower DTTP Filing or file any form relating to the HM Revenue & Customs DT Treaty Passport scheme in respect of that UK Treaty Lender s Commitment or its participation in any loan unless the UK Treaty Lender otherwise agrees. 
 
 (5) A UK Borrower shall promptly on making a Borrower DTTP Filing deliver a copy of that UK Borrower DTTP Filing to the relevant UK Treaty Lender. 
 
 (iii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 
 
 (A) each Lender that is not a Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 
 (B) each Foreign Lender making a Credit Extension, Overadvance or Protective Advance to the US Borrower shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 
 (1) in the case of any Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the U.S. is a party, two executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to such tax treaty 
 
 (2) two executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 
 (3) in the case of any Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit K-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Lead Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or 
 113 

(4) to the extent any Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, two executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit K-2 or Exhibit K-3 , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if such Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit K-4 on behalf of each such partner 
 
 (C) Each Foreign Lender that is not described in clause (B) above shall deliver to the to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two executed copies of IRS Form W-8 or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, certifying that it is not a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
 
 (D) each Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law to permit the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 
 (E) if a payment made to any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation as is prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA, or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 2.17(f)(ii)(D) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Restatement Effective Date. 
 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification, provide such successor form, or promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.17(f) , no Lender shall be required to provide any documentation that such Lender is not legally eligible to deliver. 
 
 (iv) A UK Non-Bank Lender hereby provides a Tax Confirmation to each UK Borrower by entering into this Agreement, and shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent if there is any change in the position from that set out in the UK Tax Confirmation. 
 114 

(v) Each Lender which becomes a party to this Agreement after the date of this Agreement (a New Lender shall, in relation to a UK Borrower, indicate in the Assignment and Assumption that it executes on becoming a party hereto or otherwise to the Lead Borrower, UK Borrower or Administrative Agent in writing within fifteen (15) days, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and without liability to any Loan Party, whether it is (1) a UK Qualifying Lender (other than a UK Treaty Lender), (2) not a UK Qualifying Lender or (3) a UK Treaty Lender. If a New Lender fails to indicate its status in accordance with this Section 2.17(f)(v), then such New Lender shall be treated for the purposes of this Agreement by the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party as if it was not a UK Qualifying Lender until such time as it notifies the Administrative Agent which category applies (and the Administrative Agent upon receipt of such notification, shall inform the Lead Borrower or the UK Borrower). For the avoidance of doubt, an Assignment and Assumption or other transfer of a Loan Document shall not be invalidated by any failure of a Lender to comply with this Section 2.17(f)(v). 
 
 (g) On or prior to the date on which the Administrative Agent becomes the Administrative Agent under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete), the Administrative Agent will deliver to the Lead Borrower either (i) an executed copy of IRS Form W-9, or (ii) (x) with respect to any amounts received on its own account, an executed copy of an applicable IRS Form W-8, and (y) with respect to any amounts received for or on account of any Lender, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8 IMY certifying on Part I, Part II and Part VI thereof that it is a U.S. branch that has agreed to be treated as a U.S. person for U.S. federal tax purposes with respect to payments received by it from the Lead Borrower in its capacity as Administrative Agent, as applicable. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lead Borrower at any time it determines that it is no longer in a position to provide the certification described in the prior sentence. 
 
 (h) If the Administrative Agent or any Lender determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it (or any member of its group) has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Loan Party or with respect to which such Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17 , it shall pay over such refund to such Loan Party (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Loan Party under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such Lender (including any Taxes imposed with respect to such refund), and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund) provided that such Loan Party, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Loan Party plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h) , in no event shall the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to a Loan Party pursuant to this paragraph (h) to the extent that the payment thereof would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the position that the Administrative Agent or such Lender would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This Section 2.17 shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes which it deems confidential) to the relevant Loan Party or any other Person. 
 
 (i) With respect to any Lender advancing a loan to a UK Borrower, a payment by a Loan Party in respect of an amount due from a UK Borrower shall not be increased under Section 2.17 (a) above by reason of a UK Tax Deduction, if on the date on which the payment falls due 
 115 

(i) the payment could have been made to the relevant Lender without a UK Tax Deduction if the Lender had been a UK Qualifying Lender, but on that date that Lender is not or has ceased to be a UK Qualifying Lender other than as a result of any change after the date it became a Lender under this Agreement in (or in the interpretation, administration or application of) any law or Treaty or any published practice or published concession of any relevant taxing authority 
 
 (ii) the relevant Lender is a UK Qualifying Lender solely by virtue of paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of UK Qualifying Lender and (A) an officer of HM Revenue & Customs has given (and not revoked) a direction (a Direction under section 931 of the UK ITA which relates to the payment and that Lender has received from the Loan Party making the payment a certified copy of that Direction, and (B) the payment could have been made to the Lender without any UK Tax Deduction if that Direction had not been made 
 
 (iii) the relevant Lender is a UK Qualifying Lender solely by virtue of paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of UK Qualifying Lender and (A) the relevant Lender has not given a UK Tax Confirmation to the UK Borrower, and (B) the payment could have been made to the Lender without any UK Tax Deduction if the Lender had given a UK Tax Confirmation to the UK Borrower, on the basis that the UK Tax Confirmation would have enabled the UK Borrower to have formed a reasonable belief that the payment was an excepted payment for the purposes of section 930 of the UK ITA or 
 
 (iv) the relevant Lender is a UK Treaty Lender and the UK Borrower making the payment is able to demonstrate that the payment could have been made to the Lender without the UK Tax Deduction had that Lender complied with its obligations under Section 2.17(f)(ii) , as applicable. 
 
 (j) VAT 
 
 (i) All amounts set out or expressed in a Loan Document to be payable by any party to this agreement (a Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender which (in whole or in part) constitute the consideration for any supply or supplies for VAT purposes shall be deemed to be exclusive of any VAT which is chargeable on such supply or supplies, and accordingly, subject to Section 2.17(i)(ii) below, if VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Lender or the Administrative Agent to any Party under a Loan Document and the Administrative Agent or any such Lender is required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT, that Party shall pay to the Administrative Agent or such Lender (in addition to and at the same time as paying any other consideration for such supply) an amount equal to the amount of such VAT (and such the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, shall promptly provide an appropriate VAT invoice to such Party). 
 
 (ii) If VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Administrative Agent or any Lender (the Supplier to any other of the Administrative Agent or any Lender (the Recipient under a Loan Document, and any Party other than the Recipient (the Subject Party is required by the terms of any Loan Document to pay an amount equal to the consideration for such supply to the Supplier (rather than being required to reimburse the Recipient in respect of that consideration) 
 
 (A) where the Supplier is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT, the Subject Party shall also pay to the Supplier (in addition to and at the same time as paying such amount) an amount equal to the amount of such VAT. The Recipient will, where this Section 2.17(i)(ii)(A) applies, promptly pay to the Subject Party an amount 
 116 

equal to any credit or repayment obtained by the Recipient from the relevant tax authority which the Recipient determines, in its sole discretion, relates to the VAT chargeable on the supply and 
 
 (B) where the Recipient is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT, the Subject Party shall promptly, following demand from the Recipient, pay to the Recipient an amount equal to the VAT chargeable on that supply but only to the extent that the Recipient reasonably determines that it is not entitled to credit or repayment from the relevant tax authority in respect of that VAT. 
 
 (iii) Where a Loan Document requires any Party to reimburse or indemnify the Administrative Agent or any Lender for any cost or expense, that Party shall reimburse or indemnify (as the case may be) the Administrative Agent or any such Lender for the full amount of such cost or expense, including such part thereof as represents VAT, save to the extent that the Administrative Agent or any such Lender reasonably determines that it is entitled to credit or repayment in respect of such VAT from the relevant tax authority. 
 
 (iv) Any reference in this Section 2.17(i) to any Party shall, at any time when such Party is treated as a member of a group or unity (or fiscal unity) for VAT purposes, include (where appropriate and unless the context otherwise requires) a reference to the person who is treated at that time as making the supply, or (as appropriate) receiving the supply, under the grouping rules (provided for in Article 11 of Council Directive 2006 112 EC or as implemented by the relevant member state of the European Union) or any other similar provision in any jurisdiction which is not a member state of the European Union) so that a reference to a Party shall be construed as a reference to that Party or the relevant group or unity (or fiscal unity) of which that Party is a member for VAT purposes at the relevant time or the relevant representative member (or head) of that group or unity (or fiscal unity) at the relevant time (as the case may be). 
 
 (v) In relation to any supply made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to any Party under a Loan Document, if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any such Lender, that Party must promptly provide details of its VAT registration and such other information as is reasonably requested in connection with the Administrative Agent s or any such Lender s VAT reporting requirements in relation to such supply 
 
 (k) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 
 (l) For purposes of this Section 2.17 , the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank. 
 
 Section 2.18 Payments Generally Allocation of Proceeds Sharing of Payments. 
 
 (a) Unless otherwise specified, each Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements or of amounts payable under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 , or otherwise) prior to the time expressed hereunder or under such Loan Document (or, if no time is expressly required, by 2 00 p.m.). Each such payment shall be made on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off (except as otherwise provided in Section 2.17 or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. If any payment to be made by any Borrower shall come 
 117 

due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent to the applicable account designated to the Lead Borrower by the Administrative Agent, except that payments to be made directly to the applicable Issuing Bank or to the Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except payments made pursuant to Sections 2.05(e)(i) , 2.12(b)(iii) and (iv) , 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. Each Lender agrees that in computing such Lender s portion of any Borrowing to be made hereunder, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, round such Lender s percentage of such Borrowing to the next higher or lower whole dollar amount. Unless other specified herein all payments (including any principal, accrued interest, fees or other obligations otherwise accruing or becoming due) hereunder shall be made in (w) Dollars, to the extent the Revolving Loan or LC Disbursement with respect thereto was denominated in Dollars, (x) Euros, to the extent the Revolving Loan or LC Disbursement with respect thereto was denominated in Euros (y) Sterling, to the extent the Revolving Loan or LC Disbursement with respect thereto was denominated in Sterling and (z) the applicable Alternate Currency, to the extent the Revolving Loan or LC Disbursement with respect thereto was denominated in such Alternate Currency. Any payment required to be made by the Administrative Agent hereunder shall be deemed to have been made by the time required if the Administrative Agent shall, at or before such time, have taken the necessary steps to make such payment in accordance with the regulations or operating procedures of the clearing or settlement system used by the Administrative Agent to make such payment. 
 
 (b) Subject in all respects to the provisions of the ABL Intercreditor Agreement (and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), (i)(i)all proceeds of US Collateral received by the Administrative Agent at any time when an Event of Default exists and all or any portion of the US Revolving Loans have been accelerated hereunder pursuant to Section 7.01 shall be applied first , to the payment of all costs and expenses then due incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with any collection, sale or realization on US Collateral or otherwise in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the US Secured Obligations, including all court costs and the fees and expenses of agents and legal counsel, the repayment of all advances made by the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document on behalf of any Loan Party and any other costs or expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document, second , on a pro rata basis, to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due to the Administrative Agent (other than those covered in clause first above) or any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender from the Borrowers constituting US Secured Obligations, third , on a pro rata basis in accordance with the amounts of the US Secured Obligations owed to the Secured Parties on the date of any such distribution, toward the payment of US Protective Advances and US Overadvances then due from the Borrowers constituting US Secured Obligations, fourth , on a pro rata basis in accordance with the amounts of the US Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has yet been made) owed to the Secured Parties on the date of any such distribution, to the payment in full of (x) the US Secured Obligations (other than US Secured Hedging Obligations and US Secured Banking Services Obligations) (including, with respect to US LC Exposure, an amount to be paid to the Administrative Agent equal to 100 of the US LC Exposure (minus the amount then on deposit in the US LC Collateral Account) on such date, to be held in the US LC Collateral Account as Cash collateral for such Obligations), (y) Designated Hedging Obligations constituting US Secured Obligations in an amount not to exceed the applicable Hedge Product Reserve and (z) Secured Banking Services Obligations constituting US Secured Obligations in an amount not to exceed to the applicable Banking Services Reserve provided that if any US Letter of Credit expires undrawn, then any Cash collateral held to secure the related US LC Exposure shall be applied in accordance with this Section 2.17(b) , beginning with clause first above, fifth , on a pro rata basis , to the payment in full of Secured Hedging Obligations and Secured Banking Services Obligations, in each case, constituting US Secured Obligations (other than 
 118 

those covered in clause fourth above), and sixth , to, or at the direction of, the Lead Borrower or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. 
 
 (i) Reserved . 
 
 (ii) All proceeds of European Collateral received by the Administrative Agent at any time when an Event of Default exists and all or any portion of the European Revolving Loans have been accelerated hereunder pursuant to Section 7.01 shall be applied first , to the payment of all costs and expenses then due incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with any collection, sale or realization on European Collateral or otherwise in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the European Secured Obligations, including all court costs and the fees and expenses of agents and legal counsel, the repayment of all advances made by the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document on behalf of any Loan Party and any other costs or expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document, second , on a pro rata basis, to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due to the Administrative Agent (other than those covered in clause first above) or any Issuing Bank from the Borrowers constituting European Secured Obligations, third , on a pro rata basis in accordance with the amounts of the European Secured Obligations owed to the Secured Parties on the date of any such distribution, toward the payment of European Protective Advances and European Overadvances then due from the Borrowers constituting European Secured Obligations fourth , on a pro rata basis in accordance with the amounts of the European Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has yet been made) owed to the Secured Parties on the date of any such distribution, to the payment in full of (x) the European Secured Obligations (other than European Secured Hedging Obligations and European Secured Banking Services Obligations) (including, with respect to European LC Exposure, an amount to be paid to the Administrative Agent equal to 100 of the European LC Exposure (minus the amount then on deposit in the European LC Collateral Account) on such date, to be held in the European LC Collateral Account as Cash collateral for such Obligations), (y) Designated Hedging Obligations constituting European Secured Obligations in an amount not to exceed the applicable Hedge Product Reserve and (z) Secured Banking Services Obligations constituting European Secured Obligations in an amount not to exceed the applicable Banking Services Reserve provided that if any European Letter of Credit expires undrawn, then any Cash collateral held to secure the related European LC Exposure shall be applied in accordance with this Section 2.17(b) , beginning with clause first above, fifth , on a pro rata basis , to the payment in full of Secured Hedging Obligations and Secured Banking Services Obligations, in each case, constituting European Secured Obligations (other than those covered in clause fourth above) and sixth , to, or at the direction of, the Lead Borrower or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. 
 
 (c) If any Lender obtains payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off or otherwise) in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements of any Class resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements of such Class and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender with Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements of such Class, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for Cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements of such Class at such time outstanding to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders of such Class ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving 
 119 

Loans or participations in LC Disbursements of such Class provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to (x) any payment made by any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by any Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Revolving Loans to any permitted assignee or participant, including any payment made or deemed made in connection with Sections 2.22 or 2.23 . If any Lender obtains payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through exercise of any right of set-off or otherwise) in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans of any Class that is junior in right of payment to any other Class of Loans that has not been repaid in full, such Lender shall promptly remit such payment to the Administrative Agent for application is accordance with clause (b). Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.18(c) and will, in each case, notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.18(c) shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. 
 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from any Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender or any Issuing Bank hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the applicable Lender or Issuing Lender the amount due. In such event, if the applicable Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each Lender or the applicable Issuing Bank severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate (or (A) reserved , (B) in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in Euros or Sterling, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in Euros, on an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by and (C) in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in any Alternate Currency, the Administrative Agent s customary rate for interbank advances in the Alternate Currency in which such Letter of Credit is denominated) and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 
 (e) If any Lender fails to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.07(b) or Section 2.18(d) , then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 
 
 Section 2.19 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders. 
 
 (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 or such Lender determines it can no longer make or maintain LIBO Rate Revolving Loans or SOFR Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.20 , or any Loan Party is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 , then such Lender shall 
 120 

use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Revolving Loans hereunder or its participations in any Letter of Credit affected by such event, or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17 , as applicable, in the future or mitigate the impact of Section 2.20 , as the case may be, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed out-of-pocket cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in any material respect. The applicable Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 
 (b) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 or such Lender determines it can no longer make or maintain LIBO Rate Revolving Loans or SOFR Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.20 , (ii) a Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Tax, Other Tax or additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 , (iii) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or (iv) in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby (or any other Class or group of Lenders other than the Required Lenders) with respect to which Required Lender consent (or the consent of Lenders holding loans or commitments of such Class or lesser group representing more than 50 of the sum of the total loans and unused commitments of such Class or lesser group at such time) has been obtained, as applicable, any Lender is a non-consenting Lender (each such Lender described in this clause (iv) , a Non-Consenting Lender ), then the Lead Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, (x) terminate the applicable Commitments and or Additional Revolving Commitments of such Lender, and repay (or cause to be repaid) all Obligations of the Borrowers owing to such Lender relating to the applicable Revolving Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date in an amount necessary to eliminate such excess or (y) replace such Lender by requiring such Lender to assign and delegate (and such Lender shall be obligated to assign and delegate), without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.05 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if any Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (A) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of its Revolving Loans and, if applicable, participations in LC Disbursements, in each case of such Class of Revolving Loans, Commitments and or Additional Revolving Commitments, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it under any Loan Document with respect to such Class of Revolving Loans, Commitments and or Additional Revolving Commitments, (B) in the case of any assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments and (C) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law. No Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) shall be required to make any such assignment and delegation, and the Borrowers may not repay the Obligations of such Lender or terminate its Commitments or Additional Revolving Commitments, if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each Lender agrees that if it is replaced pursuant to this Section 2.19 , it shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption to evidence such sale and purchase and shall deliver to the Administrative Agent any Promissory Note (if the assigning Lender s Revolving Loans are evidenced by one or more Promissory Notes) subject to such Assignment and Assumption provided that the failure of any Lender replaced pursuant to this Section 2.19 to execute an Assignment and Assumption or deliver any such Promissory Note shall not render such sale and purchase (and the corresponding assignment) invalid), such assignment shall be recorded in the Register, any such Promissory Note shall be deemed cancelled. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent (such appointment being coupled with an interest) as such Lender s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Lender and in the name of such Lender, from time to time in the Administrative Agent s discretion, with prior written notice to such Lender, to take any 
 121 

action and to execute any such Assignment and Assumption or other instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this clause (b) . 
 
 Section 2.21 Illegality . If any Lender reasonably determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted after the Closing Date that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Revolving Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Published LIBO Rate, SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Published LIBO Rate, SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of Dollars, Euros or Sterling in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Lead Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue LIBO Rate Revolving Loans or SOFR Revolving Loans in Dollars, Euros, Sterling or any Alternate Currency or to convert ABR Revolving Loans to LIBO Rate Revolving Loans or SOFR Revolving Loans shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Revolving Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Published LIBO Rate component clause (b) of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on which ABR Revolving Loans of such Lender, shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Published LIBO Rate component clause (b) of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist (which notice such Lender agrees to give promptly), in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist (which notice such Lender agrees to give promptly). Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Lead Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), (1) if applicable and such Revolving Loans are denominated in Dollars, prepay or convert all of such Lender s LIBO Rate SOFR Revolving Loans to ABR Revolving Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Revolving Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Published LIBO Rate component clause (b) of the Alternate Base Rate) or (2) if applicable and such Revolving Loans are denominated in Euros or Sterling or any Alternate Currency, convert such Revolving Loans to Revolving Loans bearing interest at an alternative rate mutually acceptable to the Lead Borrower and such Lender, in each case, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such LIBO Rate Revolving Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such LIBO Rate Revolving Loans (in which case the applicable Borrower shall not be required to make payments pursuant to Section 2.16 in connection with such payment) and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Published LIBO Rate, SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Alternate Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Published LIBO Rate component clause (b) thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Published LIBO Rate , SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, . Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the applicable Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. Each Lender agrees to designate a different lending office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the determination of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. 
 
 Section 2.21 Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 122 

(a) Fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of any Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and, subject to clause (d)(iv) below, on the participation of such Defaulting Lender in Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.12(b) , 2.12(c) or 2.12(d) and pursuant to any other provisions of this Agreement or other Loan Document. 
 
 (b) The Commitments and the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether all Lenders, each affected Lender, the Required Lenders, or such other number of Lenders as may be required hereby or under any other Loan Document have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any waiver, amendment or modification pursuant to Section 9.02 provided that any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender which affects such Defaulting Lender disproportionately and adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 
 (c) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of any Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 2.11 , Section 2.15 , Section 2.16 , Section 2.17 , Section 2.18 , Article 7 , Section 9.05 or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.09 ), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent and, where relevant, the Lead Borrower as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any applicable Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder third , if so reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent or reasonably requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, to be held as Cash collateral for future funding obligations of such Defaulting Lender in respect of any participation in any Letter of Credit fourth , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists as the Lead Borrower may request, to the funding of any Revolving Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement fifth , as the Administrative Agent or the Lead Borrower may elect, to be held in a deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of such Defaulting Lender to fund Revolving Loans under this Agreement sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the non-Defaulting Lenders, Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any non-Defaulting Lender, any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement seventh , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lead Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Lead Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Revolving Loan, Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Revolving Loan, Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure was made or created, as applicable, at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Revolving Loans of, and Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Revolving Loans of, or Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure owed to, such Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to any Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by any Defaulting Lender or to post Cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.21(c) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 
 (d) If any LC Exposure or Swingline Exposure exists at the time any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 
 123 

(i) all or any part of the LC Exposure or Swingline Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders of the applicable class in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of such class but only to the extent (A) the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures of any Class does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments in respect of such Class and (B) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any non-Defaulting Lender with respect to any Class does not exceed such non-Defaulting Lender s Commitment in respect of such Class 
 
 (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Lead Borrower shall, without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, within two Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent, (1) first, prepay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lenders Swingline Exposure and (2) second, Cash collateralize 100 of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to paragraph (i) above and any Cash collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender or pursuant to Section 2.21(c) above) or make other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and to the applicable Issuing Bank with respect to such LC Exposure and obligations to fund participations. Cash collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce LC Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly following (A) the elimination of the applicable LC Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of the Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 2.19 )) or (B) the Administrative Agent s good faith determination that there exists excess Cash collateral (including as a result of any subsequent reallocation of LC Exposure among non-Defaulting Lenders described in clause (i) above) 
 
 (iii) (A) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders of any Class is reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.21(d) , then the fees payable to the Lenders of such Class pursuant to Sections 2.12(a) and (b) , as the case may be, shall be adjusted to give effect to such reallocation and (B) if the LC Exposure of any Defaulting Lender of any Class is Cash collateralized pursuant to this Section 2.21(d) , then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the applicable Issuing Bank, any Lender in respect of such Class or any Borrower hereunder, no letter of credit fee shall be payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure in respect of such Class and 
 
 (iv) if any Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure in respect of any Class is not Cash collateralized, prepaid or reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.21(d) , then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the applicable Issuing Bank or any Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure of such Class shall be payable to the applicable Issuing Bank until such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure in respect of such Class is Cash collateralized or reallocated. 
 
 (e) So long as any Lender of any Class is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loans unless it is reasonably satisfied that the related exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and (ii) no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, extend, create, incur, amend or increase any Letter of Credit unless it is reasonably satisfied that the related exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders of such Class, Cash collateral provided pursuant to Section 2.21(c) and or Cash collateral provided by the applicable Borrower in accordance with Section 2.21(d) , and participating interests in any such or newly issued, extended or created Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders of the relevant Class in a manner consistent with Section 2.21(d)(i) (it being understood that Defaulting Lenders shall not participate therein). 
 
 124 

(f) In the event that the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower agree that any Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Applicable Percentage of LC Exposure or Swingline Exposure of the Lenders of the relevant Class shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment, and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Revolving Loans of the other Lenders or participations in Revolving Loans of such Class as the Administrative Agent shall determine as are necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Revolving Loans or participations in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the fact that any Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, (x) no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the applicable Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender and (y) except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 
 Section 2.22 Incremental Facilities. 
 
 (a) The Lead Borrower may, at any time, on one or more occasions pursuant to an Incremental Facility Agreement increase the aggregate amount of Commitments of any existing Class of Commitments (any such increase, an Incremental Revolving Facility and the loans thereunder, Incremental Revolving Loans provided that the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Revolving Facilities incurred after the Restatement Effective Date shall not exceed the Incremental Cap provided , further , that 
 
 (i) no Incremental Revolving Commitment may be less than 5,000,000 
 
 (ii) except as separately agreed from time to time between the Lead Borrower and any Lender, no Lender shall be obligated to provide any Incremental Revolving Commitment, and the determination to provide such commitments shall be within the sole and absolute discretion of such Lender 
 
 (iii) no Incremental Revolving Facility or Incremental Revolving Loan (or the creation, provision or implementation thereof) shall require the approval of any existing Lender other than in its capacity, if any, as a Lender providing all or part of any Incremental Revolving Commitment or Incremental Revolving Loan 
 
 (iv) the terms of each Incremental Revolving Facility will be substantially identical to those applicable to the Revolving Facility 
 
 (v) Except as otherwise agreed by the lenders providing the relevant Incremental Facility in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted by the terms of this Agreement, no Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to such Incremental Revolving Facility 
 
 (vi) the proceeds of any Incremental Revolving Facility may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes and any other use not prohibited by this Agreement and 
 
 (vii) at no time shall there be more than three separate Maturity Dates in effect with respect to any existing Additional Revolving Facility at any time. 

125 

(b) Incremental Revolving Commitments may be provided by any existing Lender, or by any other lender (other than any Disqualified Institution) (any such other lender being called an Additional Revolving Lender provided that the Administrative Agent and any Issuing Bank shall have consented (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) to the relevant Additional Revolving Lender s provision of Incremental Revolving Commitments if such consent would be required under Section 9.05(b) for an assignment of Revolving Loans to such Additional Revolving Lender. 
 
 (c) Each Lender or Additional Revolving Lender providing a portion of any Incremental Revolving Commitment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower all such documentation (including the relevant Incremental Revolving Facility Agreement) as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to evidence and effectuate such Incremental Revolving Commitment. On the effective date of such Incremental Revolving Commitment, each Additional Revolving Lender shall become a Lender for all purposes in connection with this Agreement. 
 
 (d) As a condition precedent to the effectiveness of any Incremental Revolving Facility or the making of any Incremental Revolving Loans, (i) upon its reasonable request, the Administrative Agent shall have received customary written opinions of counsel, as well as such reaffirmation agreements, supplements and or amendments as it shall reasonably require, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received, from each Additional Revolving Lender, an Administrative Questionnaire and such other documents as it shall reasonably require from such Additional Revolving Lender, (iii) the Administrative Agent and Lenders shall have received all fees required to be paid in respect of such Incremental Revolving Facility or Incremental Revolving Loans and (iv) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the applicable Borrower signed by a Responsible Officer thereof 
 
 (A) certifying and attaching a copy of the resolutions adopted by the governing body of the applicable Borrower approving or consenting to such Incremental Revolving Facility or Incremental Revolving Loans, and 
 
 (B) to the extent applicable, certifying that the condition set forth in clause (a)(x) above has been satisfied. 
 
 (e) (i) Each Lender of the applicable class immediately prior to such increase will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each relevant Incremental Revolving Facility Lender, and each relevant Incremental Revolving Facility Lender will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assumed a portion of such Lender s participations hereunder in outstanding Swingline Loans, US Letters of Credit and or European Letters of Credit, as applicable, such that, after giving effect to each deemed assignment and assumption of participations, all of the Lenders (including each Incremental Revolving Facility Lender) participations hereunder in Swingline Loans, US Letters of Credit and or European Letters of Credit, as applicable, shall be held on a pro rata basis on the basis of their respective Commitments of the applicable class (after giving effect to any increase in the Commitment pursuant to Section 2.22 and (ii) the existing Lenders of the applicable Class shall assign Revolving Loans to certain other Lenders of such Class (including the Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Revolving Facility), and such other Lenders (including the Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Revolving Facility) shall purchase such Revolving Loans, in each case to the extent necessary so that all of the Lenders of such Class participate in each outstanding borrowing of Revolving Loans pro rata on the basis of their respective Commitments of such Class (after giving effect to any increase in the Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.22 it being understood and agreed that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to this clause (e) . 
 
 126 

(f) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any Incremental Facility Agreement and any other amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Loan Parties as may be necessary in order to establish new tranches or sub tranches in respect of Revolving Loans or commitments increased or extended pursuant to this Section 2.22 and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers in connection with the establishment of such new tranches or sub tranches, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.22 . 
 
 (g) Notwithstanding to the contrary in this Section 2.22 or in any other provision of any Loan Document, if the proceeds on the date of effectiveness of any Incremental Revolving Facility are intended to be applied to finance an acquisition and the Lenders or Additional Lenders providing such Incremental Revolving Facility so agree, the availability thereof shall be subject to customary SunGard or certain funds conditionality consisting of an increase in an existing Commitment, the sublimits applicable to Letters of Credit shall increase by an amount, if any, agreed upon by Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lead Borrower. 
 
 (h) This Section 2.22 shall supersede any provision in Section 2.18 or 9.02 to the contrary. 
 
 Section 2.23 Extensions of Revolving Loans and Commitments 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer made from time to time by the applicable Borrower or Borrowers to all Lenders holding Revolving Loans of any Class or Commitments of any Class, in each case on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the respective Revolving Loans or Commitments of such Class) and on the same terms to each such Lender, the Borrowers are hereby permitted from time to time to consummate transactions with any individual Lender who accepts the terms contained in any such Extension Offer to extend the Maturity Date of such Lender s Revolving Loans and or commitments and otherwise modify the terms of such Revolving Loans and or commitments pursuant to the terms of the relevant Extension Offer (including by increasing the interest rate or fees payable in respect of such Revolving Loans and or commitments (and related outstandings) and or modifying the amortization schedule in respect of such Revolving Loans) (each, an Extension , and each group of Revolving Loans or commitments, as applicable, in each case as so extended, as well as the original Revolving Loans and the original commitments (in each case not so extended), being a tranche any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall constitute a separate tranche of revolving commitments from the tranche of revolving commitments from which they were converted), so long as the following terms are satisfied 
 
 (i) except as to (x) interest rates, fees and final maturity (which shall be determined by the applicable Borrower and any Lender who agrees to an Extension and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer), (y) terms applicable to such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Loans (each as defined below) that are more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Loans than those contained in the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent i.e ., by conforming or adding a term to the then-outstanding Revolving Loans pursuant to the applicable Extension Amendment), and (z) any covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Revolving Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of such Extension), the commitment of any Lender that agrees to an Extension (an Extended Revolving Credit Commitment and the Revolving Loans thereunder, Extended Revolving Loans and each Class of Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, an Extended Revolving Facility ), and the related outstandings, shall be a revolving commitment (or related outstandings, as the 
 127 

case may be) with the same terms (or terms not less favorable to existing Lenders) as the original revolving commitments (and related outstandings) provided hereunder provided that (x) to the extent any non-extended portion of any Additional Revolving Facility then exists, (1) the borrowing and repayment (except for (A) payments of interest and fees at different rates on such revolving facilities (and related outstandings), (B) repayments required upon the Maturity Date of such revolving facilities and (C) repayments made in connection with any permanent repayment and termination of commitments (subject to clause (3) below)) of Extended Revolving Loans after the effective date of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with such portion of the relevant Additional Revolving Facility, (2) all letters of credit made or issued, as applicable, under any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Lenders and (3) the permanent repayment of Revolving Loans with respect to, and termination of commitments under, any such Extended Revolving Credit Commitment after the effective date of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with such portion of any Additional Revolving Facility, except that the applicable Borrower shall be permitted to permanently repay and terminate commitments of any such revolving facility on a greater than pro rata basis as compared with any other revolving facility with a later Maturity Date than such revolving facility and (y) at no time shall there be more than three separate Classes of revolving commitments hereunder (including Incremental Revolving Commitments, Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and Replacement Revolving Facilities) 
 
 (ii) no Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Loans shall have a final maturity date earlier than (or require commitment reductions prior to) the then applicable Latest Revolving Loan Maturity Date 
 
 (iii) if the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans or commitments, as the case may be, in respect of which Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer exceeds the maximum aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans or commitments, as the case may be, offered to be extended by the applicable Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Revolving Loans or commitments, as the case may be, of such Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer 
 
 (iv) each Extension shall be in a minimum amount of 5,000,000 
 
 (v) any applicable Minimum Extension Condition shall be satisfied or waived by the applicable Borrower and 
 
 (vi) all documentation in respect of such Extension shall be consistent with the foregoing. 
 
 (b) With respect to any Extension consummated pursuant to this Section 2.23 , (i) no such Extension shall constitute a voluntary or mandatory prepayment for purposes of Section 2.11 , and (ii) except as set forth in clause (a)(iv) above, no Extension Offer is required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum increment provided that the applicable Borrower may, at its election, specify as a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition to consummating such Extension that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Extension Offer in the applicable Borrower s sole discretion and which may be waived by the applicable Borrower) of Revolving Loans or commitments (as applicable) of any or all applicable tranches be tendered. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the transactions contemplated by this Section 2.23 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any tranche of Extended Revolving 
 128 

Credit Commitments on such terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision of this Agreement (including Section 2.10 , 2.11 or 2.18 or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any Extension or any other transaction contemplated by this Section 2.23 . 
 
 (c) No consent of any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be required to effectuate any Extension, other than the consent of each Lender agreeing to such Extension with respect to one or more of its Revolving Loans and or commitments under any Class (or a portion thereof). All Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and all obligations in respect thereof shall constitute Secured Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are secured by the applicable Collateral and guaranteed on a pari passu basis with all other applicable Secured Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any Extension Amendments and any other Loan Documents with the Loan Parties as may be necessary in order to establish new tranches or sub-tranches in respect of Revolving Loans or commitments so extended and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new tranches or sub-tranches, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.23 . 
 
 (d) In connection with any Extension, the applicable Borrower or Borrowers shall provide the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures (including regarding timing, rounding and other adjustments and to ensure reasonable administrative management of the credit facilities hereunder after such Extension), if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.23 . 
 
 ARTICLE 3 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 On the dates and to the extent required pursuant to Section 4.01 or 4.02 , as applicable, each of (i) in the case of Holdings, solely with respect to Sections 3.01 , 3.02 , 3.03 , 3.07 , 3.08 , 3.09 , 3.13 , 3.14 , 3.16 and 3.17 , and (ii) each of the Borrowers hereby represent and warrant to the Lenders that 
 
 Section 3.01 Organization Powers . Each of the Loan Parties and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a) is (i) duly organized (or incorporated, as applicable) and validly existing and (ii) in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (b) has all requisite organizational power and authority to own its property and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted and (c) is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) in, every jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or conduct of its business requires such qualification except, in each case referred to in this Section 3.01 (other than clause (a)(i) with respect to the Borrowers and clause (b) with respect to the Loan Parties) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.02 Authorization Enforceability . The execution, delivery and performance of each of the Loan Documents are within each applicable Loan Party s corporate or other organizational power and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action of such Loan Party. Each Loan Document to which any Loan Party is a party has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the Legal Reservations. 
 
 129 

Section 3.03 Governmental Approvals No Conflicts . The execution and delivery of the Loan Documents by each Loan Party party thereto and the performance by such Loan Party thereof (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) in connection with the applicable Perfection Requirements and (iii) such consents, approvals, registrations, filings, or other actions the failure to obtain or make which would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate any (i) of such Loan Party s Organizational Documents or (ii) Requirements of Law applicable to such Loan Party which violation, in the case of this clause (b)(ii) , would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) will not violate or result in a default under any other material Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party which violation, in the case of this clause (c) , would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.04 Financial Condition No Material Adverse Effect . 
 
 (a) The financial statements most recently provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable, present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Lead Borrower on a consolidated basis as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, (x) except as otherwise expressly noted therein, (y) subject, in the case of financial statements provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a) , to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments and (z) except as may be necessary to reflect any differing entities and organizational structure prior to giving effect to the Transactions. 
 
 (b) Since the Closing Date, there have been no events, developments or circumstances that have had, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.05 Properties . 
 
 (a) As of the Closing Date, Schedule 3.05 sets forth the address of each Real Estate Asset (or each set of such assets that collectively comprise one operating property) that is owned in fee simple by any Loan Party. 
 
 (b) The Lead Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries have good and valid fee simple title to or rights to purchase, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all of their respective Real Estate Assets and have good title to their personal property and assets, in each case, except (i) for defects in title that do not materially interfere with their ability to conduct their business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties and assets for their intended purposes or (ii) where the failure to have such title would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All such properties and assets are free and clear of Liens, other than Permitted Liens. 
 
 (c) Each Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries own or otherwise have a license or right to use all rights in Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and other rights in works of authorship (including all copyrights embodied in software) and all other intellectual property rights IP Rights used to conduct the businesses of such Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as presently conducted without, to the knowledge of the relevant Borrower, any infringement, dilution, or misappropriation or other violation of the IP Rights of third parties, except to the extent such failure to own or license or have rights to use would not, or where such infringement, misappropriation or violation would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.06 Litigation and Environmental Matters . 
 130 

(a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Lead Borrower, threatened in writing against or affecting the Loan Parties or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (b) Except for any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) no Loan Party nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is subject to or has received notice of any Environmental Claim or any Environmental Liability, and (ii) no Loan Party nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law. 
 
 (c) Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has treated, stored, transported or Released any Hazardous Materials on, at or from any currently or formerly operated real estate or facility and no Hazardous Materials are otherwise present at any currently owned or operated real estate or facility, in either case, in a manner that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.07 Compliance with Laws . Each of Holdings, the Borrowers and their Restricted Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Requirements of Law applicable to it or its property, except, in each case where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.08 Investment Company Status . No Loan Party is an investment company as defined in, or is required to be registered under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 
 Section 3.09 Taxes . Each of Holdings, the Borrowers and each of their Restricted Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it that are due and payable, including in its capacity as a withholding agent, except (a) Taxes (or any requirement to file Tax returns with respect thereto) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which Holdings, such Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to file or pay, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.10 ERISA . 
 
 (a) Each Plan is in compliance in form and operation with its terms and with ERISA and the Code and all other applicable laws and regulations, except where any failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (b) No ERISA Event has occurred and is continuing or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 3.11 Disclosure . As of the Restatement Effective Date, all written information (other than forward-looking information and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) concerning Holdings, the Borrowers and their Restricted Subsidiaries and the Transactions and that was prepared by or on behalf of Holdings or its subsidiaries or their respective representatives and made available to any Lender or the Administrative Agent in connection with the Transactions on or before the Closing Date (the Information ), when taken as a whole, did not, when furnished, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the 
 131 

statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements are made (after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto from time to time). 
 
 Section 3.12 Solvency . As of the Closing Date, immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Closing Date and the incurrence of Indebtedness and obligations on the Closing Date in connection with this Agreement, (i) the sum of the debt (including contingent liabilities) of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, does not exceed the fair value of the assets of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (ii) the present fair saleable value of the assets of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liabilities of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on their debts as they become absolute and matured (iii) the capital of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not unreasonably small in relation to the business of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, contemplated as of the Closing Date and (iv) the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, do not intend to incur, or believe that they will incur, debts (including current obligations and contingent liabilities) beyond their ability to pay such debts as they mature in the ordinary course of business. For the purposes hereof, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liability meets the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 5). 
 
 Section 3.13 Capitalization and Subsidiaries . Schedule 3.13 sets forth, in each case as of the Closing Date, (a) a correct and complete list of the name of each subsidiary of Holdings and the ownership interest therein held by Holdings or its applicable subsidiary and (b) the type of entity of each Loan Party and each subsidiary of Holdings with respect to which a portion of such subsidiary s equity is pledged by a Loan Party as Collateral. 
 
 Section 3.14 Security Interest in Collateral . Subject to any limitations and exceptions set forth in any Loan Document, the Legal Reservations, the Perfection Requirements, the provisions of this Agreement and the other relevant Loan Documents, the Collateral Documents create legal, valid and enforceable Liens on all of the Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of itself and the other Secured Parties, and upon the satisfaction of the Perfection Requirements, such Liens constitute perfected Liens (with the priority that such Liens are expressed to have under the relevant Collateral Documents, unless otherwise permitted hereunder or under any Collateral Document) on the Collateral (to the extent such Liens are required to be perfected under the terms of the Loan Documents) securing the Secured Obligations, in each case as and to the extent set forth therein. 
 
 Section 3.15 Labor Disputes . Except as individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (a) there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, threatened by any union or labor organization purporting to act as exclusive bargaining representative and (b) the hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign law dealing with such matters. 
 
 Section 3.16 Federal Reserve Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Revolving Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that results in a violation of the provisions of Regulation U or X. 
 
 Section 3.17 Economic and Trade Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws . 
 132 

(a) (i) None of Holdings, the Borrowers nor any of their Restricted Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, any director, officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of any of the foregoing is (A) a person on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or (B) currently the subject of any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department OFAC or the U.S. State Department (collectively, Sanctions and (ii) the Borrowers will not directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person, for the purpose of financing activities of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such financing, is the subject of any Sanctions, except to the extent permissible for a Person required to comply with Sanctions. 
 
 (b) To the extent applicable, each Loan Party is in compliance in all material respects with (i) each of the foreign assets control regulations of the U.S. Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V), and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, (ii) the USA PATRIOT Act and, to its knowledge, other anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering laws of the U.S., and (iii) the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA ). 
 
 (c) No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to improperly obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the FCPA. 
 
 (d) The representations and warranties contained in this Section 3.17 shall only apply to the extent that it would not result in any violation of or conflict with Council Regulation (EC) No 2271 96 of 22 November 1996, section 7 of the German Foreign Trade Ordinance (Au enwirtschaftsverordnung) or any similar anti-boycott law or regulation. 
 
 Section 3.18 Borrowing Base Certificates . The information set forth in each Borrowing Base Certificate is true and correct in all material respects and has been prepared in all material respects in the accordance with the requirements of this Agreement. The Accounts that are identified by the applicable Borrower as Eligible Accounts and the Inventory that is identified by the applicable Borrower as Eligible Inventory, in each Borrowing Base Certificate submitted to the Administrative Agent, at the time of submission, comply in all material respects with the criteria (other than any criteria subject to the discretion of the Administrative Agent) set forth in the definitions of Eligible Accounts and Eligible Inventory , respectively. 
 
 Section 3.19 Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts . Attached hereto as Schedule 3.19 is a schedule of all deposit accounts and securities accounts maintained by the Loan Parties as of the Closing Date in which the applicable Loan Party customarily maintains amounts in excess of 25,000, which schedule identifies those deposit accounts and securities accounts that are Excluded Accounts. 
 
 Section 3.20 UK Pensions . Other than in respect of the UK DB Plan, no UK Loan Party is or has at any time been (i) an employer (for the purposes of sections 38 to 51 of the Pensions Act 2004 (UK)) of an occupational pension scheme which is not a money purchase scheme (both terms as defined in the Pension Schemes Act 1993(UK)) or (ii) connected with or an associate (as those terms are used in sections 38 and 43 of the Pensions Act 2004 (UK) of such an employer. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 
 
 CONDITIONS 
 
 133 

Section 4.01 Closing Date . The obligations of any Lender to make Revolving Loans and each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02 
 
 (a) Credit Agreement and Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each US Loan Party party thereto (i) a counterpart signed by each such Loan Party (or written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include a copy transmitted by facsimile or other electronic method) that such party has signed a counterpart) of (A) this Agreement, (B) the US Security Agreement, (C) any Intellectual Property Security Agreement required pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, (D) the Loan Guaranty, (E) any Promissory Note requested by a Lender at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date and (F) the ABL Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) if applicable, a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03 . 
 
 (b) Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a customary written opinion of Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP, in its capacity as special counsel for Holdings, the Borrowers and any Subsidiary Guarantors, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (ii) a customary written opinion of Babst Calland, in its capacity as special counsel for the US Borrower and any Subsidiary Guarantors organized under the laws of Pennsylvania, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 
 (c) Financial Statements and Pro Forma Financial Statements . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) an audited balance sheet and audited statements of income and cash flows of each of the Lead Borrower and Eco Services as of the end of and for each of the three most recent Fiscal Years ending more than 90 days prior to the Closing Date, (ii) unaudited balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of each of the Lead Borrower and Eco Services for each Fiscal Quarter ending after December 31, 2015 and at least 45 days prior to the Closing Date and (iii) a pro forma consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower as of December 31, 2015, prepared after giving effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred as of such date provided , that (A) each such pro forma financial statement shall be prepared in good faith by the Lead Borrower and (B) no such pro forma financial statement shall be required to include adjustments for purchase accounting (including adjustments of the type contemplated by Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business Combinations (formerly SFAS 141R)). 
 
 (d) Closing Certificates Certified Charters Good Standing Certificates . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each US Loan Party, dated the Closing Date and executed by a secretary, assistant secretary or other senior officer (as the case may be) thereof, which shall (A) certify that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the resolutions or written consents of its shareholders, board of directors, board of managers, members or other governing body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the US Borrower, the borrowings hereunder, and that such resolutions or written consents have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect, (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers, managers, directors or authorized signatories of such Loan Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it is a party on the Closing Date and (C) certify (x) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation or organization (or memorandum of association or other equivalent thereof) of such US Loan Party certified by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such US Loan Party and a true and correct copy of its by-laws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement and (y) that such documents or agreements have not been amended (except as otherwise attached to such certificate and certified therein as being the only amendments thereto as of such date) and (ii) a good standing (or equivalent if applicable) certificate as of a recent date for such US Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization. 
 
 134 

(e) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in Article III hereof and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date provided that to the extent that any representation and warranty specifically refers to a given date or period, it shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date or for such period provided , further , that any representation or warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. 
 
 (f) Fees . Prior to or substantially concurrently with the funding of the Initial Revolving Loans hereunder on the Closing Date (if any), the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) all fees required to be paid by the Lead Borrower on the Closing Date pursuant to the Fee Letter and (ii) all expenses required to be paid by the Lead Borrower for which invoices have been presented at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date or such later date to which the Lead Borrower may agree (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel), in each case on or before the Closing Date, which amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the Initial Revolving Loans. 
 
 (g) Solvency . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate dated as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit L from the chief financial officer (or other officer with reasonably equivalent responsibilities) of the Lead Borrower certifying as to the matters set forth therein. 
 
 (h) Perfection Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a completed Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of each US Loan Party, together with all attachments contemplated thereby. 
 
 (i) Pledged Stock Stock Powers Pledged Notes . Subject to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, the Administrative Agent (or the Term Loan Administrative Agent, as its bailee) shall have received (i) the certificates representing the Capital Stock required to be pledged pursuant to the US Security Agreement, together with an undated stock or similar power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof, and (ii) each Material Debt Instrument (if any) endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the pledgor thereof. 
 
 (j) Filings Registrations and Recordings . Subject to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, each document (including any UCC (or similar) financing statement) required by any Collateral Document or under law to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral required to be delivered pursuant to such Collateral Document, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Permitted Liens), shall have been received by the Administrative Agent and be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation. 
 
 (k) Reserved . 
 
 (l) Material Adverse Effect . Since December 31, 2015, no Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred. 
 
 (m) USA PATRIOT Act . No later than three Business Days in advance of the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and other information reasonably requested by any Lender that is party hereto on the Closing Date in writing with respect to any Loan Party at least ten days in advance of the Closing Date, which documentation or other information is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 135 

(n) Officer s Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer or director of the Lead Borrower certifying as of the Closing Date to the matters set forth in Section 4.01(e) and Section 4.01(l) . 
 
 (o) US Borrowing Base Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a US Borrowing Base Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date and prepared as of February 29, 2016. 
 
 For purposes of determining whether the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 have been satisfied on the Closing Date, by releasing its signature page hereto, the Administrative Agent and each Lender that has executed this Agreement (or an Assignment and Assumption on the Closing Date) shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted, or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be. 
 
 Section 4.02 Each Credit Extension . After the Closing Date, the obligation of each Lender to make any Credit Extension (other than any LC Reimbursement Loan) is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 
 (a) (i) In the case of any Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03 , or (ii) in the case of the issuance of any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent shall have received a Letter of Credit Request as required by Section 2.05(b) . 
 
 (b) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of any such Credit Extension with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the date of such Credit Extension provided that to the extent that any representation and warranty specifically refers to a given date or period, it shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date or for such period provided, further, that any representation or warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. 
 
 (c) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Credit Extension, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 (d) After giving effect to the Credit Extension, (i) the Borrowing Base exceeds the Total Revolving Credit Exposure, (ii) the US Borrowing Base exceeds the Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure and (iii) the European Borrowing Base exceeds the Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 
 (e) After giving effect to the such Credit Extension, (i) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure does not exceed the Borrowing Base, (ii) in the case of any US Revolving Loan or US Letter of Credit, the Initial US Revolving Credit Exposure does not exceed the US Borrowing Base, and (iii) in the case of any European Revolving Loan or European Letter of Credit, the Initial European Revolving Credit Exposure does not exceed the European Borrowing Base. 
 
 Each Credit Extension shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the applicable Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Section. 
 
 ARTICLE 5 
 136 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 From the Closing Date until the date that all the Commitments and any Additional Revolving Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Revolving Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under any Loan Document (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim or demand has been made) have been paid in full in Cash and all Letters of Credit have expired or have been terminated (or have been collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit or otherwise in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank) and all LC Disbursements have been reimbursed (such date, the Termination Date ), (i) in the case of Holdings, solely with respect to Sections 5.01 , 5.02 , 5.03 , 5.08 and 5.12 , and (ii) the Lead Borrower hereby covenant and agree with the Lenders that 
 
 Section 5.01 Financial Statements and Other Reports. The Lead Borrower will deliver to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender 
 
 (a) Quarterly Financial Statements . Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending on or around June 30, 2021 (or, if later, as required or permitted by the SEC), the consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Lead Borrower for such Fiscal Quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current Fiscal Year to the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and setting forth (commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending on or around June 30, 2021), in reasonable detail, in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding periods of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, together with a Responsible Officer Certification (which may be included in the applicable Compliance Certificate) with respect thereto and, at the option of the Lead Borrower, either (i) a Narrative Report with respect thereto (which may be satisfied by any Parent Company s Form 10-Q report) or (ii) a conference call with the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, which call shall be held after delivery of the applicable financial statements, during normal business hours and otherwise at a time mutually agreed between the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent for the applicable Fiscal Quarter (which may be satisfied by any investors earnings release call by any Parent Company) 
 
 (b) Annual Financial Statements . Within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year (or, if later, as required or permitted by the SEC), (i) the consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower as at the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Lead Borrower for such Fiscal Year and setting forth (commencing with the Fiscal Year ending on or around December 31, 2021), in reasonable detail, in comparative form the corresponding figures for the previous Fiscal Year and (ii) with respect to such consolidated financial statements, (A) a report thereon from the Lead Borrower s certified public accountant or any nationally recognized independent certified public accountant of recognized national standing (which report shall be unqualified as to going concern (other than resulting from the impending maturity of any Indebtedness or any actual or prospective breach of any financial covenant) and scope of audit, and shall state that such consolidated financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Lead Borrower as at the dates indicated and its income and cash flows for the periods indicated in conformity with GAAP) and (B) at the option of the Lead Borrower, either (i) a Narrative Report with respect to such Fiscal Year (which may be satisfied by any Parent Company s Form 10-K report), or (ii) a conference call with the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, which call shall be held after delivery of the applicable financial statements, during normal business hours and otherwise at a time mutually agreed between the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent for the applicable Fiscal Year (which may be satisfied by any investors earnings release call by any Parent Company) 
 
 137 

(c) Compliance Certificate . Together with each delivery of financial statements of the Lead Borrower pursuant to Sections 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) , (i) a duly executed and completed Compliance Certificate certifying that no Default or Event of Default exists (or if a Default or Event of Default exists, describing in reasonable detail such Default or Event of Default and the steps being taken to cure, remedy or waive the same), and (ii) (A) a summary of the pro forma or consolidating adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such financial statements and (B) a list identifying any change or addition of any subsidiary of the Lead Borrower as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as of the date of delivery of such Compliance Certificate or confirming that there is no change in such information since the later of the Closing Date and the date of the last such list 
 
 (d) Reserved 
 
 (e) Notice of Default . Promptly upon, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after, any Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower obtaining knowledge of (i) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default or (ii) the occurrence of any event or change that has caused or evidences or would reasonably be expected to cause or evidence, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, a reasonably-detailed notice specifying the nature and period of existence of such condition, event or change and what action the Lead Borrower has taken, is taking and proposes to take with respect thereto 
 
 (f) Notice of Litigation . Promptly upon, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after, any Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower obtaining knowledge of (i) the institution of, or threat of, any Adverse Proceeding not previously disclosed in writing by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or (ii) any material development in any Adverse Proceeding that, in the case of either of clause (i) or (ii) , would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, written notice thereof from the Lead Borrower together with such other non-privileged information as may be reasonably available to the Loan Parties to enable the Lenders to evaluate such matters 
 
 (g) ERISA . Promptly upon, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after, any Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower becoming aware of the occurrence of any ERISA Event that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, a written notice specifying the nature thereof 
 
 (h) Annual Collateral Verification . Together with the delivery of each Compliance Certificate provided with the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(b) , a Perfection Certificate Supplement 
 
 (i) Information Regarding Collateral . Within sixty (60) days of the relevant change, written notice of any change (a) in any Loan Party s legal name, (b) in any Loan Party s type of organization, (c) in any Loan Party s jurisdiction of organization or (d) in any Loan Party s organizational identification number (if any), in the case of this clause (iv) , to the extent such information is necessary to enable the Administrative Agent to perfect or maintain the perfection and priority of its security interest in the Collateral of the relevant Loan Party, together with a certified copy of the applicable Organizational Document reflecting the relevant change 
 
 (j) Environmental Matters . Prompt (and in any event within five (5) Business Days after any Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower obtaining knowledge thereof) written notice of any Release or other Hazardous Material Activity that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 
 138 

(k) Certain Reports . Promptly upon their becoming available and without duplication of any obligations with respect to any such information that is otherwise required to be delivered under the provisions of any Loan Document, copies of (i) following an initial public offering, all financial statements, reports, notices and proxy statements sent or made available generally by Holdings or its applicable Parent Company to its security holders acting in such capacity and (ii) all regular and periodic reports and all registration statements (other than on Form S-8 or a similar form) and prospectuses, if any, filed by Holdings or its applicable Parent Company with any securities exchange or with the SEC or any analogous governmental or private regulatory authority with jurisdiction over matters relating to securities and 
 
 (l) Borrowing Base Certificates . Commencing with the Fiscal Month ending April 30, 2016, by (x) the 25th day after the last day of each month ending April 30, 2016, May 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 and (y) thereafter, the 20th day of each month, the US Borrower and European Borrowers, respectively (or the Lead Borrower on their behalf), shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver the same to the Lenders) each Borrowing Base Certificate prepared as of the close of business on the last Business Day of the applicable previous Fiscal Month provided that, (i) during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Period, the relevant Borrower (or the Lead Borrower on their behalf) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent Borrowing Base Certificates more frequently (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) (but not more frequently than weekly, with delivery required within 4 Business Days after the end of the applicable previous week prepared as of the close of business on Friday of the previous week, which Borrowing Base Certificates shall be in standard form unless otherwise reasonably agreed to by the Administrative Agent it being understood that (a) Inventory amounts shown in the Borrowing Base Certificates delivered on a weekly basis will be based on the Inventory amount (x) set forth in the most recent weekly report, where possible, and (y) for the most recently ended Fiscal Month for which such information is available with regard to locations where it is impracticable to report Inventory more frequently (unless the Collateral Agent agrees otherwise), and (b) the amount of Eligible Accounts shown in such Borrowing Base Certificate will be based on the amount of the gross Accounts set forth in the most recent weekly report, less the amount of ineligible Accounts reported for the most recently ended Fiscal Month) (or, when available, ineligible Accounts set forth in the most recent weekly report), (ii) in the event that any Loan Party consummates a Subject Transaction, the Lead Borrower may deliver an updated version of the relevant Borrowing Base Certificate or Borrowing Base Certificates giving pro forma effect to such Subject Transaction, which shall be effective as of the date of consummation of such Subject Transaction, subject to the limitations set forth in the definitions of European Borrowing Base and US Borrowing Base and (iii) in the event (x) any Loan Party consummates a Disposition (other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to any Person (other than a Loan Party) that results in the Disposition of ABL Priority Collateral with a value (as reasonable determined by the Lead Borrower) in excess of 10,000,000 or (y) the Lead Borrower designates (or redesignates) any subsidiary with a value (as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower) in excess of 10,000,000 as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, the Lead Borrower shall deliver updated Borrowing Base Certificates at the time of or prior to the consummation of such Disposition. 
 
 (m) Financial Plan . As soon as available and in any event no later than 90 days after the beginning of each Fiscal Year, commencing in respect of the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2017, a consolidated plan and financial forecast for each Fiscal Quarter of such Fiscal Year, including a forecasted consolidated statement of the Lead Borrower s financial position and forecasted consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Lead Borrower for such Fiscal Year, prepared in reasonable detail setting forth, with appropriate discussion, the principal assumptions on which such financial plan is based provided that such consolidated plan and financial forecast shall only be made available to the Administrative Agent and any private side Lenders. 
 
 (n) Other Information . Such other certificates, reports and information (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time in connection with the 
 139 

financial condition or business of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries provided , however , that none of Holdings, the Lead Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to disclose or provide any information (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information of Holdings, the Lead Borrower and or any of their respective subsidiaries, customers and or suppliers, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, (iii) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (iv) in respect of which Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party provided , further , that, with respect to this clause (iv) , the Lead Borrower shall (A) make the Administrative Agent aware of such confidentiality obligations (to the extent permitted under the applicable confidentiality obligation) and (B) use commercially reasonable efforts to communicate the relevant information in a way that does not violate such confidentiality obligations. 
 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Lead Borrower (or a representative thereof) (x) posts such documents or (y) provides a link thereto on the website of the Lead Borrower on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 9.01 provided that, other than with respect to items required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(k), the Lead Borrower shall promptly notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent in writing of the posting of any such documents on the website of the Lead Borrower (or its applicable subsidiary) and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents (ii) on which such documents are delivered by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent for posting on behalf of the Lead Borrower on SyndTrak or another relevant website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) (iii) on which executed certificates or other documents are faxed to the Administrative Agent (or electronically mailed to an address provided by the Administrative Agent) or (iv) in respect of the items required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(k) in respect of information filed by Holdings or its applicable Parent Company with any securities exchange or with the SEC or any analogous governmental or private regulatory authority with jurisdiction over matters relating to securities (other than Form 10-Q reports and Form 10-K reports described in Sections 5.01(a) and (b), respectively), on which such items have been made available on the SEC website or the website of the relevant analogous governmental or private regulatory authority or securities exchange. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in paragraphs (a), and (b) of this Section 5.01 may be satisfied with respect to any financial statements of the Lead Borrower by furnishing (A) the applicable financial statements of any Parent Company or (B) any Parent Company s Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC or any securities exchange, in each case, within the time periods specified in such paragraphs provided that, with respect to each of clauses (A) and (B), (i) to the extent such financial statements relate to any Parent Company, such financial statements shall be accompanied by consolidating information that summarizes in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to such Parent Company, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Lead Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand, which consolidating information shall be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower as having been fairly presented in all material respects and (ii) to the extent such statements are in lieu of statements required to be provided under Section 5.01(b), such statements shall be accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall satisfy the applicable requirements set forth in Section 5.01(b). 
 
 140 

Any financial statement required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) shall not be required to include acquisition accounting adjustments relating to the Transactions or any Permitted Acquisition to the extent it is not practicable to include any such adjustments in such financial statement. 
 
 Section 5.02 Existence . Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.07, Holdings and the Lead Borrower will, and the Lead Borrower will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence and all rights, franchises, licenses and permits material to its business except, other than with respect to the preservation of the existence of the Lead Borrower, to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect provided that neither Holdings nor the Lead Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any such existence (other than with respect to the preservation of existence of the Lead Borrower), right, franchise, license or permit if a Responsible Officer of such Person or such Person s board of directors (or similar governing body) determines that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of such Person, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to such Person or to the Lenders. 
 
 Section 5.03 Payment of Taxes . Holdings and the Lead Borrower will, and the Lead Borrower will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, pay all Taxes imposed upon it or any of its properties or assets or in respect of any of its income or businesses or franchises before any penalty or fine accrues thereon provided that no such Tax need be paid if (a) it is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted, so long as (i) adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions, as are required in conformity with GAAP, have been made therefor, and (ii) in the case of a Tax which has or may become a Lien against any of the Collateral, such contest proceedings conclusively operate to stay the sale of any portion of the Collateral to satisfy such Tax or (b) failure to pay or discharge the same could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.04 Maintenance of Properties . The Lead Borrower will, and the Lead Borrower will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain or cause to be maintained in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted, all property reasonably necessary to the normal conduct of business of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and from time to time will make or cause to be made all needed and appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereof except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or where the failure to maintain such properties or make such repairs, renewals or replacements could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 5.05 Insurance . Except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Lead Borrower will maintain or cause to be maintained, with financially sound and reputable insurers, such insurance coverage with respect to liabilities, losses or damage in respect of the assets, properties and businesses of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as may customarily be carried or maintained under similar circumstances by Persons of established reputation engaged in similar businesses, in each case in such amounts (giving effect to self-insurance), with such deductibles, covering such risks and otherwise on such terms and conditions as shall be customary for such Persons. Each such policy of insurance shall (i) name the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders as an additional insured thereunder as its interests may appear and (ii) to the extent available from the relevant insurance carrier, in the case of each casualty insurance policy (excluding any business interruption insurance policy), contain a loss payable clause or endorsement that names the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders as the lender loss payee thereunder and, to the extent available, provide for at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of any 
 141 

modification or cancellation of such policy (or ten (10) days prior written notice in the case of the failure to pay any premiums thereunder). 
 
 Section 5.06 Inspections . 
 
 (a) The Lead Borrower will, and the Lead Borrower will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, permit any authorized representative designated by the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of the properties of any Borrower and any of their Restricted Subsidiaries at which the principal financial records and executive officers of the applicable Person are located, to inspect, copy and take extracts from its and their respective financial and accounting records, and to discuss its and their respective affairs, finances and accounts with its and their Responsible Officers and independent public accountants (provided that any Borrower (or any of its subsidiaries) may, if it so chooses, be present at or participate in any such discussion), all upon reasonable notice and at reasonable times during normal business hours provided that, (x) only the Administrative Agent (or a representative designated by the Administrative Agent) on behalf of the Lenders may exercise the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 5.06, (y) subject to the immediately succeeding proviso, the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than one time during any calendar year and (z) subject to the immediately succeeding proviso, only one such time per calendar year shall be at the expense of the Borrowers provided further that when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrowers at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the Borrowers nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making of copies of or taking abstracts from, or discuss any document, information, or other matter (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information of the Borrowers and their subsidiaries and or any of its customers and or suppliers, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by applicable law, (iii) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (iv) in respect of which Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party provided, further, that, with respect to this clause (iv), the Lead Borrower shall (A) make the Administrative Agent aware of such confidentiality obligations (to the extent permitted under the applicable confidentiality obligation) and (B) use commercially reasonable efforts to communicate the relevant information in a way that does not violate such confidentiality obligations. 
 
 (b) At reasonable times during normal business hours, with reasonable coordination and upon reasonable prior notice that the Administrative Agent requests, each Loan Party will grant access to the Administrative Agent (including employees of Administrative Agent or any consultants, accountants, lawyers and appraisers retained by the Administrative Agent) to its books, records, Accounts and Inventory so that the Administrative Agent or an Approved Appraiser may conduct such inventory appraisals, field examinations, verifications and evaluations as the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or appropriate and the reasonable and documented expenses incurred in respect thereof shall be payable by the Borrowers subject to the limitations in this Section 5.06(b) provided that (i) unless a Specified Default exists, the Administrative Agent shall not conduct more than (A) one field examination and one inventory appraisal with respect to the Collateral in each calendar year (but for the calendar year ending December 31, 2016, only after August 31, 2016), and (B) one additional field examination and one additional inventory appraisal with respect to the Collateral in any Fiscal Year after the date of this Agreement if, at any time during such Fiscal Year, Availability is less than 15 of the Line Cap, (ii) when a Specified Default exists, the Administrative Agent may conduct field examinations and inventory 
 142 

appraisals of the type described in this clause (b) at any time and (iii) the Administrative Agent may conduct additional field exams or appraisals requested or consented to by Lead Borrower from time to time in its sole discretion. 
 
 Section 5.07 Maintenance of Books and Records . The Lead Borrower will, and will cause its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books of record and account containing entries of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are full, true and correct in all material respects and permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Section 5.08 Compliance with Laws . 
 
 (a) Holdings and the Lead Borrower will, and will cause each of their Restricted Subsidiaries to (i) materially comply with the applicable requirements of Sanctions and the FCPA (subject to any applicable licenses, authorizations or exemptions) and (ii) comply with the requirements of all other applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority (including ERISA, the USA PATRIOT Act and, to its knowledge, anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws), except to the extent the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (b) The Borrowers will not directly or, to their knowledge, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person, (i) for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such financing, is the subject of any Sanctions, except to the extent permissible for a Person required to comply with Sanctions or (ii) in a manner that violates any applicable requirements under the FCPA. 
 
 Section 5.09 Compliance with Environmental Laws . Except, in each case, to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (a) comply, and take all commercially reasonable actions to cause any lessees and other Persons operating or occupying its properties to comply, with all applicable Environmental Laws and environmental permits (including any investigation, notification, cleanup, removal or remedial obligations with respect to or arising out of any Hazardous Materials Activity), (b) obtain and renew all environmental permits required to conduct its operations or in connection with its properties and (c) respond timely to any Environmental Claim against the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and discharge or duly contest any obligations it may have to any Person thereunder. 
 
 Section 5.10 Designation of Subsidiaries . The board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Lead Borrower may at any time after the Closing Date designate (or redesignate) any subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary provided that (i) immediately before and after such designation or redesignation, no Default or Event of Default exists (including after giving effect to the reclassification of Investments in, Indebtedness of and Liens on the assets of, the applicable Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary), (ii) in the case of designating a Restricted Subsidiary to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary or redesignating an Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary, the applicable Investment is permitted under one or more clauses in Section 6.06 (as selected by the Lead Borrower in its sole discretion) and after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis, no Overadvance shall exist, (iii) no subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it is a Restricted Subsidiary for purposes of the Term Loan Facility, and (iv) as of the date of the designation or redesignation thereof, no Unrestricted Subsidiary shall own any Capital Stock in any Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower (unless such Restricted Subsidiary is also designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary) or hold any Indebtedness of or any Lien on any property of the Lead Borrower 
 143 

or its Restricted Subsidiaries (unless the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary is permitted to incur such Indebtedness or Liens in favor of such Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Sections 6.01 and 6.02). The designation of any subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Lead Borrower (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary) therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the portion of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary attributable to the Lead Borrower s (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary s) equity interest therein as reasonably estimated by the Lead Borrower (and such designation shall only be permitted to the extent such Investment is permitted under Section 6.06). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the incurrence or making, as applicable, at the time of designation of any then-existing Investment, Indebtedness or Lien of such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable provided that upon a redesignation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Lead Borrower shall be deemed to continue to have an Investment in the resulting Restricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to (a) the Lead Borrower s Investment in such Restricted Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation, less (b) the portion of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary attributable to the Lead Borrower s equity therein at the time of such redesignation. As of the Closing Date, the subsidiaries listed on Schedule 5.10 have been designated as Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 
 
 Section 5.11 Use of Proceeds . Each Borrower shall use proceeds of the Initial Revolving Loans (a) on the Closing Date, in an aggregate principal amount of up to 75,000,000 to finance a portion of the Transactions (including the payment of Transaction Costs) and for working capital needs and other general corporate purposes and (b) after the Closing Date, to finance the working capital needs and other general corporate purposes of the Lead Borrower and its subsidiaries (including for capital expenditures, acquisitions, working capital and or purchase price adjustments, the payment of transaction fees and expenses, other Investments, Restricted Payments and any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents). No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that would entail a violation of Regulation U or X. 
 
 Section 5.12 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security . 
 
 (a) Upon (i) the formation or acquisition after the Closing Date of any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary, (ii) restricted , (iii) at any time after the European Borrowing Base Effective Date, the formation or acquisition after the Closing Date of any Restricted Subsidiary that is a European Subsidiary of an existing European Loan Party that has assets that will be included in the European Borrowing Base, (iv) the designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary (with respect to US Secured Obligations, to apply only to the designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary), (v) any Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be an Immaterial Subsidiary (with respect to US Secured Obligations, to apply only to a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary) or (vi) any Restricted Subsidiary that is an Immaterial Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary, (x) if the event giving rise to the obligation under this Section 5.12(a) occurs during any one of the first three Fiscal Quarters of any Fiscal Year, on or before the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) for the Fiscal Quarter in which the relevant formation, acquisition, designation or cessation occurred or (y) if the event giving rise to the obligation under this Section 5.12(a) occurs during the fourth Fiscal Quarter of any Fiscal Year, on or before the date that is sixty (60) days after the end of such Fiscal Quarter (or, in the cases of clauses (x) and (y), such longer period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), the Lead Borrower shall (A) cause such Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) to comply with the requirements set forth in clause (a) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (B) upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, cause the relevant Restricted Subsidiary or Discretionary Guarantor 
 144 

to deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of a customary opinion of counsel for such Restricted Subsidiary or Discretionary Guarantor, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the other relevant Secured Parties. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, (i) the Administrative Agent may grant extensions of time or any period in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document (at any time, including, in each case, after the expiration of any relevant time or period, which will be retroactive) for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or obtaining of title insurance, legal opinions, surveys or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets or the provision of any Loan Guaranty by any Restricted Subsidiary (in connection with assets acquired, or Restricted Subsidiaries formed or acquired, after the Closing Date) where it reasonably determines, in consultation with the Lead Borrower, that such action cannot be accomplished without undue effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required to be accomplished by this Agreement or the Collateral Documents, and each Lender hereby consents to any such extension of time, (ii) any Lien required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth therein and in the Collateral Documents, (iii) except as otherwise required by Section 5.16, perfection by control shall not be required with respect to assets requiring perfection through control agreements or other control arrangements, including deposit accounts, securities accounts and commodities accounts (other than control of pledged Capital Stock and or Material Debt Instruments), (iv) no Loan Party shall be required to seek any landlord lien waiver, bailee letter, estoppel, warehouseman waiver or other collateral access or similar letter or agreement, (v) no US Loan Party will be required to take any action to the extent limited, restricted or not required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and any other Loan Document, (vi) in no event will the Collateral include any Excluded Assets, (vii) no action shall be required to perfect a Lien (1) in any asset in respect of which the perfection of a security interest therein would violate the terms of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and is binding on such asset on the Closing Date or at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof (other than in the case of capital leases, purchase money and similar financings), in each case, after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable law, (2) in any asset in respect of which the perfection of a security interest therein would trigger termination of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and is binding on such asset on the Closing Date or at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof (other than in the case of capital leases, purchase money and similar financings) pursuant to any change of control or similar provision it being understood that the Collateral shall include any proceeds and or receivables arising out of any contract described in this clause to the extent the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed effective under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding the relevant prohibition, violation or termination right and or (3) with respect to (x) any vehicle or other asset subject to a certificate of title and or (y) Letter-of-Credit Rights to the extent that a security interest therein cannot be perfected by filing a Form UCC-1 (or similar) financing statement (viii) any joinder or supplement to any Loan Guaranty, any Collateral Document and or any other Loan Document executed by any Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.12 above may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent, include such schedules (or updates to schedules) as may be necessary to qualify any representation or warranty set forth in any Loan Document to the extent necessary to ensure that such representation or warranty is true and correct to the extent required thereby or by the terms of any other Loan Document (ix) any time periods to comply with the foregoing Section 5.12 shall not apply to Discretionary Guarantors (provided that such entity shall not be deemed a Guarantor or Discretionary Guarantor until such entity has complied with such requirements) and (x) the Administrative Agent shall not require the taking of a Lien on, or require the perfection of any Lien granted in, those assets as to which the cost of obtaining or 
 145 

perfecting such Lien (including any mortgage, stamp, intangibles or other tax or expenses relating to such Lien) is excessive in relation to the benefit to the Lenders of the security afforded thereby as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent. No European Loan Party shall be deemed to have provided a Loan Guaranty in respect of any US Obligation. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood, agreed and intended by the parties hereto that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, with respect to any Credit Extension, Overadvance or Protective Advance made to the US Borrower, (i) under no circumstance shall the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Participant have recourse to more than 65 of the voting Capital Stock of any Foreign Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary Holdco and (ii) under no circumstance shall any Foreign Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary Holdco be a Guarantor hereunder or under any Loan Document or in any other way be required to comply with the requirements set forth in clause (a) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement . 
 
 Section 5.13 Reserved . 
 
 Section 5.14 Reserved . 
 
 Section 5.15 Further Assurances . Promptly upon request of the Administrative Agent and subject to the limitations described in Section 5.12 
 
 (a) The Lead Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements, instruments, certificates, notices and acknowledgments and take all such further actions (including the filing and recordation of financing statements and or amendments thereto and other documents), that may be required under any applicable law and which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to ensure the creation, perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created under the Collateral Documents, all at the expense of the relevant Loan Parties. 
 
 (b) The Lead Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, (i) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral and (ii) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts (including notices to third parties), deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of the Collateral Documents. 
 
 Section 5.16 Cash Management . 
 
 (a) Each Loan Party shall, within 120 days after the Closing Date (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned)), (i) in the case of any US Loan Party, require that all cash payments in respect of Accounts owed to such US Loan Party be remitted to a lockbox maintained by any US Loan Party (the US Lockbox or a Material Account of any US Loan Party, (ii) reserved , (iii) in the case of any European Loan Party, require that all cash payments of Accounts owed to any European Loan Party be remitted to a lockbox maintained by any European Loan Party (the European Lockbox and, together with the US Lockbox, the Lockboxes or a Material Account of any European Loan Party, (iv) instruct the financial institution that maintains any US Lockbox to cause all amounts on deposit and available at the close of each Business Day in such Lockbox (net of any Required Minimum 
 146 

Balance), to be swept to a concentration deposit account maintained by any US Loan Party (each, a US Concentration Account not less frequently than on a daily basis, (v) reserved , (vi) instruct the financial institution that maintains such European Lockbox to cause all amounts on deposit and available at the close of each Business Day in such Lockbox (net of any Required Minimum Balance), to be swept to a concentration deposit account maintained by any European Loan Party (each, a European Concentration Account and, together with the US Concentration Account, the Concentration Accounts not less frequently than on a daily basis (vii) enter into a blocked account agreement (each, a Blocked Account Agreement ), in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, with the applicable Loan Party, the Administrative Agent and any financial institution with which such Loan Party maintains a Concentration Account or Material Account (collectively, the Blocked Accounts and (viii) deposit (or cause to be deposited) promptly (and in any event no later than the first Business Day after receipt thereof) all collections on Accounts (including those sent directly by an Account Debtor) into a Blocked Account covered by a Blocked Account Agreement. From and after the 120th day after the Closing Date (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned)), each Loan Party shall ensure that this Section 5.16(a) is satisfied at all times. 
 
 (b) Each Blocked Account Agreement relating to any Blocked Account shall require, after the delivery of notice of a Cash Dominion Period by the Administrative Agent to the Lead Borrower and the other parties to such instrument or agreement (which the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders shall, provide upon its becoming aware of such a Cash Dominion Period), by ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than once per Business Day (unless the Termination Date has occurred), of all available Cash balances, Cash receipts and Cash Equivalents, including the ledger balance of each Blocked Account (net of such minimum balance, not to exceed 250,000 per account or 2,000,000 in the aggregate for all such accounts, as may be required to be maintained in the subject Blocked Account by the bank at which such Blocked Account is maintained (the Required Minimum Balances )), to an account maintained under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent Account ). All amounts received in the Administrative Agent Account shall be applied (and allocated) by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.11(a)(iii)) provided that if the circumstances described in Sections 2.18(b) or (c) are applicable, such amounts shall be applied in accordance with such Sections 2.18(b) and (c). In such event, each Loan Party agrees that it will not otherwise direct the proceeds of any Blocked Account. 
 
 (c) Provided that no Event of Default exists, the Loan Parties may close any then-existing Deposit Account or Securities Account. The Loan Parties may open any new Deposit Account or Securities Account, subject, unless such Deposit Account or Securities Account constitutes an Excluded Account or otherwise constitutes an Excluded Asset (provided that upon such Deposit Account or Securities Account ceasing to constitute an Excluded Account and an Excluded Asset, such Deposit Account or Securities Account shall be subject to this Section 5.16), to the execution and delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Blocked Account Agreement in respect of such newly opened Deposit Account or Securities Account consistent with the provisions of this Section 5.16 and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agents within 90 days of the opening thereof (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) it being understood and agreed that, (x) notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event such newly opened Deposit Account or Securities Account constitutes a Concentration Account such Concentration Account shall be subject to a Blocked Account Agreement consistent with the provisions of this Section 5.16 and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agents from and after the date of opening thereof (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) and (y) in the event that any Loan Party acquires any Deposit Account or Securities Account in connection with any Subject 
 147 

Transaction, such Loan Party shall be required to enter into a Blocked Account Agreement with respect to such acquired Deposit Account or Securities Account within 120 days following the date of such Subject Transaction (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) unless such Loan Party has closed such Deposit Account or Securities Account (or such Deposit Account or Securities Account constitutes an Excluded Account or otherwise constitutes an Excluded Asset) prior to such time. 
 
 (d) The Administrative Agent Account shall at all times be under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent. Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) such Loan Party has no right of withdrawal from the Administrative Agent Account (except as provided in Section 2.11(a)(iii) or Sections 2.18(b) and (c)), (ii) the funds on deposit in the Administrative Agent Account shall at all times continue to be collateral security for all of the applicable Secured Obligations, and (iii) the funds on deposit in the Administrative Agent Account shall be applied as provided in this Agreement and, to the extent such funds constitute US Collateral, the ABL Intercreditor Agreement. In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.16, any Loan Party receives or otherwise has dominion and or control of any amount required to be transferred to the Administrative Agent Account pursuant to Section 5.16(b), such amount shall be held in trust by such Loan Party for the Administrative Agent, and shall promptly be deposited into the Administrative Agent Account or otherwise transferred in such manner as the Administrative Agent may request. 
 
 (e) Upon the commencement of a Cash Dominion Period and for so long as the same is continuing, upon delivery of notice by the Administrative Agent to the Lead Borrower (which the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders shall, provide upon its becoming aware of such a Cash Dominion Period), the Administrative Agent may direct that all amounts in the Blocked Accounts be paid to the Administrative Agent Account. So long as no Cash Dominion Period is continuing in respect of which the Administrative Agent has delivered the notice contemplated by this Section 5.16, each relevant Loan Party may direct, and shall have sole control over, the disposition of funds in the Blocked Accounts. 
 
 (f) Any amount held or received in the Administrative Agent Account (including all interest and other earnings with respect thereto, if any) at any time (i) when the Termination Date has occurred or (ii) all Events of Default have been cured and no Cash Dominion Period exists, shall (subject, in the case of clause (i), to the provisions of any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) be remitted to an account of the applicable Loan Party (or if requested by any Loan Party, to the Lead Borrower on its behalf). 
 
 (g) Following the commencement of any Cash Dominion Period (other than by reason of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(a), 7.01(f) or 7.01(g), except to the extent necessary for one or more officers or directors of Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its subsidiaries to avoid personal or criminal liability under applicable Requirements of Law), in the event that any Blocked Account or the Administrative Agent Account contains identifiable Tax and Trust Funds, the Lead Borrower (acting in good faith) may, within 30 days after such Tax and Trust Funds are received in such Blocked Account or Administrative Agent Account, deliver to the Administrative Agent a Trust Fund Certificate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, within five Business Days following receipt of a Trust Fund Certificate, the Administrative Agent shall remit from such Blocked Account or Administrative Agent Account (in each case excluding amounts previously deposited to cash collateralize Letters of Credit hereunder), as applicable, the lesser of (a) the amount of Tax and Trust Funds specified in the Trust Fund Certificate, (b) the Availability on the date of such remittance and (c) the amount on deposit in such Blocked Account or Administrative Account on the date of delivery of such Trust Fund Certificate, at the option of the Administrative Agent, (x) to the 
 148 

applicable Loan Party or (y) on behalf of the applicable Loan Party directly to the Person entitled to such Tax and Trust Funds provided that in no event shall the Administrative Agent be required to remit any amount pursuant to this Section 5.16(g) to the extent that such amount was previously distributed in accordance with Section 2.11(a)(iii) (or otherwise applied in accordance with Section 2.18(b) or (c) as applicable). If any such amount is remitted to any Loan Party, such Loan Party shall apply such amount solely for the purpose set forth in the applicable Trust Fund Certificate on or prior to the date due it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall not apply any amount consisting of identifiable Tax and Trust Funds pursuant to Section 2.11(a)(iii) (or otherwise applied in accordance with Section 2.18(b) or (c) as applicable) following its receipt of a Trust Fund Certificate. 
 
 Section 5.17 Centre of Main Interest . Other than in connection with any fundamental change, disposition or other transaction not prohibited by this Agreement and provided that to do so would not reasonably be expected to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Lenders (taken as a whole) under the Loan Documents, no European Loan Party (other than a UK Loan Party) shall, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, take any action that shall cause its centre of main interests (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Insolvency Regulation (Council Regulation (EC) No.1346 2000 29 May 2000 on Insolvency Proceedings)) to be situated outside of its jurisdiction of incorporation, or cause it to have an establishment (as that term is used in Article 2(h) of the Insolvency Regulation) situated outside of its jurisdiction of incorporation. 
 
 Section 5.18 UK Pensions. 
 
 (a) Each UK Loan Party shall ensure that the UK DB Plan is funded in compliance with the statutory funding objective under sections 221 and 222 of the Pensions Act 2004 (UK) and that no action or omission is taken by any person in relation to the UK DB Plan which has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 
 (b) Other than in respect of the UK DB Plan, each UK Loan Party shall ensure that it is not or has not been at any time an employer (for the purposes of sections 38 to 51 of the Pensions Act 2004 (UK)) of an occupational pension scheme which is not a money purchase scheme (both terms as defined in the Pension Schemes Act 1993(UK)) or connected with or an associate of (as those terms are defined in sections 38 or 43 of the Pensions Act 2004(UK)) such an employer 
 
 (c) Each UK Loan Party shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, notify the Administrative Agent of any investigation by the Pensions Regulator which may lead to the issue of a Financial Support Direction or a Contribution Notice that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 ARTICLE 6 
 
 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 From the Closing Date and until the Termination Date has occurred, (i) in the case of Holdings, solely with respect to Section 6.14 and (ii) the Borrowers covenant and agree with the Lenders that 
 Section 6.01 Indebtedness . The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except 
 
 149 

(a) the Secured Obligations (including any Additional Revolving Loans) 
 
 (b) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower to any Restricted Subsidiary and or of any Restricted Subsidiary to the Lead Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary provided that any Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party must be expressly subordinated to the Obligations of such Loan Party 
 
 (c) Indebtedness in respect of any Term Loan Facility and any Incremental Loans or Incremental Equivalent Debt (each as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement or any equivalent term under any Term Facility) in an aggregate outstanding principal (or committed) amount not to exceed 900,000,000 on the Restatement Effective Date plus (B) the aggregate principal amount of such Incremental Loans or Incremental Equivalent Debt so long as the sum of the aggregate outstanding amount of any such Incremental Loans or Incremental Equivalent Debt do not exceed the Incremental Cap (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement) and (C) any Secured Banking Services Obligations and Secured Hedging Obligations , as such terms are defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement or any equivalent term in any other Term Facility 
 
 (d) (i) Indebtedness arising from any agreement providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations (including contingent earn-out obligations) incurred in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder, any acquisition permitted hereunder or consummated prior to the Closing Date or any other purchase of assets or Capital Stock, and (ii) Indebtedness arising from guaranties, letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments securing the performance of the Lead Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any such agreement 
 
 (e) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary (i) pursuant to tenders, statutory obligations, bids, leases, governmental contracts, trade contracts, surety, stay, customs, appeal, performance and or return of money bonds or other similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments to support any of, or in lieu of, any of the foregoing items and (iii) in respect of commercial and trade letters of credit 
 
 (f) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft protections, check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository, overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository network services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services and any arrangements or services similar to any of the foregoing and or otherwise in connection with Cash management and Deposit Accounts, including Banking Services Obligations and dealer incentive, supplier finance or similar programs 
 
 (g) (i) guaranties by the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary of the obligations of suppliers, customers and licensees in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary to pay the deferred purchase price of goods or services or progress payments in connection with such goods and services and (iii) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, bank guaranties or similar instruments supporting trade payables, warehouse receipts or similar facilities entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 
 150 

(h) Guarantees by the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.01 or other obligations not prohibited by this Agreement 
 
 (i) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary existing, or pursuant to commitments existing, on the Closing Date provided that (i) any such item of Indebtedness with an aggregate outstanding principal amount on the Closing Date in excess of 5,000,000 shall be described on Schedule 6.01, and (ii) ordinary course capital leases, purchase money indebtedness, equipment financings, performance bonds, bank guarantees, letters of credit, guarantees and surety bonds existing as of the Closing Date need not be described on Schedule 6.01 
 
 (j) Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness not to exceed the greater of 132,000,000 and 65.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA minus amounts under this Section 6.01(j) reallocated to Section 6.01(u) 
 
 (k) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of obligations owing under incentive, supply, license or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (l) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums, (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business and or (iii) obligations to reacquire assets or inventory in connection with customer financing arrangements in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (m) (i) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to purchase money Indebtedness incurred prior to or within two hundred seventy (270) days of the acquisition, lease, completion of construction, repair of, replacement, improvement to or installation of assets (or Capital Stock of any Person owning any such assets) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of 112,000,000 and 55.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (ii) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to Capital Leases (including Capital Lease obligations or rental payments in respect of any property Disposed of pursuant to any Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted pursuant to Section 6.07) 
 
 (n) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or Indebtedness assumed, in each case, in connection with an acquisition or Investment permitted hereunder after the Closing Date provided that (i) such Indebtedness (A) existed at the time such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or the assets subject to such Indebtedness were acquired and (B) was not created or incurred in anticipation thereof, (ii) no Event of Default exists or would result after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition or similar Investment and (iii) solely to the extent the principal amount thereof acquired in such acquisition or Investment exceeds the greater of 71,000,000 and an amount equal to 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of 6.25 1.00 and the Total Leverage Ratio as of the then most recently completed fiscal quarter, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis 
 
 (o) Indebtedness consisting of promissory notes issued by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any stockholder of any Parent Company or any current or former director, officer, employee, member of management, manager or consultant of any Parent Company, the Lead 
 151 

Borrower or any subsidiary (or their respective Immediate Family Members) to finance the purchase or redemption of Capital Stock of any Parent Company permitted by Section 6.04(a) 
 
 (p) the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may become and remain liable for any Indebtedness refinancing, refunding or replacing any Indebtedness permitted under clauses (a), (c), (i), (j), (m), (n), (q), (r), (u), (w), (x), and (ii) and this clause (p) of this Section 6.01 (in any case, including any refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect thereof, Refinancing Indebtedness and any subsequent Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of existing Refinancing Indebtedness under this clause (p) provided, that 
 (i) the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, except by (A) an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest, penalties and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus commitment, underwriting, arrangement and similar fees, other reasonable and customary fees, commissions and expenses (including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payments) incurred in connection with the relevant refinancing, refunding or replacement, (B) an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (C) additional amounts permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.01 (provided that (1) any additional Indebtedness referenced in this clause (C) satisfies the other applicable requirements of this Section 6.01 (with additional amounts incurred in reliance on this clause (C) constituting a utilization of the relevant basket or exception pursuant to which such additional amount is permitted) and (2) if such additional Indebtedness is secured, the Lien securing such Indebtedness satisfies the applicable requirements of Section 6.02) 
 
 (ii) (x) other than in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to clauses (a), (i), (j), (m), (n), (r), (u), (x) and (z) of this Section 6.01 (and other than customary bridge loans with a maturity date of not longer than one (1) year which are converted into, exchanged for, extended to or otherwise refinanced with Indebtedness subject to the requirements of this clause (ii)), (A) such Indebtedness has a final maturity on or later than (and, in the case of revolving Indebtedness, does not require mandatory commitment reductions, if any, prior to) the earlier of (1) ninety-one (91) days after the Latest Maturity Date and (2) the final maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced and (B) other than with respect to revolving Indebtedness, a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced (other than to the extent resulting from a change in the final maturity date permitted under clause (A)(1) above) and (y) the terms of any Refinancing Indebtedness incurred with respect to Indebtedness permitted under clause (a) of this Section 6.01 are not, taken as a whole (as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower) more favorable to the Lenders providing such Indebtedness than those applicable to the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced (other than any covenants or any other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date as of such date or any covenants or provisions which are then current market terms for the applicable type of Indebtedness) 
 
 (iii) in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to Indebtedness permitted under clauses (j), (m), (u), (w), (x) and (z) of this Section 6.01, the incurrence thereof shall be without duplication of any amounts outstanding in reliance on the relevant clause and after the incurrence thereof, shall constitute amounts outstanding under such clause 
 
 (iv) except in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of Indebtedness permitted under clause (a) of this Section 6.01 (it being understood that Holdings 
 152 

may not be the primary obligor of the applicable Refinancing Indebtedness if Holdings was not the primary obligor on the relevant refinanced Indebtedness), (A) such Indebtedness, if secured, is secured only by Permitted Liens at the time of such refinancing, refunding or replacement (it being understood that secured Indebtedness may be refinanced with unsecured Indebtedness), (B) such Indebtedness is incurred by the obligor or obligors in respect of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, except to the extent otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 6.01, and (C) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced was originally contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment (or the Liens securing such Indebtedness were originally contractually subordinated to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations), such Refinancing Indebtedness is contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment (or the Refinancing Liens securing such Indebtedness are subordinated to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations and subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), except to the extent the refinancing, refunding or replacement thereof constitutes a Restricted Debt Payment permitted under Section 6.04(b) (other than Section 6.04(b)(i)) or does not constitute a Restricted Debt Payment 
 
 (v) no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom 
 
 (vi) except in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to clause (a) of this Section 6.01, as of the date of the incurrence of such Indebtedness and after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default exists and (vii) in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of Indebtedness permitted under clause (a) of this Section 6.01, (A) such Indebtedness is pari passu or junior in right of payment and secured by the Collateral on a pari passu or junior basis with respect to the remaining Obligations hereunder, or is unsecured provided that any such Indebtedness that is pari passu or junior with respect to the Collateral shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, (B) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced is secured, it is not secured by any assets other than the Collateral, (C) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced is Guaranteed, it shall not be Guaranteed by any Person other than a Loan Party and (D) such Indebtedness is incurred under (and pursuant to) documentation other than this Agreement, in each case as the Lead Borrower and the relevant lender may agree 
 
 (q) Indebtedness incurred to finance, or assumed in connection with, any acquisition or Investment permitted hereunder after the Closing Date provided, that (i) before and after giving effect to such acquisition or Investment on a Pro Forma Basis, no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, (ii) after giving effect to such acquisition or Investment on a Pro Forma Basis (without netting the Cash proceeds of such Indebtedness), solely to the extent the principal amount thereof acquired in such acquisition or Investment exceeds the greater of 51,000,000 and an amount equal to 25.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, (A) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien securing the First Priority Secured Obligations and pari passu in right of payment with the Obligations, (1) such Indebtedness shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and (2) the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of (x) 4.50 1.00 and (y) the First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, (B) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien securing the First Priority Secured Obligations, (1) such Indebtedness shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, and (2) the Secured Leverage Ratio would not exceed the greater of (x) 5.75 1.00 and (y) the Secured Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, and (C) if such Indebtedness is not secured by a Lien on the Collateral (including all Indebtedness of any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary), either (1) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of (x) 6.25 1.00 and (y) the Total Leverage 
 153 

Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period or (2) the pro forma Net Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than the lesser of (A) 2.00 1.00 and (B) the Net Interest Coverage Ratio as of the then most recently ended Test Period, (iii) such Indebtedness does not mature prior to the Latest Maturity Date as of the date of incurrence thereof, and (iv) any such incurred (but not assumed) Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on (x) the Collateral shall not be guaranteed by any Person that is not a Loan Party or secured by any assets other than the Collateral and (y) the ABL Priority Collateral shall be secured on a junior basis to the Obligations 
 
 (r) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed 200 of the amount of Net Proceeds received by the Lead Borrower Contribution Indebtedness from (i) the issuance or sale of Qualified Capital Stock or (ii) any cash contribution to its Capital Stock, in each case, (A) other than any Net Proceeds received from the sale of Capital Stock to, or contributions from, the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (B) to the extent the relevant Net Proceeds have not otherwise been applied to increase the Available Excluded Contribution Amount or to make any Restricted Payments or Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries hereunder and (C) other than Cure Amounts 
 
 (s) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Derivative Transaction not entered into for speculative purposes 
 
 (t) reserved 
 
 (u) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed (i) the sum of (A) the greater of 132,000,000 and 65.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (B) any amounts reallocated to this Section 6.01(u) from Section 6.01(j) and Section 6.04(a)(xi) minus (ii) any amounts under Section 6.01(u) of the Term Loan Credit Agreement (after giving effect to clause (i)(A) thereof) reallocated to clause (d) of the Fixed Incremental Amount (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement)) 
 
 (v) reserved 
 
 (w) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary so long as, no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom and on a Pro Forma Basis (without netting the Cash proceeds of such Indebtedness), (i) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien securing the First Priority Secured Obligations and pari passu in right of payment with the Obligations, (A) such Indebtedness shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and (B) the First Lien Leverage Ratio would not exceed 4.50 1.00, (ii) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien securing the First Priority Secured Obligations, (A) such Indebtedness shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, and (B) the Secured Leverage Ratio would not exceed 5.75 1.00, and (iii) if such Indebtedness is not secured by the Collateral (including all Indebtedness of any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary), either (A) the Total Leverage Ratio would not exceed 6.25 1.00 or (B) the pro forma Net Interest Coverage Ratio would not be less than 2.00 1.00 provided, that (1) solely if the Total Leverage Ratio would be greater than 6.25 1.00 after giving pro forma effect to such incurrence, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties shall not exceed the sum of (x) the greater of 102,000,000 and 50.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (y) any other Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by such Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties under this Section 6.01, (2) any such Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on (x) the Collateral shall not be guaranteed by any Person that is 
 154 

not a Loan Party or secured by any assets other than the Collateral and (y) the ABL Priority Collateral shall be secured on a junior basis to the Obligations 
 
 (x) Reserved 
 
 (y) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in connection with (i) a Specified Lease Transaction or (ii) a NMTC Transaction 
 
 (z) Reserved 
 
 (aa) Indebtedness (including obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments with respect to such Indebtedness) incurred by the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance (including premiums related thereto), other types of social security, pension obligations, vacation pay, health, disability or other employee benefits 
 
 (bb) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary representing (i) deferred compensation to directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, and consultants of any Parent Company, the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (ii) deferred compensation or other similar arrangements in connection with the Transactions, any Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment permitted hereby 
 
 (cc) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of any letter of credit or bank guarantee issued in favor of any Issuing Bank to support any Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans 
 
 (dd) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary supported by any letter of credit otherwise permitted to be incurred hereunder 
 
 (ee) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities incurred by the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to the extent that the unfunded amounts would not otherwise cause an Event of Default to exist under Section 7.01(i) 
 
 (ff) without duplication of any other Indebtedness, all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest and payment in kind interest), accretion or amortization of original issue discount, fees, expenses and charges with respect to Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary hereunder 
 
 (gg) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, obligations under the documentation governing any Permitted Acquisition or Investment or the Permitted Restructuring 
 
 (hh) customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (ii) Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary relating to any factoring or similar arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business or otherwise for working capital and general corporate purposes and 
 
 155 

(jj) Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties to fund working capital requirements in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness not to exceed the greater of 21,000,000 and 10.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Section 6.02 Liens . The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit or suffer to exist any Lien on or with respect to any property of any kind owned by it, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, except 
 
 (a) Liens securing the Secured Obligations created pursuant to the Loan Documents 
 
 (b) Liens for Taxes which are (i) for amounts not yet overdue by more than thirty (30) days or (ii) which are not required to be paid pursuant to Section 5.03 
 
 (c) statutory Liens (and rights of set-off) of landlords, banks, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, repairmen, workmen and materialmen, and other Liens imposed by law, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business (i) for amounts not yet overdue by more than thirty (30) days or (ii) for amounts that are overdue by more than thirty (30) days and that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions required by GAAP shall have been made for any such contested amounts 
 
 (d) Liens incurred (i) in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security laws and regulations, (ii) in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and other similar obligations (exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money), (iii) pursuant to pledges and deposits of Cash or Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business securing (x) any liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of insurance carriers providing property, casualty, liability or other insurance to Holdings and its subsidiaries or (y) leases or licenses of property otherwise permitted by this Agreement and (iv) to secure obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments posted with respect to the items described in clauses (i) through (iii) above 
 
 (e) Liens consisting of easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances and other minor defects or irregularities affecting any Real Estate Assets, in each case which do not, in the aggregate, materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Lead Borrower and or its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the use of the affected property for its intended purpose 
 
 (f) Liens consisting of any (i) interest or title of a lessor or sub-lessor under any lease of real estate not prohibited hereunder, (ii) landlord lien permitted by the terms of any lease, (iii) restriction or encumbrance to which the interest or title of such lessor or sub-lessor may be subject or (iv) subordination of the interest of the lessee or sub-lessee under such lease to any restriction or encumbrance referred to in the preceding clause (iii) 
 
 (g) Liens (i) solely on any Cash earnest money deposits made by the Lead Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to any Investment permitted hereunder or (ii) consisting of an agreement to Dispose or any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 6.07 
 156 

(h) purported Liens evidenced by the filing of precautionary UCC financing statements relating solely to operating leases or consignment or bailee arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (i) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods 
 
 (j) Liens in connection with any zoning, building or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of any or dimensions of real property or the structure thereon, including Liens in connection with any condemnation or eminent domain proceeding or compulsory purchase order 
 
 (k) Liens securing Refinancing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(p), subject, to the extent required thereby, to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement provided that no such Lien extends to any asset not covered by the Lien securing the Indebtedness that is being refinanced unless (except in the case of Section 6.01(a), such Lien is a Permitted Lien, except as otherwise provided in Section 6.01(p) 
 
 (l) (i) Liens described on Schedule 6.02 and any modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension thereof and (ii) Liens securing ordinary course capital leases, purchase money indebtedness, equipment financings, performance bonds, bank guarantees, letters of credit, guarantees and surety bonds existing as of the Closing Date, which need not be described on Schedule 6.02 provided further that (i) no such Lien extends to any additional property other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or financed by Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01, (B) proceeds and products thereof, accessions, replacements or additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.01(m) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates), and (C) Permitted Liens and (ii) such modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens, if constituting Indebtedness is permitted by Section 6.01 
 
 (m) Liens arising out of Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted under Section 6.07 and securing Indebtedness Capital Lease Obligations arising from such Sale and Lease-Back Transactions 
 
 (n) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(m) provided that any such Lien shall encumber only the asset acquired with the proceeds of such Indebtedness and proceeds and products thereof, accessions, replacements or additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.01(m) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates) together with any other Permitted Liens 
 
 (o) (i)Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(n) on the relevant acquired assets or on the Capital Stock and assets of the relevant newly acquired Restricted Subsidiary provided that no such Lien (x) extends to or covers any other assets (other than the proceeds or products thereof, accessions, replacements or additions thereto and improvements thereon) or (y) was created in contemplation of the applicable acquisition of assets or Capital Stock, and (ii) Liens securing 
 157 

Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (ii)(A) or (ii)(B) of the proviso in Section 6.01(q) subject, to the extent required thereby, to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement 
 
 (p) (i) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off or netting relating to (A) the establishment of depositary relations with banks not granted in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (B) pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary, (C) purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (D) commodity trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits, (iii) bankers Liens and rights and remedies as to Deposit Accounts, (iv) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 of the UCC on items in the ordinary course of business, (v) Liens in favor of banking or other financial institutions arising as a matter of law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institution s general terms and conditions, (vi) Liens on the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any transaction permitted hereunder, which proceeds have been deposited into an escrow account on customary terms to secure such Indebtedness pending the application of such proceeds to finance such transaction and (vii) Liens of the type described in the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) securing obligations under Sections 6.01(f) and or 6.01(s) 
 
 (q) Liens on assets and Capital Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (including Capital Stock owned by such Persons but excluding any Capital Stock that is required to be pledged as Collateral) securing Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 
 
 (r) Liens securing obligations (other than obligations representing Indebtedness for borrowed money) under operating, reciprocal easement or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Lead Borrower and or its Restricted Subsidiaries 
 
 (s) reserved 
 
 (t) Liens on assets securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed (i) the sum of (A) the greater of 132,000,000 and 65.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (B) to the extent any amounts are reallocated from Section 6.04(a)(xi) to Section 6.01(u), an amount equal to such reallocated amount, minus (ii) to the extent any amounts are reallocated from Section 6.01(u) of the Term Loan Credit Agreement to clause (d) of the Fixed Incremental Amount (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement) or Section 6.01(x) of the Term Loan Credit Agreement, an amount equal to such reallocated amount, subject, to the extent applicable, to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement 
 
 (u) Liens on assets securing judgments, awards, attachments and or decrees and notices of lis pendens and associated rights relating to litigation being contested in good faith not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.01(h) 
 
 (v) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not (i) interfere in any material respect with the business of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) or (ii) secure any Indebtedness 
 158 

(w) Liens on Securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting Investments permitted under Section 6.06 arising out of such repurchase transaction 
 
 (x) Liens securing obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments permitted under Sections 6.01(d), (e), (g), (aa), (cc), (hh) and (ii) 
 
 (y) Liens arising (i) out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of any assets or property in the ordinary course of business and permitted by this Agreement or (ii) by operation of law under Article 2 of the UCC (or similar law of any jurisdiction) 
 
 (z) Liens (i) in favor of any Loan Party and or (ii) granted by any non-Loan Party in favor of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), securing intercompany Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 
 
 (aa) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto 
 
 (bb) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and the proceeds thereof securing the relevant Person s obligations in respect of documentary letters of credit or banker s acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or goods 
 
 (cc) Liens securing (i) obligations under Hedge Agreements in connection with any Derivative Transaction of the type described in Section 6.01(s) and or (ii) obligations of the type described in Section 6.01(f) 
 
 (dd) (i)Liens on Capital Stock of joint ventures or Unrestricted Subsidiaries securing capital contributions to, or obligations of, such Persons and (ii) customary call put rights, rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements and agreements with respect to non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries 
 
 (ee) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents arising in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness 
 
 (ff) Liens evidenced by the filing of UCC financing statements relating to any factoring or similar arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (gg) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(c)(ii) so long as such Liens are subject to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement and 
 
 (hh) Liens arising out of (a) Specified Lease Transactions or (b) NMTC Transactions. 
 
 Section 6.03 No Further Negative Pledges . The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any agreement prohibiting the creation or assumption of any Lien upon any Collateral, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, for the benefit of the Secured Parties with respect to the Obligations, except with respect to 
 
 159 

(a) specific property to be sold pursuant to any Disposition permitted by Section 6.07 
 
 (b) restrictions contained in any agreement with respect to Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 that is secured by a Permitted Lien, but only if such restrictions apply only to the Person or Persons obligated under such Indebtedness and its or their Restricted Subsidiaries or the property or assets securing such Indebtedness 
 
 (c) restrictions contained in any Term Facility and the documentation governing Indebtedness permitted by clauses (i) , (j) , (m) , (n) , (p) , (q) , (u) , (w) , (x) , (z) and or (ii) of Section 6.01 , in each case, to the extent such restriction does not restrict the Secured Obligations from being secured by assets that constitute Collateral 
 
 (d) restrictions by reason of customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other transfers (including the granting of any Lien) contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses and other agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business provided that such restrictions are limited to the relevant leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses or other agreements and or the property or assets secured by such Liens or the property or assets subject to such leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses or other agreements, as the case may be) 
 
 (e) Permitted Liens and restrictions in the agreements relating thereto that limit the right of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to Dispose of, or encumber the assets subject to such Liens 
 
 (f) provisions limiting the Disposition or distribution of assets or property in joint venture agreements, sale-leaseback agreements, stock sale agreements and other similar agreements, which limitation is applicable only to the assets that are the subject of such agreements (or the Persons the Capital Stock of which is the subject of such agreement) 
 
 (g) any encumbrance or restriction assumed in connection with an acquisition of the property or Capital Stock of any Person, so long as such encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the property so acquired (or to the Person or Persons (and its or their subsidiaries) bound thereby) and was not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition 
 
 (h) restrictions imposed by customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited liability company organizational governance documents, joint venture agreements and other similar agreements that restrict the transfer of the assets of, or ownership interests in, the relevant partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or any similar Person 
 
 (i) restrictions on Cash or other deposits imposed by Persons under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business or for whose benefit such Cash or other deposits exist 
 
 (j) restrictions set forth in documents which exist on the Closing Date 
 
 (k) restrictions set forth in any Loan Document, any Hedge Agreement and or any agreement relating to any Banking Services Obligation 
 
 (l) restrictions contained in documents governing Indebtedness permitted hereunder of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party 
 
 (m) restrictions on any asset (or all of the assets) of and or the Capital Stock of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary which is imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into 
 160 

in connection with any Disposition of such asset (or assets) and or all or a portion of the Capital Stock of the relevant Person that is permitted or not restricted by this Agreement 
 
 (n) restrictions set forth in any agreement relating to any Permitted Lien that limits the right of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to Dispose of or encumber the assets subject thereto 
 
 (o) restrictions contained in any agreement with respect to any NMTC Transaction and 
 
 (p) restrictions or encumbrances imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (o) above provided that no such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Lead Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such encumbrances and other restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in effect prior to the relevant amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. 
 
 Section 6.04 Restricted Payments Certain Payments of Indebtedness . 
 
 (a) The Lead Borrower shall not pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that 
 
 (i) the Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments to the extent necessary to permit any Parent Company 
 
 (A) to pay general administrative costs and expenses (including corporate overhead, legal or similar expenses, expenses to prepare any Tax returns or defend any Tax claims and customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers and or consultants of any Parent Company) and franchise fees and Taxes and similar fees, Taxes and expenses required to enable such Parent Company to maintain its organizational existence or qualification to do business, in each case, which are reasonable and customary and incurred in the ordinary course of business, plus any reasonable and customary indemnification claims made by directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees or consultants of any Parent Company, in each case, to the extent attributable to the ownership or operations of any Parent Company and its subsidiaries (but excluding the portion of such amount that is attributable to the ownership or operations of any subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Lead Borrower and its subsidiaries) 
 
 (B) to pay scheduled and overdue interest and payments as part of an AHYDO catch-up payment, in each case, in respect of any Indebtedness of any Parent Company to the extent the Net Proceeds thereof were contributed to the Lead Borrower . 
 
 (C) to pay audit and other accounting and reporting expenses of such Parent Company to the extent attributable to any Parent Company (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such expenses, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Lead Borrower and or its subsidiaries), the Lead Borrower and its subsidiaries 
 
 (D) for the payment of insurance premiums to the extent attributable to any Parent Company (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any 
 161 

such premiums, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Lead Borrower and or its subsidiaries), the Lead Borrower and its subsidiaries 
 
 (E) pay (x) fees and expenses related to debt or equity offerings by any Parent Company, investments or acquisitions permitted or not restricted by this Agreement (whether or not consummated) and (y) Public Company Costs 
 
 (F) to finance any Investment permitted under Section 6.06 provided that (x) any Restricted Payment under this clause (a)(i)(F) shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment and (y) the relevant Parent Company shall, promptly following the closing thereof, cause (I) all property acquired to be contributed to the Lead Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or (II) the merger, consolidation or amalgamation of the Person formed or acquired into the Lead Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in order to consummate such Investment in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 6.06 as if undertaken as a direct Investment by the Lead Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary) and 
 
 (G) to pay customary salary, bonus, severance and other benefits payable to current or former directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees or consultants of any Parent Company (or any Immediate Family Member of any of the foregoing) to the extent such salary, bonuses and other benefits are attributable and reasonably allocated to the operations of the Lead Borrower and or its subsidiaries, in each case, so long as such Parent Company applies the amount of any such Restricted Payment for such purpose 
 
 (ii) the Lead Borrower may pay (or make Restricted Payments to allow any Parent Company to pay) for the repurchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of Capital Stock of any Parent Company or any subsidiary held by any future, present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager or consultant (or any Affiliate or Immediate Family Member thereof) of any Parent Company, the Lead Borrower or any subsidiary 
 
 (A) in accordance with the terms of promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 6.01(o) , so long as the aggregate amount of all Cash payments made in respect of such promissory notes, together with the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made pursuant to sub-clause (D) of this clause (ii) below, does not exceed in any Fiscal Year the greater of 25,000,000 and 12.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, which, if not used in any Fiscal Year, may be carried forward to subsequent Fiscal Years 
 
 (B) with the proceeds of any sale or issuance of the Capital Stock of the Lead Borrower or any Parent Company (to the extent such proceeds are contributed in respect of Qualified Capital Stock to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) other than any amounts constituting a Cure Amount or any amount that has been added to the Available Excluded Contribution Amount 
 
 (C) with the net proceeds of any key-man life insurance policies or 
 
 (D) with Cash and Cash Equivalents in an amount not to exceed in any Fiscal Year, together with the aggregate amount of all cash payments made pursuant to sub-clause (A) of this clause (ii) in respect of promissory notes issued pursuant to 
 162 

Section 6.01(o) , the greater of 25,000,000 and 12.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, which, if not used in any Fiscal Year, may be carried forward to subsequent Fiscal Years 
 
 (iii) the Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Excluded Contribution Amount on such date that the Lead Borrower elects to apply to this clause (iii) 
 
 (iv) the Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments (i) to any Parent Company to enable such Parent Company to make Cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock of such Parent Company and (ii) consisting of (A) payments made or expected to be made in respect of withholding or similar Taxes payable by any future, present or former officers, directors, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of the Lead Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company or any of their respective Immediate Family Members and or (B) repurchases of Capital Stock in consideration of the payments described in sub-clause (A) above, including demand repurchases in connection with the exercise of stock options 
 
 (v) the Lead Borrower may repurchase (or make Restricted Payments to any Parent Company to enable it to repurchase) Capital Stock upon the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock if such Capital Stock represents all or a portion of the exercise price of , or Tax withholdings with respect to such warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock as part of a cashless exercise 
 
 (vi) (A) for any taxable period (or portion thereof) that a Parent Company is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and for which a Borrower and or any of its subsidiaries are members (or are pass-through entities of such members) of a consolidated, combined, unitary or similar income Tax group for U.S. federal, state, local or foreign income Tax purposes (a Tax Group for which a parent is the common parent, the Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments to such parent to pay the portion of any U.S. federal, state, local or foreign income Taxes (as applicable) of such parent for such taxable period that are attributable to the income of the Lead Borrower and or its applicable subsidiaries provided that the aggregate amount of such distributions shall not exceed the aggregate Taxes the Lead Borrower and or its subsidiaries, as applicable, would be required to pay in respect of such U.S. federal, state, local and foreign Taxes on a stand-alone consolidated basis for such taxable period provided further that the amount of such distributions with respect to any Unrestricted Subsidiary for any taxable period shall be limited to the amount actually paid by such Unrestricted Subsidiary to a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for such purpose and (B) without duplication of amounts payable under clause (A), the Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments to pay the Taxes of such Tax Group attributable to the Performance Chemicals Sale. 
 
 (vii) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments to consummate the Permitted Restructuring and to pay Transaction Costs 
 
 (viii) so long as no Event of Default exists at the time of declaration of such Restricted Payment the Lead Borrower may (or may make Restricted Payments to any Parent Company to enable it to) make Restricted Payments with respect to any Capital Stock not to 
 163 

exceed an aggregate amount per annum equal to the sum of (A) 30,000,000 and (B) an amount equal to 7 of Market Capitalization 
 
 (ix) the Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments to (i) redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire any (A) Capital Stock Treasury Capital Stock of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary or (B) Capital Stock of any Parent Company, in the case of each of subclauses (A) and (B) , in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary) of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Lead Borrower or any Parent Company to the extent any such proceeds are contributed to the capital of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Qualified Capital Stock Refunding Capital Stock and (ii) declare and pay dividends on any Treasury Capital Stock out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) of any Refunding Capital Stock 
 
 (x) to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, the Lead Borrower may consummate any transaction permitted by Section 6.06 (other than Sections 6.06(j) and (t) ), Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(g) and Section 6.09 (other than Section 6.09(d) 
 
 (xi) the Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of 71,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA minus the sum of (A) any amounts under this Section 6.04(a)(xi) reallocated to make Restricted Debt Payments pursuant to Section 6.04(b)(iv) (B) any amounts under this Section 6.04(a)(xi) reallocated to make Investments pursuant to Section 6.06(q) , and (C) any amounts under this Section 6.04(a)(xi) reallocated to incur Indebtedness pursuant to Section 6.01(u) (which may be further reallocated as provided therein) 
 
 (xii) the Lead Borrower may pay any dividend or consummate any redemption within sixty (60) days after the date of the declaration thereof or the provision of a redemption notice with respect thereto, as the case may be, if at the date of such declaration or notice, the dividend or redemption notice would have complied with the provisions hereof 
 
 (xiii) the Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments so long as (A) no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom and (B) the Payment Conditions applicable to Restricted Payments have been satisfied, on a Pro Forma Basis 
 
 (xiv) the Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments to enable any Parent Company to make Restricted Payments solely in the Qualified Capital Stock of such Parent Company 
 
 (xv) the Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments (A) to pay amounts permitted under Section 6.09(f) , (g) , (h) , (i) , (k) and (m) and (B) otherwise in an amount not to exceed 500,000 per calendar year 
 
 (xvi) the Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments in the form of Capital Stock of, or Indebtedness owed to Holdings, the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary by, Unrestricted Subsidiaries (other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries, the primary assets of which are Cash and Cash Equivalents (except to the extent constituting proceeds from the Disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of such Unrestricted Subsidiary) and or intellectual property material (as determined by the Lead Borrower in good faith) to the business of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) and 
 
 164 

(xvii) the Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed 450,000,000 (the Special Dividend ). 
 
 (b) The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make any payment (whether in Cash, securities or other property) on or in respect of principal of (x) any Junior Lien Indebtedness or (y) any Subordinated Indebtedness, in each cases of clauses (x) and (y) , with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (such Indebtedness under clauses (x) and (y) , in each case, with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, the Restricted Debt ), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Restricted Debt prior to its scheduled maturity (collectively, Restricted Debt Payments ), except 
 
 (i) any purchase, defeasance, redemption, repurchase, repayment or other acquisition or retirement of any Restricted Debt made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 (except to the extent subject to clause (iv)(C) of the proviso to Section 6.01(p) 
 
 (ii) payments as part of an AHYDO catch-up payment 
 
 (iii) payments of regularly scheduled interest as and when due in respect of any Restricted Debt, except for any payments with respect to any such Subordinated Indebtedness that are prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof 
 
 (iv) so long as, at the time of delivery of irrevocable notice with respect thereto, no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed (i) the sum of (A) the greater of 71,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (B) any amounts reallocated to this Section 6.04(b)(iv) from Section 6.04(a)(xi) and Section 6.06(q) , minus (ii) any amounts reallocated from this Section 6.04(b)(iv) to make Investments pursuant to Section 6.06(q) 
 
 (v) (A) Restricted Debt Payments in exchange for, or with proceeds of any issuance of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary and or any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (B) Restricted Debt Payments as a result of the conversion of all or any portion of any Restricted Debt into Qualified Capital Stock of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary and (C) to the extent constituting a Restricted Debt Payment, payment-in-kind interest with respect to any Restricted Debt that is permitted under Section 6.01 
 
 (vi) Restricted Debt Payments in an amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Excluded Contribution Amount on such date that the Lead Borrower elects to apply to this clause (vi) 
 
 (vii) Restricted Debt Payments provided that the Payment Conditions applicable to Restricted Debt Prepayments have been satisfied on a Pro Forma Basis 
 
 (viii) Restricted Debt Payments with respect to any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any NMTC Transaction and 
 
 (ix) Restricted Debt Payments to consummate the Permitted Restructuring. 
 
 Section 6.05 Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions . Except as provided herein or in any other Loan Document, the Term Loan Facility Documentation, any document with respect to any 
 165 

Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement or any equivalent term under the Term Facility) and or in agreements with respect to refinancings, renewals or replacements of such Indebtedness that are permitted by Section 6.01, the Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into or cause to exist any agreement restricting the ability of (i) any subsidiary of the Lead Borrower to pay dividends or other distributions to the Lead Borrower or any Loan Party or (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary to make cash loans or advances to the Lead Borrower or any Loan Party, except 
 
 (a) in any agreement evidencing (i) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party permitted by Section 6.01 , (ii) Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 that is secured by a Permitted Lien if the relevant restriction applies only to the Person obligated under such Indebtedness and its Restricted Subsidiaries or the property or assets intended to secure such Indebtedness and (iii) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to clauses (i) , (j) , (m) , (n) , (p) , (q) , (u) , (w) , (x) and or (z) of Section 6.01 
 
 (b) by reason of customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other transfers (including the granting of any Lien) contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, joint venture agreements and similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (c) that are or were created by virtue of any Lien granted upon, transfer of, agreement to transfer or grant of, any option or right with respect to any property, assets or Capital Stock not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement 
 
 (d) assumed in connection with any acquisition of property or the Capital Stock of any Person, so long as the relevant encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the Person and its subsidiaries (including the Capital Stock of the relevant Person or Persons) and or property so acquired (or to the Person or Persons (and its or their subsidiaries) bound thereby) and was not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition 
 
 (e) in any agreement for any Disposition of any Restricted Subsidiary (or all or substantially all of the property and or assets thereof) that restricts the payment of dividends or other distributions or the making of cash loans or advances by such Restricted Subsidiary pending such Disposition 
 
 (f) in provisions in agreements or instruments which prohibit the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions with respect to any class of Capital Stock of a Person other than on a pro rata basis 
 
 (g) imposed by customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited liability company organizational governance documents, joint venture agreements, sale-leaseback agreements, stock sale agreements and other similar agreements 
 
 (h) on Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions imposed by any Person under any contract entered into in the ordinary course of business or for whose benefit such Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions exist 
 
 (i) set forth in documents which exist on the Closing Date and not created in contemplation thereof 
 
 (j) those arising pursuant to an agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred after the Closing Date if the relevant restrictions, taken as a whole, are not 
 166 

materially less favorable to the Lenders than the restrictions contained in this Agreement, taken as a whole (as determined in good faith by the Lead Borrower) 
 
 (k) those arising under or as a result of applicable law, rule, regulation or order or the terms of any license, authorization, concession or permit 
 
 (l) those arising in any Loan Document and or any Loan Document (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement), any Hedge Agreement and or any agreement relating to any Banking Services Obligation 
 
 (m) any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 provided that no such restrictions are, in the good faith judgment of the Lead Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in any Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date (including under this Agreement and the Term Loan Credit Agreement) 
 
 (n) in any agreement with respect to any NMTC Transaction and or 
 
 (o) those imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of any contract, instrument or obligation referred to in clauses (a) through (o) above provided that no such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Lead Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in existence prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. 
 
 Section 6.06 Investments . The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make or own any Investment in any other Person except 
 
 (a) Cash or Investments that were Cash Equivalents at the time made 
 (b) (i)(i)Investments existing on the Closing Date in any subsidiary and (ii) Investments among the Lead Borrower and or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries in any Loan Party (other than Holdings) or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower 
 (c) Investments (i) constituting deposits, prepayments and or other credits to suppliers, (ii) made in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client and customer contracts and or (iii) in the form of advances made to distributors, suppliers, licensors and licensees, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or, in the case of clause (iii) , to the extent necessary to maintain the ordinary course of supplies to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (d) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries or in joint ventures (including in connection with the creation, formation and or acquisition of any joint venture, or in any Restricted Subsidiary to enable such Restricted Subsidiary to make an Investment in joint ventures, including to create, form and or acquire any joint venture) in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of 92,000,000 and 45.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 
 (e) Permitted Acquisitions 
 (f) Investments (i) existing on, or contractually committed to or contemplated as of, the Closing Date, which, to the extent individually greater than 5,000,000 are described on Schedule 6.06 and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment described in clause 
 167 

(i) above so long as no such modification, renewal or extension thereof increases the amount of such Investment except by the terms thereof or as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06 
 (g) Investments received in lieu of Cash in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 6.07 or any other disposition of assets not constituting a Disposition 
 (h) loans or advances to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers or consultants or independent contractors (or their respective Immediate Family Members) of any Parent Company, the Lead Borrower and its subsidiaries and or any joint venture to the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, in connection with such Person s purchase of Capital Stock of any Parent Company, either (i) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of 11,000,000 and 5.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA at any one time outstanding or (ii) so long as the proceeds of such loan or advance are substantially contemporaneously contributed to the Lead Borrower for the purchase of such Capital Stock 
 (i) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business 
 (j) Investments consisting of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 (other than Indebtedness permitted under Sections 6.01(b and (h) ), Permitted Liens, Restricted Payments permitted under Section 6.04 (other than Section 6.04(a)(x) ), Restricted Debt Payments permitted by Section 6.04 and mergers, consolidations, amalgamations, liquidations, windings up, dissolutions or Dispositions permitted by Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(a) (if made in reliance on subclause (ii)(y) of the proviso thereto), Section 6.07(c)(ii) (if made in reliance on clause (B) therein) and Section 6.07(g)) and affiliate transactions permitted by Section 6.09 (other than Section 6.09(d) 
 (k) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit and customary trade arrangements with customers 
 (l) Investments (including debt obligations and Capital Stock) received (i) in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Person, (ii) in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers, suppliers and other account debtors arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) upon foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment and or (iv) as a result of the settlement, compromise, resolution of litigation, arbitration or other disputes 
 (m) loans and advances of payroll payments or other compensation to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers or consultants of any Parent Company (to the extent such payments or other compensation relate to services provided to such Parent Company (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such amount, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Lead Borrower and or its subsidiaries)), the Lead Borrower and or any subsidiary in the ordinary course of business 
 (n) Investments to the extent that payment therefor is made solely with Capital Stock of any Parent Company or Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent not resulting in a Change of Control 
 (o) (i)(i)Investments of any Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date, or of any Person acquired by, or merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with, the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, in each case as part of an Investment otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06 to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of the relevant acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and (ii) any modification, 
 168 

replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment permitted under clause (i) of this Section 6.06(o) so long as no such modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof increases the amount of such Investment except as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06 
 (p) Investments made in connection with the Transactions 
 (q) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Lead Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding an amount equal to (i) the sum of (A) the greater of 132,000,000 and 65.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, (B) any amounts reallocated to this Section 6.06(q) from Section 6.04(a)(xi) and Section 6.04(b)(iv) , and (C) with respect to any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower if the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries made an Investment in such Person after the Closing Date prior to such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, the Fair Market Value of such Investments as of the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, minus (ii) any amounts reallocated from this Section 6.06(q) to make Restricted Debt Payments pursuant to Section 6.04(b)(iv) 
 (r) Investments made after the Restatement Effective Date by the Lead Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Excluded Contribution Amount on such date that the Lead Borrower elects to apply to this clause (r) 
 (s) (i)(i)Guarantees of leases (other than Capital Leases) or of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness and (ii) Guarantees of the lease obligations of suppliers, customers, franchisees and licensees of the Lead Borrower and or its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in the ordinary course of business 
 (t) Investments in any Parent Company in amounts and for purposes for which Restricted Payments to such Parent Company are permitted under Section 6.04(a) provided that any Investment made as provided above in lieu of any such Restricted Payment shall reduce availability under the applicable Restricted Payment basket under Section 6.04(a) 
 (u) reserved 
 (v) Investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures in connection with reorganizations and related activities related to tax planning provided that, after giving effect to any such reorganization and or related activity, the security interest of the Administrative Agent in the Collateral, taken as a whole, is not materially impaired 
 (w) Investments under any Derivative Transaction of the type permitted under Section 6.01(s) 
 (x) reserved 
 (y) Investments made in joint ventures as required by, or made pursuant to, buy sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture agreements and similar binding arrangements in effect on the Closing Date (other than any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of such Investments so long as no such modification, renewal or extension thereof increased the amount of any such Investment except by the terms thereof or as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06 
 (z) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities (whether or not such amounts are then being amortized and paid) to the extent that they are permitted to remain unfunded under applicable law 
 169 

(aa) Investments in any Borrower, any subsidiary and or any joint venture in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements and related activities in the ordinary course of business 
 (bb) Investments so long as, after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis, the Payment Conditions with respect to Investments have been satisfied 
 (cc) Investments consisting of the licensing or contribution of IP Rights pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons 
 (dd) Investments in similar businesses in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of 132,000,000 and 65.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and 
 (ee) Investments made in connection with any NMTC Transaction and 
 (ff) Investments made to consummate the Permitted Restructuring. 
 Section 6.07 Fundamental Changes Disposition of Assets . The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction of merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve themselves (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or make any Disposition of any assets in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, except 
 
 (a) any Restricted Subsidiary may be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Lead Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary provided that (i) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or into the US Borrower, (A) the US Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (B) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation is not the US Borrower (any such Person, the US Successor Borrower ), (x) the US Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or existing under the law of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (y) the US Successor Borrower shall expressly assume the Obligations of the US Borrower in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and concurrently with the consummation of such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, 100 of the Capital Stock of the US Successor Borrower shall be pledged to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and (z)(1) except as the Administrative Agent may otherwise agree, each applicable Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, shall have executed and delivered a reaffirmation agreement with respect to its obligations under the Loan Guaranty and the other Loan Documents it being understood and agreed that if the foregoing conditions under clauses (x) through (z) are satisfied, the US Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, the US Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (2) upon its reasonable request, the Administrative Agent shall have received customary legal opinions, (ii) reserved , (iii) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or into a European Borrower, (A) the applicable European Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (B) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation is not the applicable European Borrower (any such Person, a European Successor Borrower ), (x) the European Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or existing under the laws of the Netherlands or England and Wales, as applicable, (y) the European Successor Borrower shall expressly assume the Obligations of the European Borrower in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (z) each applicable Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, shall have executed and delivered a reaffirmation agreement with respect to its obligations under the Loan Guaranty and the other Loan Documents (and such other additional Loan Documents as may be required to preserve the validity, ranking or perfection of European Collateral and evidence that no new burdening periods shall apply with respect to such European Collateral) it being understood and agreed that if the foregoing conditions 
 170 

under clauses (x) through (z) are satisfied, the European Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, the applicable European Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (iv) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or into any Subsidiary Guarantor, either (x) such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving Person or the continuing or surviving Person shall expressly assume the guarantee obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantor in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or (y) the relevant transaction shall be treated as an Investment and shall comply with Section 6.06 provided , further , that any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Ecovyst) may be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Lead Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary in connection with the Permitted Restructuring 
 (b) Dispositions (including of Capital Stock) among the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) provided that any such Disposition by any Loan Party to any Person that is not a Loan Party shall be (i) for Fair Market Value with at least 75 of the consideration for such Disposition consisting of Cash or Cash Equivalents at the time of such Disposition or (ii) treated as an Investment and otherwise made in compliance with Section 6.06 (other than in reliance on clause (j) thereof) 
 (c) (i) the liquidation or dissolution of any Restricted Subsidiary if the Lead Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Lead Borrower, is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary receives any assets of the relevant dissolved or liquidated Restricted Subsidiary provided that in the case of any liquidation or dissolution of any Loan Party that results in a distribution of assets to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, such distribution shall be treated as an Investment and shall comply with Section 6.06 (other than in reliance on clause (j) thereof) (ii) any merger, amalgamation, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation, the purpose of which is to effect (A) any Disposition otherwise permitted under this Section 6.07 (other than clause (a) , clause (b) or this clause (c) or (B) any Investment permitted under Section 6.06 and (iii) the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may be converted into another form of entity, in each case, so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the value of the Loan Guaranty or Collateral, if any 
 (d) (x) Dispositions of inventory or equipment in the ordinary course of business (including on an intercompany basis) and (y) the leasing or subleasing of real property in the ordinary course of business 
 (e) Dispositions of surplus, obsolete, used or worn out property or other property that, in the reasonable judgment of the Lead Borrower, is (A) no longer useful in its business (or in the business of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower) or (B) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain 
 (f) Dispositions of Cash Equivalents or other assets that were Cash Equivalents when the relevant original Investment was made 
 (g) Dispositions, mergers, amalgamations, consolidations or conveyances that constitute Investments permitted pursuant to Section 6.06 (other than Section 6.06(j) ), Permitted Liens, Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.04(a) (other than Section 6.04(a)(ix) 
 (h) Dispositions for Fair Market Value provided that with respect to any such Disposition with a purchase price in excess of the greater of 81,000,000 and 40.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, at least 75 of the consideration for such Disposition shall consist of Cash or Cash Equivalents provided , that for purposes of the 75 Cash consideration requirement, (w) the amount of any Indebtedness or other liabilities (other than Indebtedness or other liabilities that are subordinated to the Obligations or that are owed to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of the Lead Borrower 
 171 

or any Restricted Subsidiary (as shown on such Person s most recent balance sheet or statement of financial position (or in the notes thereto)) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets and for which the Lead Borrower and or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary have been validly released by all relevant creditors in writing, (x) the amount of any trade-in value applied to the purchase price of any replacement assets acquired in connection with such Disposition, (y) any Securities received by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by such Person into Cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the Cash or Cash Equivalents received) within one hundred eighty (180) days following the closing of the applicable Disposition and (z) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received in respect of such Disposition having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (z) that is at that time outstanding, not in excess of the greater of 81,000,000 and 40.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case, shall be deemed to be Cash provided , further , that (x) on the date on which the agreement governing such Disposition is executed, no Event of Default shall exist and (y) an updated Borrowing Base Certificate shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent as required by Section 5.01(e) 
 (i) to the extent that (i) the relevant property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property 
 (j) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, buy sell arrangements between joint venture or similar parties set forth in the relevant joint venture arrangements and or similar binding arrangements 
 (k) Dispositions of accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business (including any discount and or forgiveness thereof) and any factoring or similar arrangement or in connection with the collection or compromise of any of the foregoing 
 (l) Dispositions and or terminations of leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under any open source license), which (i) do not materially interfere with the business of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) relate to closed facilities or the discontinuation of any product line 
 (m) (i) any termination of any lease in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any expiration of any option agreement in respect of real or personal property and (iii) any surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or surrender of contractual rights or litigation claims (including in tort) in the ordinary course of business 
 (n) Dispositions of property subject to foreclosure, casualty, eminent domain or condemnation proceedings (including in lieu thereof or any similar proceeding) 
 (o) Dispositions or consignments of equipment, inventory or other assets (including leasehold interests in real property) with respect to facilities that are temporarily not in use, held for sale or closed 
 (p) Dispositions in connection with the Transactions 
 (q) Dispositions of non-core assets acquired in connection with any acquisition permitted hereunder and sales of Real Estate Assets acquired in any acquisition permitted hereunder provided that no Event of Default exists on the date on which the definitive agreement governing the relevant Disposition is executed 
 (r) exchanges or swaps, including transactions covered by Section 1031 of the Code (or any comparable provision of any foreign jurisdiction), of property or assets so long as any such 
 172 

exchange or swap is made for fair value (as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower) for like property or assets provided that upon the consummation of any such exchange or swap by any Loan Party, to the extent the property received does not constitute an Excluded Asset, the Administrative Agent has a perfected Lien with the same priority as the Lien held on the Real Estate Assets so exchanged or swapped 
 (s) Dispositions set forth on Schedule 6.07(s) 
 (t) (i) licensing and cross-licensing arrangements involving any technology, intellectual property or IP Rights of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (ii) Dispositions, abandonments, cancellations or lapses of IP Rights, or issuances or registrations, or applications for issuances or registrations, of IP Rights, which, in the reasonable good faith determination of the Lead Borrower, are not material to the conduct of the business of the Lead Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, or are no longer economical to maintain in light of its use 
 (u) terminations or unwinds of Derivative Transactions 
 (v) Dispositions of Capital Stock of, or sales of Indebtedness or other Securities of, Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 (w) Dispositions of Real Estate Assets and related assets in the ordinary course of business in connection with relocation activities for directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of any Parent Company, the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (x) Dispositions made to comply with any order of any agency of the U.S. Federal government, any state, authority or other regulatory body or any applicable Requirement of Law 
 (y) any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, Disposition or conveyance the sole purpose of which is to reincorporate or reorganize (i) any Domestic Subsidiary in another jurisdiction in the U.S. and or (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary in the U.S. or any other jurisdiction 
 (z) any sale of motor vehicles and information technology equipment purchased at the end of an operating lease and resold thereafter 
 (aa) Dispositions involving assets having a Fair Market Value in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year of not more than the greater of 71,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, which if not used in any Fiscal Year, may be carried forward to subsequent Fiscal Years 
 (bb) Sale and Lease-Back Transactions of assets having a Fair Market Value in the aggregate of not more than the greater of 102,000,000 and 50.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 
 (cc) Dispositions or conveyances that arise out of or relate to any (i) Specified Lease Transaction or (ii) NMTC Transaction 
 (dd) Dispositions or conveyances to consummate the Permitted Restructuring and 
 (ee) the Performance Chemicals Sale. 
 To the extent that any Collateral is Disposed of as expressly permitted by this Section 6.07 to any Person other than a Loan Party, such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents, which Liens shall be automatically released upon the consummation of such Disposition it 
 173 

being understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to take, and shall take, any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect the foregoing in accordance with Article 8 . 
 
 Section 6.08 Reserved . 
 
 Section 6.09 Transactions with Affiliates . The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) involving payment in excess of 20,000,000 with any of their respective Affiliates on terms that are less favorable to the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be (as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower), than those that might be obtained at the time in a comparable arm s-length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to 
 
 (a) any transaction between or among Holdings, the Lead Borrower and or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries (or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction) to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement 
 (b) any issuance, sale or grant of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of employment arrangements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of any Parent Company or of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (c) (i) any collective bargaining, employment or severance agreement or compensatory (including profit sharing) arrangement entered into by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with their respective current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or those of any Parent Company, (ii) any subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Capital Stock pursuant to put call rights or similar rights with current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors and (iii) transactions pursuant to any employee compensation, benefit plan, stock option plan or arrangement, any health, disability or similar insurance plan which covers current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or any employment contract or arrangement 
 (d) (i)(i)transactions permitted by Sections 6.01 , 6.02 , 6.04 , 6.06 and 6.07 and (ii) issuances of Capital Stock and Indebtedness not restricted by this Agreement 
 (e) transactions in existence on the Closing Date or pursuant to any agreements or arrangements in effect on the Closing Date and any amendment, modification or extension thereof to the extent such amendment, modification or extension, taken as a whole, is not (i) materially adverse to the Lenders or (ii) more disadvantageous to the Lenders than the relevant transaction in existence on the Closing Date 
 (f) the payment or reimbursement of all indemnification obligations and expenses owed to any Investor and any of their respective directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees and consultants pursuant to any reimbursement agreement or reimbursement arrangement entered into by a Borrower (and or Holdings and any Parent Company) whether currently due or paid in respect of accruals from prior periods 
 (g) the Transactions, including the payment of Transaction Costs and payments required in connection with the Permitted Restructuring 
 174 

(h) customary compensation to Affiliates in connection with financial advisory, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities and other transaction fees, which payments are approved by the majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) or a majority of the disinterested members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Lead Borrower in good faith 
 (i) transactions and payments required under the definitive agreement for any acquisition or Investment permitted under this Agreement (to the extent any seller, employee, officer or director of the acquired entities becomes an Affiliate in connection with such transaction) 
 (j) transactions among the Loan Parties to the extent permitted under this Article 6 
 (k) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, members of the board of directors (or similar governing body), officers, employees, members of management, managers, consultants and independent contractors of the Lead Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and, in the case of payments to such Person in such capacity on behalf of any Parent Company, to the extent attributable to the operations of the Lead Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries 
 (l) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, joint ventures, purchasers or sellers of goods or services or providers of employees or other labor entered into in the ordinary course of business, which are (i) fair to the Lead Borrower and or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary in the good faith determination of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Lead Borrower or the senior management thereof or (ii) on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably be obtained from a Person other than an Affiliate 
 (m) the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses related to registration rights and customary indemnities provided to shareholders under any shareholder agreement 
 (n) (i) any purchase by Holdings of the Capital Stock of (or contribution to the equity capital of) the Lead Borrower and (ii) any intercompany loans made by Holdings to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and 
 (o) any transaction in respect of which the Lead Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter addressed to the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Lead Borrower from an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm of nationally recognized standing stating that such transaction is on terms that are no less favorable to the Lead Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary than might be obtained at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate. 
 Section 6.10 Conduct of Business . From and after the Closing Date, the Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, engage in any material line of business other than (a) the businesses engaged in by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary on the Closing Date and similar, complementary, ancillary or related businesses and (b) such other lines of business to which the Administrative Agent may consent. 
 
 Section 6.11 Reserved . 
 
 Section 6.12 Amendments of or Waivers with Respect to Restricted Debt . The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, amend or otherwise modify the terms of any Junior Lien Indebtedness constituting Restricted Debt (or the documentation governing any Junior Lien Indebtedness constituting Restricted Debt) if the effect of such amendment or 
 175 

modification, together with all other amendments or modifications made, is in the reasonable judgment of the Lead Borrower materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (in their capacities as such) provided that, (a) for purposes of clarity, it is understood and agreed that the foregoing limitation shall not otherwise prohibit any Refinancing Indebtedness or any other replacement, refinancing, amendment, supplement, modification, extension, renewal, restatement or refunding of any Restricted Debt, in each case, that is permitted under this Agreement in respect thereof, and (b) at the request of the Lead Borrower, the form of any documentation governing any Junior Lien Indebtedness constituting Restricted Debt shall be deemed acceptable to the Lenders if posted to the Lenders and not objected to by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days thereafter. 
 
 Section 6.13 Fiscal Year . The Lead Borrower shall not change its Fiscal Year-end provided that, the Lead Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change the Fiscal Year-end of the Lead Borrower to end on a specific date e.g. December 31) or adopt another fiscal calendar, in which case the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary to reflect such change in Fiscal Year. 
 
 Section 6.14 Permitted Activities of Holdings . Holdings shall not 
 
 (a) incur any Indebtedness for borrowed money other than (i) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents, any Term Loan Facility or otherwise in connection with the Transactions, (ii) Indebtedness of the type permitted under Sections 6.01(a) , (o) and (z) and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof (including any Guarantees thereof) and (iii) Guarantees of (x) Indebtedness or other obligations of the Lead Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary that are otherwise permitted hereunder and (y) Indebtedness or other obligations under any Term Loan Facility 
 (b) create or suffer to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired other than (i) the Liens created under the Collateral Documents to which it is a party, (ii) any other Lien created in connection with the Transactions, (iii) Permitted Liens on the Collateral that are secured on a pari passu or junior basis with the Secured Obligations, so long as such Permitted Liens secure Guarantees permitted under clause (a)(iii) above and the underlying Indebtedness subject to such Guarantee is permitted to be secured on the same basis pursuant to Section 6.02 and (iv) Liens of the type permitted under Section 6.02 (other than in respect of debt for borrowed money) 
 (c) engage in any business activity or own any material assets other than (i) directly or indirectly holding the Capital Stock of the Lead Borrower and any subsidiary of the Lead Borrower, (ii) performing its obligations under the Loan Documents, any ABL Facility and other Indebtedness, Liens (including the granting of Liens) and Guarantees permitted to be incurred, granted or made, as applicable, by it hereunder and any permitted refinancing thereof (iii) issuing its own Capital Stock (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the making of any dividend or distribution on account of, or any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value of, any shares of any class of Capital Stock) (iv) filing Tax reports and paying Taxes and other customary obligations in the ordinary course (and contesting any Taxes) (v) preparing reports to Governmental Authorities and to its shareholders (vi) holding director and shareholder meetings, preparing organizational records and other organizational activities required to maintain its separate organizational structure or to comply with applicable Requirements of Law (vii) effecting the Transactions (viii) holding (A) Cash, Cash Equivalents and other assets received in connection with permitted distributions or dividends received from, or permitted Investments or permitted Dispositions made by, any of its subsidiaries or permitted contributions to the capital of, or proceeds from the issuance of Capital Stock or debt securities of, Holdings or any Parent Company pending the application thereof and (B) the proceeds of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by it hereunder (ix) providing indemnification for its officers, directors, members of management, employees and advisors or consultants (x) participating in tax, accounting and other administrative matters (xi) making payments of the type permitted under Section 
 176 

6.09(f) and the performance of its obligations under any document, agreement and or Investment contemplated by the Transactions or otherwise not prohibited under this Agreement (xii) complying with applicable Requirements of Law (including with respect to the maintenance of its existence) (xiii) making and holding intercompany loans to Holdings, the Lead Borrower and or the Restricted Subsidiaries of the Lead Borrower, as applicable (xv) making and holding Investments of the type permitted under Section 6.06(h) (xiv) making Investments directly or indirectly in the Lead Borrower (and other Investment contemplated by Section 6.04(a) and making any Restricted Payment (assuming for such purpose that the definition thereof applies to the Capital Stock of Holdings)) and (xv) activities incidental to any of the foregoing or 
 (d) consolidate or amalgamate with, or merge with or into, or convey, sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets to, any Person provided that, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, (A) Holdings may consolidate or amalgamate with, or merge with or into, any other Person (other than the Lead Borrower and any of its subsidiaries) so long as (i) Holdings is the continuing or surviving Person or (ii) if the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, amalgamation or merger is not Holdings, (x) the successor Person expressly assumes all obligations of Holdings under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Holdings is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto and or thereto in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (y) the Lead Borrower delivers a certificate of a Responsible Officer with respect to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in clause (x) of this clause (A), (B) Holdings may convey, sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets (including the Capital Stock of the Lead Borrower) to any other Person so long as (w) no Change of Control results therefrom, (x)(1) the Person acquiring such assets expressly assumes all of the obligations of Holdings under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Holdings is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto and or thereto in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (2) concurrently with the consummation of such transfer, causes 100 of the Capital Stock of the Lead Borrower to be pledged to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and (y) the Lead Borrower delivers a certificate of a Responsible Officer with respect to the satisfaction of the conditions under clause (w) set forth in this clause (B) and (z) upon its reasonable request, the Administrative Agent shall have received a customary legal opinion provided, further, that if the conditions set forth in the preceding proviso are satisfied, the successor to Holdings will succeed to, and be substituted for, Holdings under this Agreement and Holdings shall be released from all obligations under the Loan Documents, and (C) Holdings may convert into another form of entity so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the value of the Loan Guaranty or the pledge of the Capital Stock in the Lead Borrower provided , that notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.14 , Holdings may incur any Indebtedness, own material assets, and consolidate or amalgamate with, or merge with or into, or convey, sell or otherwise transfer assets to any Person, in each case, in connection with the Permitted Restructuring. 
 Section 6.15 Financial Covenant . 
 
 (a) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . During any Covenant Trigger Period, the Lead Borrower will not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period) to be less than 1.00 1.00. 
 (b) Financial Cure . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement (including Article 7 ), in the event the Lead Borrower has failed to comply with Section 6.15(a) above for any Fiscal Quarter, the Lead Borrower shall have the right (the Cure Right (at any time during such Fiscal Quarter or thereafter until the date that is 15 Business Days after the date on which financial statements for such Fiscal Quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable) to issue Qualified Capital Stock or other equity (such other equity to be on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) for Cash or otherwise receive Cash contributions in respect of Qualified Capital Stock (the Cure Amount ), and thereupon the Lead Borrower s compliance with 
 177 

Section 6.15(a) shall be recalculated giving effect to a pro forma increase in the amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA by an amount equal to the Cure Amount (notwithstanding the absence of a related addback in the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA solely for the purpose of determining compliance with Section 6.15(a) as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter and for applicable subsequent periods that include such Fiscal Quarter. If, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculation (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account any immediate repayment of Indebtedness in connection therewith), the requirements of Section 6.15(a) would be satisfied, then the requirements of Section 6.15(a) shall be deemed satisfied as of the end of the relevant Fiscal Quarter with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable breach or default of Section 6.15(a) that had occurred (or would have occurred) shall be deemed cured for the purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) in each four consecutive Fiscal Quarter period there shall be at least two Fiscal Quarters (which may, but are not required to be, consecutive) in which the Cure Right is not exercised, (ii) during the term of this Agreement, the Cure Right shall not be exercised more than five times, (iii) the Cure Amount shall be no greater than the amount required for the purpose of complying with Section 6.15(a) , (iv) upon the Administrative Agent s receipt of a written notice from the Lead Borrower that the Lead Borrower intends to exercise the Cure Right (a Notice of Intent to Cure ), until the 15th Business Day following the date on which financial statements for the Fiscal Quarter to which such Notice of Intent to Cure relates are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable, neither the Administrative Agent (nor any sub-agent therefor) nor any Lender shall exercise any right to accelerate the Revolving Loans or terminate the Commitments or any Additional Revolving Commitments, and none of the Administrative Agent (nor any sub-agent therefor) nor any Lender or Secured Party shall exercise any right to foreclose on or take possession of the Collateral or any other right or remedy under the Loan Documents solely on the basis of the relevant Event of Default under Section 6.15(a) , (v) during any Test Period in which any Cure Amount is included in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as a result of any exercise of the Cure Right, such Cure Amount shall be (A) counted solely as an increase to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (and not as a reduction of Indebtedness) for the purpose of determining compliance with Section 6.15(a) for the Fiscal Quarter in respect of which the Cure Right was exercised (other than, with respect to any future period, to the extent of any portion of such Cure Amount that is actually applied to repay Indebtedness) and (B) disregarded for all other purposes, including the purpose of determining basket levels set forth in Article 6 of this Agreement and (vi) no Lender or Issuing Bank shall be required to make any Loan or issue any Letter of Credit from and after such time as the Administrative Agent has received the Notice of Intent to Cure unless and until the Cure Amount is actually received. 
 ARTICLE 7 
 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 Section 7.01 Events of Default . If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default shall occur 
 
 (a) Failure To Make Payments When Due . Failure by the Lead Borrower to pay (i) any principal of any Revolving Loan when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, by notice of voluntary prepayment, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise or (ii) any interest on any Revolving Loan or any fee or any other amount due hereunder within five Business Days after the date due or 
 (b) Default in Other Agreements . (i) Failure by any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to pay when due any principal of or interest on or any other amount payable in respect of one or more items of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness referred to in clause (a) above) with an aggregate outstanding principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, in each case beyond the grace period, if any, provided therefor or (ii) breach or event default by any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any other term of (A) one or more items of Indebtedness with an 
 178 

aggregate outstanding principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount or (B) any loan agreement, mortgage, indenture or other agreement relating to such item(s) of Indebtedness (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to Indebtedness consisting of Hedging Obligations, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement which are not the result of any default thereunder by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary), in each case, beyond the grace or cure period, if any, provided therefor, but solely to the extent the effect of such breach or event of default is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, such Indebtedness to become or be declared due and payable (or mandatorily redeemable) prior to its stated maturity or the stated maturity of any underlying obligation, as the case may be provided that clause (ii) of this paragraph (b) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property securing such Indebtedness if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder provided , further , that any failure described under clause (i) or (ii) above is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness prior to any termination of the Commitments or acceleration of the Revolving Loans pursuant to this Article 7 
 (c) Breach of Certain Covenants . Failure of any Loan Party, as required by the relevant provision, to perform or comply with any term or condition contained in Section 5.01(e)(i) , Section 5.02 (solely as it applies to the preservation of the existence of the Lead Borrower), or Article 6 or 
 (d) Breach of Representations, Etc . Any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made by any Loan Party in any Loan Document or in any certificate required to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Perfection Certificate and any Perfection Certificate Supplement) being untrue in any material respect as of the date made or deemed made, it being understood and agreed that any breach of representation, warranty or certification resulting from the failure of the Administrative Agent to file any Uniform Commercial Code continuation statement shall not result in an Event of Default under this Section 7.01(d) or any other provision of any Loan Document or 
 (e) Other Defaults Under Loan Documents . Default by any Loan Party (i) in the performance of or compliance with Section 5.01(l) which default has not been remedied or waived within five Business Days (or three Business Days when delivery of weekly Borrowing Base Certificates is required) after receipt by the Lead Borrower of written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent, (ii) in the performance of or compliance with Section 5.16 which default has not been remedied or waived within ten days (or two days during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Period) after receipt by the Lead Borrower of written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent or (iii) in the performance of or compliance with any term contained herein or any of the other Loan Documents (other than any such term referred to in the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii) or in any other Section of this Article 7), which default has not been remedied or waived within thirty (30) days (as may be extended to sixty (60) days by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after receipt by the Lead Borrower of written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent or 
 (f) Involuntary Bankruptcy Appointment of Receiver, Etc . (i) The entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of a decree or order for relief in respect of Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) in an involuntary case under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, which decree or order is not stayed or any other similar relief shall be granted under any applicable federal, provincial, state or local law (ii) the commencement of an involuntary case against Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) under any Debtor Relief Law the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, receiver and manager, (preliminary) insolvency receiver, liquidator, sequestrator, trustee, custodian or other officer having similar powers over Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted 
 179 

Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary), or over all or a substantial part of its property (iii) with respect to any UK Loan Party, the suspension of payments, order for relief, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (whether by way of voluntary or involuntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) or (iv) the involuntary appointment of an interim receiver, trustee, administrative receiver, administrator or other custodian of Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) for all or a substantial part of its property, which in the case of a Loan Party other than the UK Loan Parties remains undismissed, unvacated, unbounded or unstayed pending appeal for sixty (60) consecutive days or in the case of a UK Loan Party such action or proceeding is being contested in good faith and is not discharged, stayed or dismissed within 21 days of commencement or 
 (g) Voluntary Bankruptcy Appointment of Receiver, Etc . (i) The entry against Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of an order for relief, the commencement by Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of a voluntary case under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case or to the conversion of an involuntary case to a voluntary case, under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, receiver and manager, trustee, administrative receiver, administrator or other custodian for all or a substantial part of its property (ii) the making by Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of a general assignment, composition, compromise or arrangements for the benefit of creditors or (iii) the admission by Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) in writing of their inability to pay their respective debts as such debts become due or 
 (h) Judgments and Attachments . The entry or filing of one or more final money judgments, writs or warrants of attachment or similar process against Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets involving in the aggregate at any time an amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (in either case to the extent not adequately covered by indemnity from a third party as to which the relevant indemnitor has been notified and not denied coverage, by self-insurance (if applicable) or by insurance as to which the relevant third party insurance company has been notified and not denied coverage), which judgment, writ, warrant or similar process remains unpaid, undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed pending appeal for a period of sixty (60) days or 
 (i) Employee Benefit Plans UK Pensions . The occurrence of one or more ERISA Events, which individually or in the aggregate result in liability of Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or the issuance by the Pensions Regulator of one or more Contribution Notices or Financial Support Directions to any UK Loan Party in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (j) Change of Control . The occurrence of a Change of Control or 
 (k) Guaranties, Collateral Documents and Other Loan Documents . At any time after the execution and delivery thereof (i) any material Loan Guaranty for any reason ceasing to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with its terms or as a result of the occurrence of the Termination Date) or being declared, by a court of competent jurisdiction, to be null and void or the repudiation in writing by any Loan Party of its obligations thereunder (other than as a result of the discharge of such Loan Party in accordance with the terms thereof and other than solely as a result of acts or omissions by the Administrative Agent or any Lender), (ii) this Agreement or any material Collateral 
 180 

Document ceasing to be in full force and effect (other than by reason of a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, the occurrence of the Termination Date or any other termination of such Collateral Document in accordance with the terms thereof) or being declared null and void or any Lien on Collateral created under any Collateral Document ceasing to be perfected with respect to a material portion of the Collateral (other than solely by reason of (x) the failure of the Administrative Agent to maintain possession of any Collateral actually delivered to it or the failure of the Administrative Agent to file UCC (or equivalent) continuation statements, (y) a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or (z) the occurrence of the Termination Date or any other termination of such Collateral Document in accordance with the terms thereof) or being declared null and void or (iii) the contesting by any Loan Party of the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document (or any Lien purported to be created by the Collateral Documents or Loan Guaranty) in writing or denial by any Loan Party in writing that it has any further liability (other than by reason of the occurrence of the Termination Date), including with respect to future advances by the Lenders, under any Loan Document to which it is a party it being understood and agreed that the failure of the Administrative Agent to maintain possession of any Collateral actually delivered to it or file any UCC (or equivalent) continuation statement shall not result in an Event of Default under this clause (k) or any other provision of any Loan Document or 
 (l) Subordination . The Obligations ceasing or the assertion in writing by any Loan Party that the Obligations cease to constitute senior indebtedness under the subordination provisions of any document or instrument evidencing any permitted Subordinated Indebtedness in excess of the Threshold Amount or any such subordination provision being invalidated or otherwise ceasing, for any reason, to be valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the parties thereto 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Lead Borrower described in clause (f) or (g) of this Article) and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Lead Borrower, take any of the following actions, at the same or different times (i) terminate the Commitments or any Additional Revolving Commitments, and thereupon such Commitments and or Additional Revolving Commitments shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the Revolving Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Revolving Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by each Borrower and (iii) require that the US Borrower deposit in the US LC Collateral Account and the European Borrowers deposit in the European LC Collateral Account, an additional amount in Cash as reasonably requested by the Issuing Banks (not to exceed 101 of the relevant face amount) of the then outstanding US LC Exposure (minus the amount then on deposit in the US LC Collateral Account) or European LC Exposure (minus the amount then on deposit in the European LC Collateral Account), as applicable provided that upon the occurrence of an event with respect to any Borrower (other than any Borrower that is a Dutch Loan Party or UK Loan Party that is not bound by the applicable Debtor Relief Laws) described in clause (f) or (g) of this Article, any such Commitments and or Additional Revolving Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Loan Document, all rights and remedies hereunder and under any other Loan Document or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC, shall be exercised exclusively by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required 
 181 

Lenders shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC. 
 ARTICLE 8 
 
 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 Section 8.01 The Administrative Agent . 
 
 Each of the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints Citi (or any successor appointed pursuant hereto) as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf, including execution of the other Loan Documents, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 Any Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, unless the context otherwise requires or unless such Person is in fact not a Lender, include each Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any subsidiary of any Loan Party or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default exists, and the use of the term agent herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law it being understood that such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary power, except discretionary rights and powers that are expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents and which the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the relevant circumstances as provided in Section 9.02 provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable laws, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable to the Lenders or any other Secured Party for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or 
 182 

percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the relevant circumstances as provided in Section 9.02 or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Lead Borrower or any Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection with any Loan Document, (iii) the performance or observance of any covenant, agreement or other term or condition set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien on the Collateral or the existence, value or sufficiency of the Collateral, (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 4 or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or (vii) any property, book or record of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof. 
 If any Lender acquires knowledge of the existence of a Default or Event of Default, it shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders thereof in writing. Each Lender agrees that, except with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, it will not take any enforcement action hereunder or under any other Loan Document, accelerate the Obligations under any Loan Document, or exercise any right that it might otherwise have under applicable law or otherwise to credit bid at any foreclosure sale, UCC sale, any sale under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or other similar Dispositions of Collateral. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, a Lender may take action to preserve or enforce its rights against a Loan Party where a deadline or limitation period is applicable that would, absent such action, bar enforcement of the Obligations held by such Lender, including the filing of a proof of claim in a case under the Bankruptcy Code. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents, Holdings, the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and each Secured Party agree that (i) no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce the Loan Documents it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder shall be exercised solely and exclusively by, the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in accordance with the terms hereof and all powers, rights and remedies under the other Loan Documents shall be exercised solely and exclusively by, the Administrative Agent, and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure by the Administrative Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or in the event of any other Disposition (including pursuant to Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code), (A) the Administrative Agent, as agent for and representative of the Secured Parties, shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the Administrative Agent at such Disposition and (B) the Administrative Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such Disposition. 
 No holder of any Secured Hedging Obligation or Secured Banking Services Obligation in its respective capacity as such shall have any rights in connection with (i) the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Loan Party under this Agreement or (ii) any waiver, consent, modification or any amendment with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorizes (and by entering into a Hedge Agreement with respect to any Secured Hedging Obligation and or by entering into documentation in connection with any Banking Services Obligation, each of the other Secured Parties hereby authorizes 
 183 

and shall be deemed to authorize) the Administrative Agent, on behalf of all Secured Parties to take any of the following actions upon the instruction of the Required Lenders 
 
 (a) consent to the Disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral free and clear of the Liens securing the Secured Obligations in connection with any Disposition pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including Section 363 thereof 
 (b) credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, or purchase all or any portion of the Collateral (in each case, either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles), in connection with any Disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Section 363 thereof 
 (c) credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, or purchase all or any portion of the Collateral (in each case, either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles), in connection with any Disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral pursuant to the applicable provisions of the UCC, including pursuant to Sections 9-610 or 9-620 of the UCC 
 (d) credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, or purchase all or any portion of the Collateral (in each case, either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles), in connection with any foreclosure or other Disposition conducted in accordance with applicable law following the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, including by power of sale, judicial action or otherwise and or 
 (e) estimate the amount of any contingent or unliquidated Secured Obligations of such Lender or other Secured Party 
 
 it being understood that no Lender shall be required to fund any amount in connection with any purchase of all or any portion of the Collateral by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the foregoing clause (b) , (c) or (d) without its prior written consent. 
 Each Secured Party agrees that the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to credit bid any part of the Secured Obligations or to purchase or retain or acquire any portion of the Collateral provided that, in connection with any credit bid or purchase described under clause (b) , (c) or (d) of the preceding paragraph, the Secured Obligations owed to all of the Secured Parties (other than with respect to contingent or unliquidated liabilities as set forth in the next succeeding paragraph) may be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent on a ratable basis. 
 With respect to each contingent or unliquidated claim that is a Secured Obligation, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, but is not required, to estimate the amount thereof for purposes of any credit bid or purchase described in the second preceding paragraph so long as the estimation of the amount or liquidation of such claim would not unduly delay the ability of the Administrative Agent to credit bid the Secured Obligations or purchase the Collateral in the relevant Disposition. In the event that the Administrative Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, elects not to estimate any such contingent or unliquidated claim or any such claim cannot be estimated without unduly delaying the ability of the Administrative Agent to consummate any credit bid or purchase in accordance with the second preceding paragraph, then any contingent or unliquidated claims not so estimated shall be disregarded, shall not be credit bid, and shall not be entitled to any interest in the portion or the entirety of the Collateral purchased by means of such credit bid. 
 Each Secured Party whose Secured Obligations are credit bid under clause (b) , (c) or (d) of the third preceding paragraph shall be entitled to receive interests in the Collateral or any other asset acquired in connection with such credit bid (or in the Capital Stock of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such acquisition) on a ratable basis in accordance with the percentage obtained by dividing (x) the amount of the Secured Obligations of such Secured Party that were credit bid in such credit bid or other Disposition, by (y) the aggregate amount of all Secured Obligations that were credit bid in such credit bid or other Disposition. 
 184 

In addition, in case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, each Secured Party agrees that the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Revolving Loan or LC exposure is then due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrowers) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 
 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Revolving Loans or LC Exposure and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts to the extent due to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.12 and 9.03 allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same. 
 Any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent consents to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amount due to the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.12 and 9.03 . 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Revolving Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender, or the applicable Issuing Bank, unless the Administrative Agent has received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuing Bank prior to the making of such Revolving Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it provided , however, that any such sub-agent receiving payments from the Loan Parties shall be a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 (or has validly agreed to be treated as a 
 185 

U.S. person pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv)(A)). The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. 
 
 The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Lead Borrower. If the Administrative Agent becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding, either the Required Lenders or the Lead Borrower may, upon ten days notice, remove the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation or delivery of any such notice of removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Lead Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a commercial bank or trust company with offices in the U.S. having combined capital and surplus in excess of 1,000,000,000 and who shall be a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 (or has validly agreed to be treated as a U.S. person pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv)(A)) provided that during the existence and continuation of an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) or, with respect to Holdings or the Borrowers, Section 7.01(f) or (g) , no consent of the Lead Borrower shall be required. If no successor shall have been appointed as provided above and accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation or the Administrative Agent receives notice of removal, then (a) in the case of a retirement, the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above (including, for the avoidance of doubt, consent of the Lead Borrower) or (b) in the case of a removal, the Lead Borrower may, after consulting with the Required Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above provided that (x) in the case of a retirement, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Lead Borrower, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment or (y) in the case of a removal, the Lead Borrower notifies the Required Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then, in each case, such resignation or removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with and on the thirtieth (30th) day following delivery of such notice and (i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent in its capacity as collateral agent for the Secured Parties for perfection purposes, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations required to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each Issuing Bank directly (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank will cooperate with the Lead Borrower to enable the Lead Borrower to take such actions), until such time as the Required Lenders or the Lead Borrower, as applicable, appoint a successor Administrative Agent who shall be a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 (or has validly agreed to be treated as a U.S. person pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv)(A)), as provided for above in this Section 8.01 . Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder as a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder (other than its obligations under Section 9.13 ). The fees payable by the Borrowers to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Lead Borrower and such successor Administrative Agent. After the Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective 
 186 

Related Parties in respect of any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the relevant Person was acting as Administrative Agent (including for this purpose holding any collateral security following the retirement or removal of the Administrative Agent). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Disqualified Institution (nor any Affiliate thereof) may be appointed as a successor Administrative Agent. For purposes of any Collateral Document governed by the laws of the Netherlands or any other right of pledge governed by the laws of the Netherlands (a Dutch Collateral Document ), any resignation by the Administrative Agent is not effective with respect to its rights under the Parallel Debts until all rights and obligations under the Parallel Debts have been assigned and assumed to the successor agent. The Administrative Agent will reasonably cooperate in transferring its rights and obligations under the Parallel Debts to any such successor agent and will reasonably cooperate in transferring all rights under any Dutch Collateral Document to such successor agent. Any resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation or removal as Swingline Lender (except as to already outstanding Swingline Loans, as to which the Swingline Lender shall continue in such capacity until such Swingline Loans have been repaid). Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Swingline Lender. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, each Issuing Bank may, upon ten days prior written notice to the Lead Borrower, each other Issuing Bank and the Lenders, resign as Issuing Bank, which resignation shall be effective as of the date referenced in such notice (but in no event less than ten days after the delivery of such written notice) it being understood that in the event of any such resignation, any Letter of Credit then outstanding shall remain outstanding (irrespective of whether any amounts have been drawn at such time). In the event of any such resignation as an Issuing Bank, the Lead Borrower shall, unless an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) or, with respect to Holdings or the Borrowers, Section 7.01(f) or (g) then exists, be entitled to appoint any Revolving Lender that is willing to accept such appointment as successor Issuing Bank hereunder. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Issuing Bank hereunder by a successor Issuing Bank, such successor Issuing Bank thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Issuing Bank and the retiring Issuing Bank shall be discharged from its duties and obligations in such capacity hereunder. 
 Each Lender, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent of each or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent of each or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks by the Administrative Agent herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender, the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Arrangers shall not have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement, except in their respective capacities as the Administrative Agent, an Issuing Bank or a Lender hereunder, as applicable. 
 
 187 

Each Secured Party irrevocably authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent, 
 
 (a) shall release any Lien on any property granted to or held by Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon the occurrence of the Termination Date, (ii) that is sold or to be sold or transferred as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted under the Loan Documents to a Person that is not a Loan Party, (iii) that does not constitute (or ceases to constitute) Collateral (including as a result of being or becoming an Excluded Asset), (iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Subsidiary Guarantor, upon the release of such Subsidiary Guarantor from its Loan Guaranty otherwise in accordance with the Loan Documents, (v) as required under clause (d) below or (vi) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 9.02 
 
 (b) shall subject to Section 9.22 , release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction or series of related transactions permitted hereunder), as certified by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower 
 
 (c) may subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Sections 6.02(d) , 6.02(e) , 6.02(g) , 6.02(m) , 6.02(n) , 6.02(o)(i) (other than any Lien on the Capital Stock of any Subsidiary Guarantor), 6.02(q) , 6.02(r) , 6.02(x) , 6.02(y) , 6.02(bb) , 6.02(cc) , 6.02(ee) and 6.02(ff) (and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any thereof to the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted to be secured under Section 6.02(k)) provided that the subordination of any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent shall only be required with respect to any Lien on such property that is permitted by Sections 6.02(o)(i) , 6.02(q) , 6.02(r) and or 6.02(bb) to the extent that the Lien of the Administrative Agent with respect to such property is required to be subordinated to the relevant Permitted Lien in accordance with applicable law or the documentation governing the Indebtedness that is secured by such Permitted Lien and 
 
 (d) shall enter into subordination, intercreditor and or similar agreements with respect to Indebtedness (including any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) that is (i) required or permitted to be subordinated hereunder and or (ii) secured by Liens, and with respect to which Indebtedness, this Agreement contemplates an intercreditor, subordination or collateral trust agreement provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to subordinate any Lien pursuant to this clause (d)(ii) other than to the extent contemplated by clause (c) of this paragraph. 
 
 Upon the request of the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Loan Party from its obligations under the Guarantee or its Lien on any Collateral pursuant to this Article 8 . In each case as specified in this Article 8 , the Administrative Agent will (and each Lender, and Issuing Bank, hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to), at the Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents or to subordinate its interest therein, or to release such Loan Party from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Article 8 provided that upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the Lead Borrower shall deliver a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that the relevant transaction has been consummated in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 188 

The Administrative Agent is authorized to enter into any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and any other intercreditor, subordination, collateral trust or similar agreement contemplated hereby with respect to Indebtedness that is (i) required or permitted to be subordinated hereunder and or (ii) secured by Liens and which Indebtedness contemplates an intercreditor, subordination or collateral trust agreement (any such other intercreditor agreement, an Additional Agreement ), and the parties hereto acknowledge that each Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement (including any Additional Agreement) is binding upon them. Each Lender and Issuing Bank (a) hereby consents to the subordination of the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations on the terms set forth in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, (b) hereby agrees that it will be bound by, and will not take any action contrary to the provisions of any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement (including any Additional Agreement) and (c) hereby authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to enter into any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement (including any Additional Agreement), as applicable, and to subject the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations to the provisions thereof. The foregoing provisions are intended as an inducement to the Secured Parties to extend credit to the Borrowers, and the Secured Parties are intended third-party beneficiaries of such provisions and the provisions of any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement (including any Additional Agreement). 
 
 To the extent that the Administrative Agent (or any Affiliate thereof) is not reimbursed and indemnified by the Borrowers, the Lenders will reimburse and indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any Affiliate thereof) in proportion to their respective Applicable Percentages (determined as if there were no Defaulting Lenders) for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, costs, expenses or disbursements of whatsoever kind or nature which may be imposed on, asserted against or incurred by the Administrative Agent (or any Affiliate thereof) in performing its duties hereunder or under any other Loan Document or in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agent s (or such affiliate s) gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision). 
 To the extent required by any applicable law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax. If the forms or other documentation required by Section 2.17 are not delivered to the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender not providing such forms or other documentation, an amount equivalent to the applicable withholding tax. If the IRS or any other Governmental Authority asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance which rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax ineffective or for any other reason, such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as tax or otherwise, including any penalties or interest and together with all expenses (including legal expenses, allocated internal costs and out-of-pocket expenses) incurred. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this Section. The provisions of this Section 8.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

189 

Section 8.02 Parallel Debt. 
 
 (a) Each Loan Party which agrees to provide security expressed to be governed by Dutch law (a Dutch Collateral Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to pay to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the amounts due by that Dutch Collateral Party in respect of its Corresponding Obligations as they may exist from time to time. The payment undertaking of each Dutch Collateral Party under this Article 8 Parallel Debt are each to be referred to as a Parallel Debt . 
 
 (b) The Parallel Debts of each Dutch Collateral Party will be payable in the currency or currencies of the Corresponding Obligations and will become due and payable as and when and to the extent one or more of the relevant Corresponding Obligations become due and payable. An Event of Default in respect of the Corresponding Obligations shall constitute a default verzuim within the meaning of section 3 248 of the Dutch Civil Code with respect to the Parallel Debts without any notice being required. 
 
 (c) Each of the parties to this Agreement hereby acknowledges that 
 
 (i) each Parallel Debt constitutes an undertaking, obligation and liability to the Administrative Agent which is separate and independent from, and without prejudice to, the Corresponding Obligations of the relevant Dutch Collateral Party and 
 
 (ii) each Parallel Debt represents the Administrative Agent's own separate and independent claim to receive payment of the Parallel Debt from the relevant Dutch Collateral Party, 
 
 it being understood, in each case, that pursuant to this clause (c), the amount which may become payable by each Dutch Collateral Party as a Parallel Debt shall never exceed the total of the amounts which are payable under or in connection with the Corresponding Obligations at that time. 
 
 (d) For the purpose of this Article 8 the Administrative Agent acts in its own name and on behalf of itself and not as agent, trustee or representative of any other Secured Party. 
 
 Section 8.03 Erroneous Payments. 
 
 (a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party (any such Lender, Issuing Bank, Secured Party or other authorized recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates on behalf of the Administrative Agent were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Issuing Bank, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether purported to be received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the 
 190 

Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect provided , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Erroneous Payment shall include any amounts remitted, transmitted, transferred, distributed or paid to, or realized by, the Administrative Agent (or its affiliates) by, or on behalf of, the Lead Borrower or any Loan Party (collectively, Loan Party Payments or any amounts representing the proceeds of any Collateral, in each case, other than amounts that have been misapplied or otherwise erroneously transmitted or distributed or paid to any Lender provided , that the Obligations of the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties shall be paid, prepaid, discharged and satisfied by the amount of such Loan Party Payments in the manner intended by the applicable Borrower or Loan Party. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. If a Payment Recipient receives any payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise and does not receive a corresponding payment notice or payment advice such payment, prepayment or repayment shall be presumed to be in error absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary. 
 
 (b) Each Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement provided , that such set off, netting and application shall not affect whether any Loan Party Payments or proceeds of Collateral have paid, prepaid, repaid, discharged and satisfied the Obligations of the Loan Parties. 
 
 (c) For so long as an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) has not been returned by any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency to the Administrative Agent after demand therefor in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a) , (i) the Administrative Agent may elect, in its sole discretion on written notice to such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party, that all rights and claims of such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party with respect to the Loans or other Obligations owed to such Person up to the amount of the corresponding Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency in respect of such Erroneous Payment (the Corresponding Loan Amount shall immediately vest in the Administrative Agent upon such election after such election, the Administrative Agent (x) may reflect its ownership interest in Loans in a principal amount equal to the Corresponding Loan Amount in the Register, and (y) upon five business days written notice to such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party, may sell such Loan (or portion thereof) in respect of the Corresponding Loan Amount in accordance with Section 9.05 , and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party (and or against any Payment Recipient that receives funds on its behalf), and (ii) each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold such Loan, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party with respect to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency. For the avoidance of doubt, no vesting or sale pursuant to the foregoing subclause (i) will reduce the Commitments of any Lender or Issuing Bank and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 (d) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Lead Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent of any amounts remitted, transmitted, transferred, distributed or paid to 
 191 

the Administrative Agent (or its affiliates) by, or on behalf of, the Lead Borrower or any Loan Party for the purpose of paying, prepaying, repaying, discharging or otherwise satisfying, in whole or in part, any Obligations or any amounts representing the proceeds of any Collateral. 
 
 (e) No Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 
 
 (f) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 8.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, the termination of the Commitments and or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under the Loan Documents. 
 
 (g) The provisions of this Section 8.03 are intended to reflect an agreement among the Lenders, Issuing Banks, Secured Parties and the Administrative Agent (other than Sections 8.03(c) (solely with respect to assignments and subrogation rights of the Administrative Agent), (d) and (f) and the provisions hereof shall not constitute or create any obligations on the part of the Lead Borrower or any Loan Party. 

ARTICLE 9 
 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 Section 9.01 Notices. 
 
 (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by email (including PDF and similar attachments), as follows 
 
 (i) if to any Loan Party, to such Loan Party in the care of the Lead Borrower at 
 
 192 

Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC Valleybrooke Corporate Center 300 Lindenwood Drive Malvern, PA 19355-1740 Telephone 913-744-2013 Facsimile 913-744-2075 Attention William J. Sichko Email Bill.Sichko pqcorp.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to any Loan Party) Ropes & Gray LLP 1211 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036 Telephone (212) 497-3626 Facsimile (646) 728-1667 Attention Jay J. Kim Email Jay.Kim ropesgray.com (ii) if to the Administrative Agent or the Swingline Lender, at Citibank, NA. Citigroup ABTF Global Loans 1615 Brett Road New Castle, DE 19720 Telephone 302-323-3657 Facsimile 646-274-5025 Attention Nicholas Malascalza Email Nicholas.malascalza citi.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to the Administrative Agent) Latham & Watkins LLP 1271 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10020 Telephone (212) 906-1200 Facsimile (212) 751-4864 Attention Nicole Fanjul Email nicole.fanjul lw.com 

(iii) if to any Lender, pursuant to its contact information set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 193 

All such notices and other communications (A) sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person or by courier service and signed for against receipt thereof or three (3) Business Days after dispatch if sent by certified or registered mail, in each case, delivered, sent or mailed (properly addressed) to the relevant party as provided in this Section 9.01 or in accordance with the latest unrevoked direction from such party given in accordance with this Section 9.01 or (B) sent by email shall be deemed to have been given when sent provided that received notices and other communications sent by email shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, such notices or other communications shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in clause (b) below shall be effective as provided in such clause (b) . 
 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications (including email, FpML messaging and Internet or Intranet websites) pursuant to procedures set forth herein or otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent or the Lead Borrower (on behalf of any Loan Party) may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures set forth herein or otherwise approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. All such notices and other communications (i) sent to an email address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return email or other written acknowledgement) provided that if not given during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) posted to an Internet or Intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its email address as described in the foregoing clause (b)(i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
 (c) Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number or other notice information hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 
 (d) (i) The Borrowers hereby acknowledge that (A) the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrowers hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (B) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrowers hereby agree that (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) subject to the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Confidential Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 9.13 (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (z) the Administrative Agent shall treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information provided that, for purposes of the foregoing, all information and materials provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) shall be deemed to be suitable for posting to Public Lenders. 
 
 Each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable law, including United States Federal and 
 194 

state securities laws, to make reference to Communications that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material nonpublic information with respect to the Lead Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 
 
 THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . NEITHER THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT NOR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES WARRANTS THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM AND EACH EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS IS MADE BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER OR NOT BASED ON STRICT LIABILITY AND INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTY S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THE LIABILITY OF ANY SUCH PERSON IS FOUND IN A FINAL RULING BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO HAVE RESULTED FROM SUCH PERSON S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR MATERIAL BREACH OF ANY LOAN DOCUMENT. 
 
 (e) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic notices and Borrowing Requests) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrowers shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, its Related Parties and each Lender from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 
 Section 9.02 Waivers Amendments. 
 
 (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under any other Loan Document are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same is permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.02 , and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to the extent permitted by law, the making of a Revolving Loan or the issuance of any Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, 
 195 

regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time. 
 
 (b) Subject to clauses (A) , (B) , (C) and (D) of this Section 9.02(b) and Sections 9.02(d) below, neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified, except (i) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) or (ii) in the case of any other Loan Document (other than any waiver, amendment or modification to effectuate any modification thereto expressly contemplated by the terms of such other Loan Documents), pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party that is party thereto, with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing 
 
 (A) except with the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (but without the consent of the Required Lenders or any other Lender, the Administrative Agent or agent (except to the extent that the rights and obligations of the Administrative Agent would be adversely affected thereby)), no such waiver, amendment or modification shall 
 
 (1) increase the Commitment or Additional Revolving Commitment of such Lender (other than with respect to any Incremental Revolving Facility pursuant to Section 2.22 in respect of which such Lender has agreed to be an Additional Revolving Lender) it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments or Additional Revolving Commitments shall constitute an increase of any Commitment or Additional Revolving Commitment of such Lender 
 
 (2) reduce or forgive the principal amount of any Revolving Loan 
 
 (3) (x) extend the scheduled final maturity of any Revolving Loan or (y) postpone any Interest Payment Date or the date of any scheduled payment of any fee payable hereunder (in each case, other than any extension for administrative reasons agreed by the Administrative Agent) 
 
 (4) reduce the rate of interest (other than to waive any existing Default or Event of Default or obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest at the default rate of interest under Section 2.13 , which shall only require the consent of the Required Lenders) or the amount of any fee owed to such Lender it being understood that no change in the definition of Average Availability , Average Usage or any other ratio used in the calculation of the Applicable Rate, or in the calculation of any other interest or fee due hereunder (including any component definition thereof) shall constitute a reduction in any rate of interest or fee hereunder 
 (5) extend the expiry date of such Lender s Commitment or Additional Revolving Commitment it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments or Additional 
 196 

Revolving Commitments shall constitute an extension of any Commitment or Additional Revolving Commitment of any Lender 
 
 (6) waive, amend or modify the provisions of Section 2.11(a) , 2.18(b) or 2.18(c) of this Agreement in a manner that would by its terms alter the pro rata sharing of payments or order of application required thereby (except in connection with any transaction permitted under Sections 2.22 , 2.23 and or 9.05(g) or as otherwise provided in this Section 9.02 
 
 (7) change the currency in which any Loan or Commitment of any such Lender is denominated and 
 
 (B) no such waiver, amendment or modification shall 
 
 (1) change any of the provisions of Section 1.12 , Section 9.02(a) or Section 9.02(b) or the definition of Required Lenders , US Super Majority Lenders or European Super Majority Lenders to reduce any voting percentage required to waive, amend or modify any right thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the prior written consent of each Lender 
 
 (2) release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Lien granted pursuant to the Loan Documents (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents, including as contemplated by or pursuant to Article 8 or Section 9.22 ), without the prior written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, and it being understood that only the consent of the Lenders whose Loans are secured by the Collateral shall be required or 
 
 (3) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees under the Loan Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents, including pursuant to Section 9.22 hereof), without the prior written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby 
 
 (C) no such agreement shall (i) change the definition of the term US Borrowing Base or any component definition of any thereof (including the definitions of Eligible Accounts or Eligible Inventory ), in each case the effect of which change would modify amounts available to be borrowed, except with the consent of the US Super Majority Lenders (but without the consent of the Required Lenders) and (ii) change the definition of the term European Borrowing Base or any component definition of any thereof (including the definitions of Eligible Accounts or Eligible Inventory ), in each case the effect of which change would modify amounts available to be borrowed, except with the consent of the European Super Majority Lenders (but without the consent of the Required Lenders) 
 
 (D) solely with the consent of the relevant Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent, any such agreement may waive, amend or modify the definitions of Letter of Credit Sublimit , US Letter of Credit Sublimit or European Letter of Credit Sublimit or Section 2.05 (other than Section 2.05(d) 
 
 197 

(E) solely with the consent of the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent, any such agreement may waive, amend or modify the definition of Swingline Sublimit or Section 2.01(e) and 
 
 (F) no such agreement shall amend or waive any condition precedent to the making of a Revolving Loan (i) to the US Borrower, except with the consent of the US Required Lenders (but without the consent of the Required Lenders) (ii) to a European Borrower, except with the consent of the European Required Lenders (but without the consent of the Required Lenders) consent. 
 
 provided , further , that no agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent may also amend the Commitment Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.05 , incurrences of Additional Revolving Commitments or Additional Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 and reductions or terminations of any such Additional Revolving Commitments or Additional Revolving Loans. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except (1) as permitted by Section 2.21(b) and (2) that the Commitment and any Additional Revolving Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased without the consent of such Defaulting Lender (it being understood that any Commitment, Additional Revolving Commitment or Revolving Loan held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded from any vote hereunder that requires the consent of any Lender, except as expressly provided in Section 2.21(b) ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower (i) to add one or more additional credit facilities permitted hereunder to this Agreement and to permit any extension of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the relevant benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Lenders prior to such inclusion. 
 
 (c) Reserved 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.02 or any other provision of this Agreement or any provision of any other Loan Document 
 (i) the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any Lender, amend, supplement and or waive any guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement and or related document (if any) executed in connection with this Agreement to (x) comply with Requirements of Law or the advice of counsel or (y) cause any such guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and or the relevant other Loan Documents 
 (ii) the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any other Lender (other than the relevant Lenders (including Additional Revolving Lenders) providing Revolving Loans under such Sections), effect amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent to (1) effect the provisions of Section 2.22 , 2.23 , 5.12 or 6.13 , or any other provision specifying that any waiver, amendment or modification may be made with the consent or approval of the Administrative Agent and or (2) to add terms (including representations and warranties, conditions, prepayments, covenants or events of default), in 
 198 

connection with the addition of any Loan or Commitment hereunder, that are favorable to the then-existing Lenders, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent 
 (iii) if the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower have jointly identified any ambiguity, mistake, defect, inconsistency, obvious error or any error or omission of a technical nature or any necessary or desirable technical change, in each case, in any provision of any Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision solely to address such matter as reasonably determined by them acting jointly and 
 (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower may amend, restate, amend and restate or otherwise modify any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement as provided therein. 
 Section 9.03 Expenses Indemnity . 
 
 (a) The Borrowers shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by each Arranger, the Administrative Agent and their respective Affiliates (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one firm of outside counsel to all such Persons taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such Persons, taken as a whole) in connection with the syndication and distribution (including via the Internet or through a service such as SyndTrak) of the Revolving Facilities, the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of the Loan Documents and any related documentation, including in connection with any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated, but only to the extent the preparation of any such amendment, modification or waiver was requested by the Borrowers and except as otherwise provided separately in writing between the Borrowers, the relevant Arranger and or the Administrative Agent) and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks or the Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one firm of outside counsel to all such Persons taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such Persons, taken as a whole) in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of their respective rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including their respective rights under this Section 9.03 , or in connection with the Revolving Loans made and or Letters of Credit issued hereunder. Except to the extent required to be paid on the Closing Date (and invoiced three (3) Business Days prior thereto), all amounts due under this paragraph (a) shall be payable by the Borrowers within thirty (30) days of receipt by the Lead Borrower of an invoice setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail, together with backup documentation supporting the relevant reimbursement request. 
 (b) The Borrowers shall indemnify each Arranger, each Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent, and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one legal counsel to all Indemnitees taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all Indemnitees, taken as a whole and solely in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest, (x) one additional counsel to all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and (y) one additional local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby and or the 
 199 

enforcement of the Loan Documents, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) the use of the proceeds of the Revolving Loans or any Letter of Credit, (iii) any actual or alleged Release or presence of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any property currently or formerly owned or operated by the Borrowers, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party or any Environmental Liability related to the Borrowers, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party and or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (and regardless of whether such matter is initiated by a third party or by the Borrowers, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates) provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, or liability (i) results from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct or material breach of the Loan Documents by such Indemnitee, in each case, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) arises out of any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding brought by such Indemnitee against another Indemnitee (other than any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding (x) that is brought by or against the Administrative Agent or any Arranger, acting in its capacity or fulfilling its role as the Administrative Agent or as an Arranger or similar role or (y) that involves any act or omission of Holdings, any Borrower or any of its subsidiaries). Each Indemnitee shall be obligated to refund or return any and all amounts paid by any Borrower pursuant to this Section 9.03(b) to such Indemnitee for any fees, expenses, or damages to the extent such Indemnitee is not entitled to payment thereof in accordance with the terms hereof. All amounts due under this paragraph (b) shall be payable by the Borrowers within thirty (30) days (x) after receipt by the Lead Borrower of a written demand therefor, in the case of any indemnification obligations and (y) in the case of reimbursement of costs and expenses, after receipt by the Lead Borrower of an invoice, setting forth such costs and expenses in reasonable detail, together with backup documentation supporting the relevant reimbursement request. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages or liabilities in respect of a non-Tax claim. 
 (c) No Borrower shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), but if any proceeding is settled with the relevant Borrower s written consent, or if there is a final judgment against any Indemnitee in any such proceeding, the Borrowers agree to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee to the extent and in the manner set forth above. The Borrowers shall not, without the prior written consent of the affected Indemnitee (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), effect any settlement of any pending or threatened claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding against any Indemnitee in respect of which indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnitee unless (i) such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnitee from all liability or claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (ii) such settlement does not include any statement as to any admission of fault or culpability. 
 Section 9.04 Waiver of Claim . To the extent permitted by applicable law, no party to this Agreement shall assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto or any Related Party thereof, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof, except, in the case of any claim by any Indemnitee against any of the Borrowers, to the extent such damages would otherwise be subject to indemnification pursuant to the terms of Section 9.03 . 
 
 Section 9.05 Successors and Assigns . 
 
 200 

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns provided that (i) except as provided under Section 6.07 , the Borrowers may not assign or otherwise transfer any of their rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrowers without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with the terms of this Section 9.05 (any attempted assignment or transfer not complying with the terms of this Section 9.05 shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and permitted assigns, Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section 9.05 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Arrangers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) (i)(i)Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of any Revolving Loan or Additional Revolving Commitment added pursuant to Section 2.22 or 2.23 at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of 
 (A) the Lead Borrower provided that (1) the Lead Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it has objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within fifteen (15) Business Days after receiving written notice thereof (2) no consent of the Lead Borrower shall be required for any assignment of Revolving Loans or Revolving Commitments to another Lender or an Affiliate of any Lender, (3) no consent of the Lead Borrower shall be required during the continuation of an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) or Section 7.01(f) or (g) (solely with respect to the Lead Borrower) (4) the Lead Borrower may withhold its consent to any assignment to any Person that is not a Disqualified Institution but is known by the Lead Borrower to be an Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution regardless of whether such Person is identifiable as an Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution on the basis of such Affiliate s name (other than in respect of a Company Competitor, a Debt Fund Affiliate that is not itself a Disqualified Institution, unless the Lead Borrower has a reasonable basis for withholding consent) and, for the avoidance of doubt, the deemed consent provisions of clause (1) above shall not apply with respect to any attempted assignment of a Disqualified Institution or any Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution regardless of whether such Person is identifiable as an Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution on the basis of such Affiliate s name, and (5) the investment objective or history of any prospective Lender or its Affiliates shall be a reasonable basis to withhold the Lead Borrower s consent 
 (B) the Administrative Agent provided , that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for any assignment to another Lender and 
 (C) the Swingline Lender provided , that no consent of the Swingline Lender shall be required for any assignment to another Lender. 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of any assignment to another Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender or any assignment of the entire remaining amount of the relevant assigning Lender s Revolving Loans or commitments of any Class, the principal amount of Revolving Loans or commitments of the assigning Lender subject to the relevant 
 201 

assignment (determined as of the date on which the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent and determined on an aggregate basis in the event of concurrent assignments to Related Funds or by Related Funds) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent 
 (B) any partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the relevant assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption via an electronic settlement system acceptable to the Administrative Agent (or, if previously agreed with the Administrative Agent, manually), and shall pay to the Administrative Agent a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 (which fee may be waived or reduced in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent) and 
 (D) the relevant Eligible Assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver on or prior to the effective date of such assignment, to the Administrative Agent (1) an Administrative Questionnaire and (2) any IRS form required under Section 2.17 . 
 (iii) Subject to the acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section 9.05 , from and after the effective date specified in any Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned pursuant to such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be (A) entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 and 9.03 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring on or prior to the effective date of such assignment and (B) subject to its obligations thereunder and under Section 9.13 ). If any assignment by any Lender holding any Promissory Note is made after the issuance of such Promissory Note, the assigning Lender shall, upon the effectiveness of such assignment or as promptly thereafter as practicable, surrender such Promissory Note to the Administrative Agent for cancellation, and, following such cancellation, if requested by either the assignee or the assigning Lender, the applicable Borrower shall issue and deliver a new Promissory Note to such assignee and or to such assigning Lender, with appropriate insertions, to reflect the new commitments and or outstanding Revolving Loans of the assignee and or the assigning Lender. 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the applicable Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices outside of the United Kingdom a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, and the commitment of, and principal amount of and stated interest on the Revolving Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). Failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect the Borrower s obligations in respect of such Loans and LC Disbursements. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by any Borrower, any Issuing Bank, and each 
 202 

Lender (but only as to its own holdings), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an Eligible Assignee, the Eligible Assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire and any tax certification required by Section 9.05(b)(ii)(D)(2) (unless the assignee is already a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.05 , if applicable, and any written consent to the relevant assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.05 , the Administrative Agent shall promptly accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (vi) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Assumption, the assigning Lender and the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be deemed to confirm and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows (A) such assigning Lender warrants that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the interest being assigned thereby free and clear of any adverse claim and that the amount of its commitments, and the outstanding balances of its Revolving Loans, in each case without giving effect to any assignment thereof which has not become effective, are as set forth in such Assignment and Assumption, (B) except as set forth in clause (A) above, such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto, or the financial condition of the Borrowers or any Restricted Subsidiary or the performance or observance by the Borrowers or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of its obligations under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto (C) such assignee represents and warrants that it is an Eligible Assignee, legally authorized to enter into such Assignment and Assumption (D) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement and the ABL Intercreditor Agreement (and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Assumption (E) such assignee will independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the assigning Lender or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it deems appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement (F) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent, by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto and (G) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 (c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the any Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, or any other Lender, sell participations to any bank or other entity (other than to any Disqualified Institution, any natural Person or, other than with respect to any participation to any Debt Fund Affiliate, any Borrower or any of its Affiliates) (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its commitments and the Revolving Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (C) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such 
 203 

Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and (D) the Lenders shall not be permitted to sell participations to any Company Competitor regardless of whether any Event of Default (or a type thereof) is continuing. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which any Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the relevant Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in (x) clause (A) of the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that directly and adversely affects the Revolving Loans or commitments in which such Participant has an interest and (y) clause (B)(1) , (2) or (3) of the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) . Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section 9.05 , the Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the limitations and requirements of such Sections and Section 2.19 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 9.05 (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender, and if additional amounts are required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.17(a) or Section 2.17(c) , to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent upon reasonable written request by the Lead Borrower). To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.09 as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. 
 (ii) No Participant shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 than the participating Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Lead Borrower s prior written consent expressly acknowledging that such Participant s entitlement to benefits under Sections 2.15 , 2.16 and 2.17 is not limited to what the participating Lender would have been entitled to receive absent the participation. 
 Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register at one of its offices outside of the United Kingdom on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and their respective successors and assigns, and the principal amounts and stated interest of each Participant s interest in the Revolving Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to any Participant s interest in any Commitment, Revolving Loan, Letter of Credit, or any other obligation under any Revolving Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Revolving Loan, Letter of Credit, or other obligation is in registered form under the Code or Treasury Regulations, including, without limitation, under Section 5f.103-1(c) or Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) of the Treasury Regulation (or, in each case, any amended, successor or final version). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and each Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (other than to any Disqualified Institution or any natural person) to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to any Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section 9.05 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release any Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 204 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrowers all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Revolving Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Revolving Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of any Revolving Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment or Additional Revolving Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Revolving Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement (including its obligations under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 and no SPC shall be entitled to any greater amount under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that the Granting Lender would have been entitled to receive, (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender) and (iii) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes including approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of the Loan Documents, remain the Lender of record hereunder. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one (1) year and one (1) day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the U.S. or any State thereof provided that (i) such SPC s Granting Lender is in compliance in all material respects with its obligations to the Borrowers hereunder and (ii) each Lender designating any SPC hereby agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless each other party hereto for any loss, cost, damage or expense arising out of its inability to institute such a proceeding against such SPC during such period of forbearance. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.05 , any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Revolving Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Revolving Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guaranty or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. If a Granting Lender grants an option to an SPC as described herein and such grant is not reflected in the Register, the Granting Lender shall maintain a separate register on which it records the name and address of each SPC and the principal amounts (and related interest) of each SPC s interest with respect to the Revolving Loans, Commitments or other interests hereunder, which entries shall be conclusive absent manifest error and each Lender shall treat such SPC that is recorded in the register as the owner of such interests for all purposes of the Loan Documents notwithstanding any notice to the contrary provided , further , that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose any portion of such register to any Person except to the extent disclosure is necessary to establish that the Loans, Commitments or other interests hereunder are in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes (or as is otherwise required thereunder) 
 (f) (i)(i)Any assignment or participation by a Lender without the Lead Borrower s consent, to the extent the Lead Borrower s consent is required under this Section 9.05 , to any other Person, shall be null and void, and the Borrowers shall be entitled to seek specific performance to unwind any such assignment or participation in addition to injunctive relief or any other remedies available to the Borrowers at law or in equity. Upon the request of any Lender, the Borrowers shall make available to such Lender the list of Disqualified Institutions at the relevant time and such Lender may provide the list to any potential assignee or participant on a confidential basis in accordance with Section 9.13 for the purpose of verifying whether such Person is a Disqualified Institution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Loan Party and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent shall not have any 
 205 

responsibility or obligation to determine whether any Lender or participant or potential Lender or participant is a Disqualified Institution and the Administrative Agent shall have no liability with respect to any assignment or participation made to a Disqualified Institution. 
 (ii) If any assignment or participation under this Section 9.05 is made to any Person that is a Disqualified Institution, to any Person that cannot be reasonably identified as a Disqualified Institution pursuant to clause (a)(ii) or (c)(ii) of the definition thereof as of the date of such assignment or participation and subsequently becomes reasonably identifiable as a Disqualified Institution or to any Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution as to which the Lead Borrower did not expressly consent in writing, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (i) the Lead Borrower may, at the Borrowers sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Person and the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate any Commitment of such Person and repay all obligations of the Borrowers owing to such Person and or (B) require such Person to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 9.05 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees at the price indicated in clause (i) above provided that in the case of clause (B) above, the relevant assignment shall otherwise comply with this Section 9.05 (except that no registration and processing fee required under this Section 9.05 shall be required with respect to any assignment pursuant to this paragraph), (ii) for purposes of voting, any Revolving Loans and Commitments held by such Person shall be deemed not to be outstanding, and such Person shall have no voting or consent rights with respect to Required Lender or class or facility vote or consents, (iii) for purposes of any matter requiring the vote or consent of each Lender (or each Lender affected by any amendment or waiver), such Person shall be deemed to have voted or consented to approve such amendment or waiver if a majority of the affected Class or Facility (after giving effect to clause (ii) so approves, (iv) such Person shall not be permitted to attend meetings of the Lenders or receive information prepared by the Administrative Agent, any Lender, Holdings, the Lead Borrower or any of its subsidiaries in connection with this Agreement and will not be permitted to attend or participate in conference calls or meetings attended solely by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, (v) such Person shall not be entitled to any expense reimbursement or indemnification rights hereunder (including Section 9.03 or under any other Loan Document, (vi) such Person shall be otherwise deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, and (vii) in no event shall such Person be entitled to receive amounts set forth in Section 2.13(d) . Nothing in this Section 9.05(g) shall be deemed to prejudice any right or remedy that Holdings or the Borrowers may otherwise have at law or equity. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that Holdings and its subsidiaries will suffer irreparable harm if such Lender breaches any obligation under this Section 9.05 insofar as such obligation relates to any assignment, participation or pledge to any Disqualified Institution without the Lead Borrower s prior written consent and, therefore, each Lender agrees that Holdings and or any Borrower may seek to obtain specific performance or other equitable or injunctive relief to enforce this Section 9.05(f) against such Lender with respect to such breach without posting a bond or presenting evidence of irreparable harm. 
 Section 9.06 Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Revolving Loans and issuance of Letters of Credit regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date. The provisions of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 , 9.03 , 9.13 and Article 8 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
 206 

hereby, the repayment of the Revolving Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit, Commitments, any Additional Revolving Commitment, the occurrence of the Termination Date or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof but in each case, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement provided that the provisions of Section 9.13 shall terminate two years after the occurrence of the Termination Date or the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 Section 9.07 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness . 
 
 (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the ABL Intercreditor Agreement (and any other Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire agreement among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall become effective when it has been executed by Holdings, the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent has received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or by email as a .pdf or .tiff attachment shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 (b) This Agreement and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement (each a Communication ), including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent, and each Credit Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Credit Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is not under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Credit Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and or any Credit Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Credit Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 207 

The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and reasonably believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated, in each case. 
 
 Each of the Loan Parties and each Credit Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Credit Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Credit Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature, except, in each case, to the extent resulting from the Administrative Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 Section 9.08 Severability . To the extent permitted by law, any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 Section 9.09 Right of Setoff . At any time when an Event of Default exists, upon the written consent of the Administrative Agent, each Lender is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations (in any currency) at any time owing by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank, or such Lender (including by branches and agencies of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank, or such Lender, wherever located) to or for the credit or the account of the Borrowers or any Loan Party against any of and all the Secured Obligations held by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank, or such Lender, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank, or such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or Issuing Bank different than the branch or office holding such deposit or obligation on such Indebtedness. Any applicable Lender or Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such set-off or application provided that any failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such set-off or application under this Section 9.09 . The rights of each Lender, Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent under this Section 9.09 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender, such Issuing Bank, or the Administrative Agent may have. 
 
 Section 9.10 Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process . 
 
 (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS) AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS), WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT (AT LAW OR IN EQUITY) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 208 

(b) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION (SUBJECT TO THE LAST SENTENCE OF THIS CLAUSE (B)) OF ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK (OR ANY APPELLATE COURT THEREFROM) OVER ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL (EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BELOW) BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, FEDERAL COURT. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT SERVICE OF ANY PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICE OR DOCUMENT BY REGISTERED MAIL ADDRESSED TO SUCH PERSON SHALL BE EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS AGAINST SUCH PERSON FOR ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE SECURED PARTIES RETAIN THE RIGHT TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION SOLELY IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS UNDER ANY COLLATERAL DOCUMENT. 
 
 (c) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LEGALLY AND EFFECTIVELY DO SO, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION 9.10 . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY CLAIM OR DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 
 (d) To the extent permitted by law, each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of any and all process upon it and agrees that all such service of process may be made by registered mail (or any substantially similar form of mail) directed to (x) in respect to the Administrative Agent or the Swingline Lender, it at its address for notices as provided for in Section 9.01 and (y) in respect of the European Borrowers, the US Borrower, as agent for service of process pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and each such entity hereby accepts such appointment. Each Party hereto hereby waives any objection to such service of process and further irrevocably waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any action or proceeding commenced hereunder or under any loan document that service of process was invalid and ineffective. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 Section 9.11 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY) DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE 
 209 

OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.11 . 
 
 Section 9.12 Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 
 Section 9.13 Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, each Lender, and each Arranger agrees (and each Lender agrees to cause its SPC, if any) to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information (as defined below), except that Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, managers, employees, independent auditors, or other experts and advisors, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (collectively, the Representatives on a need to know basis solely in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and who are informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and are or have been advised of their obligation to keep the Confidential Information of this type confidential provided that such Person shall be responsible for its Affiliates and their Representatives compliance with this paragraph provided , further , that unless the Lead Borrower otherwise consents, no such disclosure shall be made by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Arranger, any Lender or any Affiliate or Representative thereof to any Affiliate or Representative of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Arranger, or any Lender that (i) is engaged as a principal primarily in private equity, mezzanine financing or venture capital or (ii) is a Disqualified Institution, (b) upon the demand or request of any regulatory or Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory body or any Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank acting as pledgee pursuant to Section 9.05 purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Affiliates (in which case such Person shall (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any Governmental Authority or regulatory or self-regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority), to the extent practicable and permitted by law, (i) inform the Lead Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment), (c) to the extent compelled by legal process in, or reasonably necessary to, the defense of such legal, judicial or administrative proceeding, in any legal, judicial or administrative proceeding or otherwise as required by applicable Requirements of Law (in which case such Person shall (i) to the extent practicable and permitted by law, inform the Lead Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment), (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) subject to an acknowledgment and agreement by the relevant recipient that the Confidential Information is being disseminated on a confidential basis (on substantially the terms set forth in this paragraph or as otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent) in accordance with the standard syndication process of the Arrangers or market standards for dissemination of the relevant type of information, which shall in any event require click through or other affirmative action on the part of the recipient to access the Confidential Information and acknowledge its confidentiality obligations in respect thereof, to (i) any Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or prospective Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, including any SPC (in each case other than a Disqualified Institution), (ii) any pledgee referred to in Section 9.05 and (iii) any actual or prospective, direct or indirect contractual counterparty (or its advisors) to any Derivative Transaction (including any credit default swap) or similar derivative product to which any Loan Party is a party, (f) with the prior written consent of the Lead Borrower and subject to the Lead Borrower s prior approval of the information to be disclosed (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to one or more ratings agencies in connection with obtaining ratings (including shadow ratings of any Borrower or the Revolving Loans, (g) to the extent the Confidential Information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.13 by such Person, its Affiliates or their respective Representatives and (h) to insurers, any numbering administration or settlement services providers on a need to know basis solely in connection with the transactions 
 210 

contemplated hereby and who are informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and are or have been advised of their obligation to keep the Confidential Information of this type confidential provided that any disclosure made in reliance on this clause (h) is limited to the general terms of this Agreement and does not include financial or other information relating to Holdings, the Lead Borrower and or any of their respective subsidiaries. For purposes of this Section 9.13 , Confidential Information means all information relating to the Borrowers and or any of its subsidiaries and their respective businesses, the Sponsor or the Transactions (including any information obtained by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender or any Arranger, or any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives, based on a review of the books and records relating to the Lead Borrower and or any of its subsidiaries and their respective Affiliates from time to time, including prior to the Closing Date) other than any such information that is publicly available to the Administrative Agent or any Arranger, any Issuing Bank, or Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by any Borrower or any of its subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall any disclosure of any Confidential Information be made to Person that is a Disqualified Institution at the time of disclosure. 
 
 Section 9.14 No Fiduciary Duty . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Arrangers, each Lender, and their respective Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders ), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Loan Parties, their stockholders and or their respective affiliates. Each Loan Party agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand, and such Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective affiliates, on the other. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that (i) the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise any Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective Affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to any Loan Party except the obligations expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and (y) each Lender is acting solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of such Loan Party, its respective management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that such Loan Party has consulted its own legal, tax and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. 
 
 Section 9.15 Several Obligations . The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and the failure of any Lender to make any Revolving Loan, issue any Letter of Credit or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. 
 
 Section 9.16 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 
 Section 9.17 Disclosure . Each Loan Party, each Issuing Bank and each Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent and or its Affiliates from time to time may hold 
 211 

investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with any of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates and each Issuing Bank. 
 
 Section 9.18 Appointment for Perfection . Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable law can be perfected only by possession. If any Lender or Issuing Bank (other than the Administrative Agent) obtains possession of any Collateral, such Lender or Issuing Bank shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof and, promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agent s instructions. 
 
 Section 9.19 Interest Rate Limitation . 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit under applicable law (collectively the Charged Amounts ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender or Issuing Bank holding such Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit hereunder, together with all Charged Amounts payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charged Amounts that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 9.19 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charged Amounts payable to such Lender or Issuing Bank in respect of other Revolving Loans or Letter of Credit or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender or Issuing Bank. 
 
 Any provision of this Agreement that would oblige a Loan Party to pay any fine, penalty or rate of interest on any arrears of principal or interest secured by a mortgage on real property that has the effect of increasing the charge on arrears beyond the rate of interest payable on principal money not in arrears shall not apply to such Loan Party, which shall be required to pay interest on money in arrears at the same rate of interest payable on principal money not in arrears. 
 
 Section 9.20 Intercreditor Agreement . 
 
 REFERENCE IS MADE TO THE ABL INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND EACH OTHER APPLICABLE ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. EACH LENDER HEREUNDER AGREES THAT IT WILL BE BOUND BY AND WILL TAKE NO ACTIONS CONTRARY TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE ABL INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT OR SUCH OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND AUTHORIZES AND INSTRUCTS THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT TO ENTER INTO THE ABL INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AS AGENT AND ON BEHALF OF SUCH LENDER. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 9.20 ARE NOT INTENDED TO SUMMARIZE ALL RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF THE ABL INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. REFERENCE MUST BE MADE TO THE ABL INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ITSELF TO UNDERSTAND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS THEREOF. EACH LENDER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR MAKING ITS OWN ANALYSIS AND REVIEW OF THE ABL INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT (AND ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT) AND THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS THEREOF, AND 
 212 

NEITHER THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION TO ANY LENDER AS TO THE SUFFICIENCY OR ADVISABILITY OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED IN THE ABL INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. 
 
 Section 9.21 Conflicts . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document (but excluding any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and any other Loan Document (excluding any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), the terms of this Agreement shall govern and control provided that in the case of any conflict or inconsistency between any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and any other Loan Document, the terms of such Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. 
 
 Section 9.22 Release of Guarantors . Notwithstanding anything in Section 9.02(b) to the contrary, any Subsidiary Guarantor shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder (and its Loan Guaranty shall be automatically released) (a) upon the consummation of any permitted transaction or series of related transactions if as a result thereof such Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction or series of related transactions permitted hereunder provided , that the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty if such Subsidiary Guarantor becomes an Excluded Subsidiary of the type described in clause (a) of the definition thereof shall only be permitted if at the time such Guarantor becomes an Excluded Subsidiary of such type (i) no Event of Default exists, (ii) after giving pro forma effect to such release and the consummation of the transaction that causes such Person to be an Excluded Subsidiary of such type, the Lead Borrower is deemed to have made a new Investment in such Person for purposes of Section 6.06 (as if such Person were then newly acquired) in an amount equal to the portion of the fair market value of the net assets of such Person attributable to the applicable Borrower s equity interest therein as reasonably estimated by the Lead Borrower and such Investment is permitted pursuant to Section 6.06 (other than Section 6.06(f) at such time and (iii) a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower certifies to the Administrative Agent compliance with preceding clauses (i) and (ii) and or (b) upon the occurrence of the Termination Date. In connection with any such release, the Administrative Agent shall promptly execute and deliver to the relevant Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence termination or release provided , that upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the Lead Borrower shall deliver a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that the relevant transaction has been consummated in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to the preceding sentence of this Section 9.22 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent (other than as to the Administrative Agent s authority to execute and deliver such documents). 
 
 Section 9.23 Acknowledgement and Consent of Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 213 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Section 9.24 Judgment Currency . 
 
 (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction the first currency could be purchased by the Administrative Agent with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given. 
 (b) The obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of any obligation owing hereunder (the Applicable Creditor shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency if the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is (x) less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the applicable Loan Parties agree, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss or (y) greater than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the Applicable Creditor agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrowers (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under the applicable Requirements of Law). The obligations under this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder. 
 Section 9.25 Representation Dutch Loan Party . If any Dutch Loan Party is represented by an attorney in connection with the signing and or execution of this Agreement (including by way of accession to this Agreement) or any other agreement, deed or document referred to in or made pursuant to this Agreement, it is hereby expressly acknowledged and accepted by the other parties to such document that the existence and extent of the attorney's authority and the effects of the attorney's exercise or purported exercise of his or her authority shall be governed by the laws of the Netherlands. 
 
 Section 9.26 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments, 
 214 

(ii) the prohibited transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable so as to exempt from the prohibitions of ERISA Section 406 and Code Section 4975 , such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that 
 (i) none of the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers or their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto), 
 (ii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21) and is a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management or control, total assets of at least 50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E), 
 (iii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Obligations), 
 (iv) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the 
 215 

Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder, and 
 (v) no fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or any their respective Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and each Arranger hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 Section 9.27 Amendment and Restatement . This Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the Original Credit Agreement and upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, the terms and provisions of the Original Credit Agreement shall, subject to this Section 9.27, be superseded hereby. All references to the Credit Agreement contained in the Loan Documents delivered in connection with the Original Credit Agreement or this Agreement shall, and shall be deemed to, refer to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the amendment and restatement of the Original Credit Agreement by this Agreement, the Obligations of the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties outstanding under the Original Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as of the Closing Date shall remain outstanding and shall constitute continuing Obligations and shall continue as such to be secured by the Collateral. Such Obligations shall in all respects be continuing and this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be deemed to evidence or result in a substitution, novation or repayment and reborrowing of such Obligations which shall remain in full force and effect, except to any extent modified hereunder. The Liens securing payment of the Obligations under the Original Credit Agreement, as amended and restated in the form of this Agreement, shall in all respects be continuing, securing the payment of all Obligations. 
 
 Section 9.28 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedge Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties hereto hereby acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in 
 216 

property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender hereunder shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party under a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 
 (b) As used in this Section 9.28 , the following terms have the following meanings 
 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 
 i. a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 ii. a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 iii. a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 Signature Pages Follow 

217 

Signature Pages Intentionally Omitted 

218 

EXHIBIT B 
 Amended Exhibits 
 See Attached. 

219 

EXHIBIT B-1 
 FORM OF 
 BORROWING REQUEST 
 
 Citibank, N.A., 
 Citigroup ABTF Global Loans 
 1615 Brett Road 
 New Castle, DE 19720 
 Telephone 302-323-3657 
 Facsimile 646-274-5025 
 Attention Nicholas Malascalza 
 Email Nicholas.Malasalza citi.com 
 , 20 1 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to that certain ABL Credit Agreement dated as of May 4, 2016 (as amended and restated by the First Amendment Agreement dated as of March 20, 2020, as amended by the Second Amendment Agreement dated as of December 22, 2020, as amended and restated by the Third Amendment Agreement dated as of June 9, 2021, as amended by the Fourth Amendment Agreement dated as of February 17, 2023, and as further amended , restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect on the date hereof, the Credit Agreement ), by and among, PQ Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation, CPQ Midco I Corporation, Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Ecovyst Midco II Inc., a Delaware corporation, the other Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch Citibank, N.A. , in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with the same meanings unless otherwise defined herein. 
 
 1 The Administrative Agent must be notified in writing or by telephone (with such telephonic notification to be promptly confirmed in writing), which must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (a) 1 00 p.m. (i) three two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing of LIBO Rate SOFR Revolving Loans or CDOR Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars (or one Business Day in the case of any Borrowing of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars to be made on the Closing Date), (ii) four Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans or CDOR Revolving Loans denominated in a currency other than Dollars (or one Business Day in the case of any Borrowing of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans denominated in a currency other than Dollars to be made on the Closing Date) or (iii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of ABR Revolving Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Revolving (but excluding Swingline Loans (or, in each case, such later time as shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent) or (b) 2 30 p.m. on the requested dated of any Borrowing of Swingline Loans provided , however , that if the applicable Borrower wishes to request LIBO Rate Revolving Loans or CDOR SOFR Revolving Loans having an Interest Period of other than one, two, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, (A) the applicable notice from the applicable Borrower (or the Lead Borrower on its behalf) must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12 00 p.m. four (4) Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing (or such later time as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) , whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the relevant Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is available by all the appropriate Lenders to such Lenders and ascertainable by the Administrative Agent or, in the case of Interest Periods shorter than twelve (12) months, subject to the Administrative Agent s consent and (B) not later than 12 00 p.m. (Noon) three (3) Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing the Administrative Agent shall notify such Borrower whether or not the 
 220 

requested Interest Period can be accommodated by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders . 
 
 The undersigned hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement that it requests the Borrowings under the Credit Agreement to be made on , 20 , and in that connection sets forth below the terms on which the Borrowings are requested to be made 
 
 (A) Borrower 
 
 (B) Date of Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day) 
 
 (C) Aggregate Amount of Borrowing 2 
 
 (D) Currency of Borrowing 
 
 (E) Type of Borrowing 3 
 
 (F) Class of Borrowing 
 
 (G) Interest Period 4 (in the case 
 of a LIBO Rate Borrowing or CDOR SOFR Borrowing) 
 
 (H) Amount, Account Number and Location 
 
 Wire Transfer Instructions Amount Bank ABA No. Account No. Account Name 
 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the Borrowing 
 
 (A) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of the Borrowing with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the date of such Borrowing provided that to the extent that any representation and warranty specifically refers to an earlier date, it is true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date provided , further , that any representation or warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language is true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. 
 
 2 Subject to Section 2.02(c) of Credit Agreement. 
 3 State whether a LIBO Rate Borrowing, ABR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or Canadian Prime Rate or SOFR Borrowing. If, with respect to Revolving Loans denominated in a Canadian Dollars no Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing. If, with respect to SOFR Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars, no Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. 
 221 

4 Must be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period . If no Interest Period is specified with respect to a LIBO Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing , then the Interest Period shall be of one-month s duration. 

(B) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to the Borrowing, no Default or Event of Default exists. 5 
 
 Signature Page Follows 

5 Include bracketed language only for Borrowings after Closing Date. 
 222 

PQ CORPORATION ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES LLC , as Lead Borrower 6 
 By Name Title 

6 The applicable Borrower may also execute. 
 223 

EXHIBIT D 
 
 FORM OF 
 INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST 

Citibank, N.A., 
 Citigroup ABTF Global Loans 
 1615 Brett Road 
 New Castle, DE 19720 
 Telephone 302-323-3657 
 Facsimile 646-274-5025 
 Attention Nicholas Malascalza 
 Email Nicholas.Malasalza citi.com 
 , 20 7 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to that certain ABL Credit Agreement dated as of May 4, 2016 (as amended and restated by the First Amendment Agreement dated as of March 20, 2020, as amended by the Second Amendment Agreement dated as of December 22, 2020, as amended and restated by the Third Amendment Agreement dated as of June 9, 2021, as amended by the Fourth Amendment Agreement dated as of February 17, 2023, and as further amended , restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect on the date hereof, the Credit Agreement ), by and among, PQ Corporation, a Pennsylvania Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Ecovyst Midco II Inc., a Delaware corporation (the US Borrower , the other Borrowers from time to time party thereto , CPQ Midco I Corporation, a Delaware corporation , the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Citibank, N.A., in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with the same meanings unless otherwise defined herein. 
 
 The undersigned hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 2.08 of the Credit Agreement of an interest rate election, and in that connection sets forth below the terms thereof 

7 The Administrative Agent must be notified in writing or by telephone (with such telephonic notification to be promptly confirmed in writing), which must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (a) 1 00 p.m. (i) three two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested day of any conversion or continuation of LIBO Rate SOFR Revolving Loans or CDOR Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars, (ii) four Business Days prior to the requested day of any conversion or continuation of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans or CDOR Revolving Loans denominated in a currency other than Dollars or (iii) on the requested date of any conversion or continuation of ABR Revolving Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Revolving (but excluding Swingline Loans (or, in each case, such later time as shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent) or (b) 2 30 p.m. on the requested dated of any Borrowing of Swingline Loans provided , however , that if the applicable Borrower wishes to request LIBO Rate Revolving Loans or CDOR SOFR Revolving Loans having an Interest Period of other than one, two, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, (A) the applicable notice from the applicable Borrower (or the Lead Borrower on its behalf) must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12 00 p.m. four (4) Business Days prior to the requested date of such conversion or continuation (or such later time as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) , whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the relevant Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is available by all the 
 224 

appropriate Lenders to such Lenders and ascertainable by the Administrative Agent or, in the case of Interest Periods shorter than twelve (12) months, subject to the Administrative Agent s consent and (B) not later than 12 00 p.m. (Noon) three (3) Business Days before the requested date of such conversion or continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify such Borrower whether or not the requested Interest Period can be accommodated by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders . 

(A) on insert applicable date (which is a Business Day), the undersigned will convert 8 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans, bearing interest at the ABR LIBO CDOR Canadian Prime SOFR Rate, into a ABR LIBO CDOR Canadian Prime SOFR Revolving Loan and, in the case of a LIBO Rate CDOR SOFR Rate Revolving Loan, having an Interest Period of month(s) 9 and . 
 (B) on insert applicable date (which is a Business Day), the undersigned will continue of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans bearing interest at the LIBO CDOR SOFR Rate, as LIBO CDOR SOFR Rate Revolving Loans having an Interest Period of month(s) 10 . 
 
 Signature Page Follows 

8 Subject to Section 2.02(c) of the Credit Agreement. 
 9 Must be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period . 
 10 Must be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period . 
 
 225 

PQ CORPORATION ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES LLC , 
 as Lead Borrower 11 
 
 By Name Title 

11 The applicable Borrower may also execute. 
 226 

EXHIBIT G 
 
 FORM OF 
 PROMISSORY NOTE 
 
 New York, New York , 20 
 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned PQ Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC 12 (the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay on demand to (the Lender or its registered permitted assign, at the office of Citibank, N.A. Citi at 1615 Brett Road, New Castle, Delaware 19720, Revolving Loan in the principal amount of or such lesser amount as is outstanding from time to time, on the dates and in the amounts set forth in the ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2016 (as amended and restated by the First Amendment Agreement dated as of March 20, 2020, as amended by the Second Amendment Agreement dated as of December 22, 2020, as amended and restated by the Third Amendment Agreement dated as of June 9, 2021, as amended by the Fourth Amendment Agreement dated as of February 17, 2023, and as further amended , restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and in effect on the date hereof , the Credit Agreement ), by and among, the Borrower and the other borrowers from time to time party thereto, CPQ Ecovyst Midco I Corporation, II Inc., a Delaware corporation, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Citi, in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders. The Borrower also promises to pay interest from the date of such Revolving Loans on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, in like Dollars, at such office, in each case, in the manner and at the rate or rates per annum and payable on the dates provided in the Credit Agreement. Terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Borrower promises to pay interest on any overdue principal and, to the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, overdue interest from the relevant due dates, in each case, in the manner, at the rate or rates and under the circumstances provided in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Borrower hereby waives diligence, presentment, demand, protest and notice of any kind to the extent possible under any Requirements of Law. The non-exercise by the holder hereof of any of its rights hereunder in any particular instance shall not constitute a waiver thereof in that or any subsequent instance. 
 
 All Borrowings evidenced by this Promissory Note and all payments and prepayments of the principal hereof and interest hereon and the respective dates thereof shall be endorsed by the holder hereof on the schedules attached hereto and made a part hereof or on a continuation thereof which shall be attached hereto and made a part hereof, or otherwise recorded by such holder in its internal records provided , however , that the failure of the holder hereof to make such a notation or any error in such notation shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Promissory Note. 
 
 This Promissory Note is one of the promissory notes referred to in the Credit Agreement that, among other things, contains provisions for the acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain events, for optional and mandatory prepayment of the principal hereof prior to the maturity hereof and for the amendment or waiver of certain provisions of the Credit Agreement, all upon the terms and conditions therein specified. This Promissory Note is entitled to the benefit of the Credit Agreement, and the obligations hereunder are guaranteed and secured as provided therein and in the other Loan Documents referred to in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 12 To be updated for applicable Borrower. 
 227 

If any assignment by the Lender holding this Promissory Note occurs after the date of the issuance hereof, the Lender agrees that it shall, upon the effectiveness of such assignment or as promptly thereafter as practicable, surrender this Promissory Note to the Administrative Agent for cancellation. 
 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 
 228 

THE ASSIGNMENT OF THIS PROMISSORY NOTE AND ANY RIGHTS WITH RESPECT THERETO ARE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE PROVISIONS GOVERNING, THE REGISTER AND THE PARTICIPANT REGISTER. 
 
 THIS PROMISSORY NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 229 

PQ CORPORATION ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
 
 By Name Title 
 230 

SCHEDULE A 

REVOLVING LOANS, CONVERSIONS AND REPAYMENTS OF ABR LOANS 13 
 
 Date 
 Amount of ABR Revolving Loans 
 Amount Converted to ABR Revolving Loans 
 Amount of Principal of ABR Revolving Loans Repaid 
 Amount of ABR Loans Converted to LIBO Rate Revolving Loans SOFR Revolving Loans 
 Unpaid Principal Balance of ABR Revolving Loans 
 Notation Made By 

13 To be updated for applicable currency. 
 231 

LOANS, CONTINUATIONS, CONVERSIONS AND REPAYMENTS OF LIBO RATE REVOLVING LOANS 
 
 Date 
 Amount of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans SOFR Revolving Loans 
 Amount Converted to LIBO Rate Revolving Loans SOFR Revolving Loans 
 Interest Period and LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR with Respect Thereto 
 Amount of Principal of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans SOFR Revolving Loans Repaid 
 Amount of LIBO Rate Loans SOFR Revolving Loans Converted to ABR Revolving Loans 
 Unpaid Principal Balance of LIBO Rate Revolving Loans SOFR Revolving Loans 
 Notation Made By 

232 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 4
 ex10-29xtschnebergerofferl.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 
 Corporate Headquarters 300 Lindenwood Drive Valleybrooke Corporate Center Malvern, PA 19355 (610) 651-4200 

 Exhibit 10.29 
 November 25, 2019 

Mr. Thomas J. Schneberger 
 1477 West Stonington Drive 
 Downingtown, PA 19335 
 
 Dear Tom 
 
 On behalf of PQ Corporation PQ or the Company ), I am pleased to offer you the position of Vice President, Strategy & Business Development. This offer is contingent upon compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, which requires you to provide proof of identity and employment eligibility on the first day you report to work. 
 
 1. Start Date . Your start date will be December 1, 2019. Your place of employment will be Malvern, Pennsylvania and you will report to the President & CEO of PQ Corporation. You understand and agree that you shall travel from time to time on behalf of the Company. 
 
 2. Base Salary. Your annual Base Salary shall be at the rate of 380,000 per year, payable pursuant to the Company's normal payroll practices. Your Base Salary may be adjusted from time to time based on review by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 
 3. Annual Performance Bonus . For each calendar or fiscal year of your employment, you shall have the opportunity to earn an annual bonus (the Annual Performance Bonus with a bonus target equal to 55 of Base Salary paid in the Plan period, based on achievement of annual performance goals (based on financial and or other metrics) as established by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, and in accordance with any then applicable PQ bonus plan. 
 
 4. Equity Participation . You will be eligible to participate in the Company s Long Term Incentive (LTI) plan. You will be granted equity with a value of 750,000 on the next annual grant date (anticipated to be in first quarter 2020). This will be a combination of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and Performance Stock Units (PSUs). This grant is made pursuant to the PQ Group Holdings, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan and is subject to the terms and conditions of an award agreement, which you must execute. This agreement will also describe the vesting metrics. Both the Plan and the award agreements will be provided to you after your employment begins. 
 
 5. Benefits . Effective January 1, 2020, you shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans ), including but not limited to any Employee Benefit Plans that are designated for similarly situated employees, to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or cancel any Employee Benefit Plans at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plans and applicable law. 
 
 6. Vacation . Beginning January 1, 2020, you shall be entitled to twenty (20) days of paid vacation per year until such time as you earn additional vacation in accordance with the Company s published vacation policy. 
 
 7. Severance . The Company is in the process of developing a new severance plan. In the interim, if your employment is terminated by the Company without Cause, and subject to your execution of a General Release of Claims, you shall be entitled to receive continued Base Salary and health benefits at the active employee contributions rates for the 9-month period following the date of termination. 

8. Restrictive Covenants As a condition of employment, subsequent to the signing of this offer letter and as a condition to the receipt of the equity awards set forth in Section 4, you agree to execute the Company s Employee Agreement that includes confidentiality, non-competition for a period of two (2) years post-employment, and intellectual property provisions. You will also be expected to comply with the Company's policies and procedures, including the Code of Conduct. 
 
 You will be considered an employee at will. No commitment for employment for any specified duration (e.g. lifetime , permanent , or as long as performance is satisfactory or any modification of the terms of this offer shall be valid or binding on PQ unless it is expressly set forth in a written document and signed by you and PQ s Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 We are pleased to offer you this opportunity. If you agree to the terms of this offer of employment, please sign and date where appropriate below and return a signed copy to me. We look forward to a positive response. Please contact me if you have any questions. 

Sincerely, 
 
 PQ CORPORATION 

By s WILLIAM J. SICHKO Name William J. Sichko, Jr. Title Chief Administrative Officer Accepted s THOMAS SCHNEBERGER Date November 26, 2019 Thomas Schneberger 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 5
 ex1030-gvannofferletter.htm
 EX-10.30

Document 

Exhibit 10.30 
 July 19, 2022 

George L. Vann, Jr. 
 6819 Green Hollow Way 
 Highland, MD 20777 
 
 Dear George 
 
 On behalf of Ecoservices Operations Corp.( Ecoservices or the Company ), I am pleased to offer you the position of President, Ecoservices. This offer is contingent upon compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, which requires you to provide proof of identity and employment eligibility on the first day you report to work. 
 
 1. Start Date. Your tentative start date will be no later than August 22, 2022. Your place of employment will be The Woodlands, Texas and you will report to the Chief Executive Officer of Ecovyst, Inc. (NYSE ECVT), the publicly traded parent company of Ecoservices. You understand and agree that you shall travel from time to time on behalf of the Company. 
 
 2. Base Salary. Your annual Base Salary shall be at the rate of 345,000 per year, payable pursuant to the Company's normal payroll practices. Your Base Salary may be adjusted from time to time based by the Compensation Committee of the Ecovyst Board of Directors. 
 
 3. Sign on Bonus You will receive a sign-on bonus in the amount of 50,000, less applicable withholdings, which will be included with your regular pay in October 2022. However, if you leave the Company voluntarily on or before the one-year anniversary of your start date, you agree to repay such bonus amount in full within 90 days of your separation date 
 
 4. Annual Performance Bonus . You will be eligible to participate in the Ecovyst Incentive Plan EIP effective with your start date. Your target level is 60 of your base salary paid in the EIP period, All payments are based on achievement of annual performance goals and or metrics as established by the Compensation Committee of the Ecovyst Board of Directors. 
 
 5. Equity Participation . You will be eligible to participate in the Ecovyst Long Term Incentive (LTI) plan and will receive two equity grants as part of your commencement of employment as follows (1) You will be granted Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and or Performance Stock Units (PSUs) with a combined value of at least 500,000 on the next annual grant date (anticipated to be in first quarter 2023), which will vest over a 3 year period and (2) You will also be granted 14,750 RSUs which will vest on July 1, 2023. Both grants are made pursuant to the Ecovyst Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated (the Plan and are subject to the terms and conditions of such Plan and the applicable award agreements, which you must execute. Both the Plan and the award agreements will be provided at the time the grants are made. 
 
 6. Benefits . Effective October 1, 2022, you shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans ), including but not limited to any Employee Benefit Plans that are designated for similarly situated employees, to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or cancel any Employee Benefit Plans at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plans and applicable law. 
 
 7. Vacation . For the remainder of 2022, you shall be entitled to nine (9) days of paid vacation. Effective January 1, 2023, you shall be entitled to twenty (20) days of paid vacation per calendar year until such time as you earn additional vacation in accordance with the Company s published vacation policy. 

8. Relocation . The Company shall pay or reimburse your reasonably incurred expenses to relocation from Highland, MD to The Woodlands, TX area. However, if you leave the Company voluntarily on or before the one-year anniversary of your start date, you agree to repay the full amount of the expenses for which you are reimbursed within ninety (90) days of your separation date. 
 
 9. Restrictive Covenants As a condition of employment, subsequent to the signing of this offer letter and as a condition to the receipt of the equity awards set forth in Section 5, you agree to execute the Company s Employee Agreement that includes confidentiality, non-competition for a period of two (2) years post-employment, and intellectual property assignment provisions. You will also be expected to comply with the Company's policies and procedures, including the Ecovyst Code of Conduct. 
 
 10. Warranties Representations Concerning Prior Restrictions You warrant, represent and covenant that the performance of your duties and responsibilities for the Company will not violate any restrictions that may exist in favor of your prior employer. In addition, you should not bring with you any of your prior employer s information. The term information is intended to be broader than confidential, proprietary, intellectual property or trade secret information. The Company does not want you to bring, provide to or use on behalf of the Company (or any of its affiliates) any information in any form from your former employer. 
 
 You will be considered an employee at will. No commitment for employment for any specified duration (e.g. lifetime , permanent , or as long as performance is satisfactory or any modification of the terms of this offer shall be valid or binding on Ecovyst unless it is expressly set forth in a written document and signed by you and Ecovyst s Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 We are pleased to offer you this opportunity. If you agree to the terms of this offer of employment, please sign and date where appropriate below and return a signed copy to me. We look forward to a positive response. Please contact me if you have any questions. 

Sincerely, 
 
 Ecoservices 

By s WILLIAM J. SICHKO Name William J. Sichko, Jr. Title Chief Administrative Officer Accepted s GEORGE L. VANN, JR Date July 19, 2022 George L. Vann, Jr. 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 6
 ex1031-pwhittlestonofferle.htm
 EX-10.31

Document 
 Corporate Headquarters 300 Lindenwood Drive Valleybrooke Corporate Center Malvern, PA 19355 (484) 617-1200 

 Exhibit 10.31 
 November 28, 2022 

Paul Whittleston 
 Harrogate 
 North Yorkshire 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Dear Paul 
 
 On behalf of Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies, LLC Ecovyst or the Company ), I am pleased to offer you the position of President, Catalyst Technologies. 
 
 1. Start Date . Your effective date in this new position will be January 1, 2023. Your place of employment will be Conshohocken, PA and you will report to the Chief Executive Officer of Ecovyst. You understand and agree that you shall travel from time to time on behalf of the Company. Although you are currently employed by the Company in the UK, you will need to provide proof of identity and employment eligibility on the first day you report to work in the United States. 
 
 2. Base Salary . Your annual Base Salary shall be at the rate of 325,000 per year, payable pursuant to the Company's normal payroll practices. Your Base Salary may be adjusted from time to time based on review by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 
 3. Annual Performance Bonus . For each calendar or fiscal year of your employment, you shall have the opportunity to earn an annual bonus (the Annual Performance Bonus with a bonus target equal to 60 of Base Salary paid in the Plan period, based on achievement of annual performance goals (based on financial and or other metrics) as established by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, and in accordance with any then applicable Ecovyst bonus plan. 
 
 4. Equity Participation . You will be eligible to participate in the Company s Long-Term Incentive (LTI) plan and will be granted Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and Performance Stock Units (PSUs) with a combined value of 650,000 on the next annual grant date (anticipated to be in first quarter 2023.) The grant is made pursuant to the Ecovyst Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated and are subject to the terms and conditions of award agreements, which you must execute. These agreements will also describe the specific vesting schedule for each grant. Both the Plan and the award agreements will be provided at the time the grants are made. 
 
 5. Benefits . Effective January 1, 2023, you shall be entitled to participate in all U.S. employee benefit plans, practices and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans ), including but not limited to any Employee Benefit Plans that are designated for similarly situated employees, to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or cancel any Employee Benefit Plans at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plans and applicable law. 
 
 6. Vacation . Beginning in 2023, you shall be entitled to twenty-five (25) days of paid vacation until such time as you earn additional vacation in accordance with the Company s published vacation policy. 
 
 7. Relocation . It is expected that you will relocate to the United States no later than July 1, 2023. The company will reimburse you or pay directly to a service provider on your behalf for reasonable relocation expenses. If you voluntarily leave the Company within 24 months of the 

completion of your relocation, you agree to repay to the Company any relocation amounts that have been reimbursed to you or paid on your behalf within 90 days of your separation date. 
 
 8. Restrictive Covenants As a condition of employment, subsequent to the signing of this offer letter and as a condition to the receipt of the equity awards set forth in Section 4, you agree to execute the Company s Employee Agreement that includes confidentiality, non-competition for a period of two (2) years post-employment, and intellectual property provisions. You will also be expected to comply with the Company's policies and procedures, including the Code of Conduct. 
 
 You will be considered an employee at will. No commitment for employment for any specified duration (e.g. lifetime , permanent , or as long as performance is satisfactory or any modification of the terms of this offer shall be valid or binding on Ecovyst unless it is expressly set forth in a written document and signed by you and Ecovyst s Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 As provided in Section 3.2 of the Service Agreement effective 10 September 2022, this offer letter replaces that Agreement and your UK offer letter, both of which shall cease to have effect by mutual agreement. 
 
 We are pleased to offer you this opportunity. If you agree to the terms of this offer, please sign and date where appropriate below and return a signed copy to me. We look forward to a positive response. Please contact me if you have any questions. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies, LLC 

By s WILLIAM J. SICHKO Name William J. Sichko, Jr. Title Chief Administrative Officer Accepted s PAUL WHITTLESTON Date November 28, 2022 Paul Whittleston 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 ex211-subsidiarylistingx12.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF ECOVYST INC. 
 
 ENTITY JURISDICTION 
 Ecovyst Inc. 
 Delaware Ecovyst Holdings Inc. 
 Delaware Ecovyst Midco I Inc. 
 Delaware Ecovyst Midco II Inc. 
 Delaware Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC 
 Pennsylvania Delpen Corporation 
 Delaware Eco Services Operations Corp. 
 Delaware Chem32 LLC 
 Delaware Commercial Research Associates, Inc. 
 Pennsylvania Zeolyst International 1 
 Kansas Ecovyst International Holdings Inc. 
 Delaware New Dutch Catalyst Holdco 1 B.V. Netherlands New Dutch Catalyst Holdco 2 B.V. Netherlands New Dutch Catalyst Holdco 3 B.V. Netherlands Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies UK Ltd United Kingdom Ecovyst Zeolites B.V. Netherlands Zeolyst CV 2 
 Netherlands Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies Brazil Ltda Brazil PT Ecovyst Indonesia 3 
 Indonesia Ecovyst International Cooperatie UA Netherlands Ecovyst International B.V. Netherlands Ecovyst International, Inc. 
 Pennsylvania Ecovyst Systems Inc. 
 Pennsylvania Ecovyst Pennsylvania Inc. 
 Pennsylvania Ecovyst UK Holding 1 Limited United Kingdom Ecovyst UK Holding 2 Limited United Kingdom 

1 Represents a joint venture company of which the registrant indirectly owns 50 of the voting equity. 2 Represents a joint venture company of which the registrant indirectly owns 50 of the voting equity. 3 Registrant indirectly owns 99.88 of the voting equity. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 ex231-consentofpwcxecovyst.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-220774, 333-227643 and 333-262180) and the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-255514) of Ecovyst Inc. of our report dated February 28, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 9
 ex232-consentofpwcxzix1231.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-220774, 333-227643 and 333-262180) and the Registration Statement Form S-3 (No. 333-255514) of Ecovyst Inc. of our report dated February 28, 2023 relating to the financial statements of Zeolyst International, which appears in Ecovyst Inc. s Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 ex311-sec302ceocertx123120.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Kurt J. Bitting, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ecovyst Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 s KURT J. BITTING Kurt J. Bitting Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 ex312-sec302cfocertx123120.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael Feehan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ecovyst Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 s MICHAEL FEEHAN Michael Feehan 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 ex321-sec906ceocertx123120.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of Ecovyst Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kurt J. Bitting, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 s KURT J. BITTING Kurt J. Bitting Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 ex322-sec906cfocertx123120.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of Ecovyst Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Feehan, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 s MICHAEL FEEHAN Michael Feehan 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 ecvt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 ecvt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 ecvt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 ecvt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 ecvt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

