<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1603454_0001493152-23-008724.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7599054</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>404027</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2313904</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1947585</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1328143</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1455731</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008724.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323171605
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008724
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Celcuity Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001603454
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38207
		FILM NUMBER:		23757086

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16305 36TH AVENUE N
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55446
		BUSINESS PHONE:		763-392-0767

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16305 36TH AVENUE N
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55446

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Celcuity LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140324

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008724.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______________________ to ___________________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on 9.10, the closing
price of the shares of common stock on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter) as reported by The Nasdaq Capital Market on such date, was approximately . 

As
of March 15, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED IN PART BY REFERENCE 

2022
Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table
of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 33 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 57 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 57 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 57 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 57 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 58 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 59 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 59 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 67 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 68 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 88 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 88 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 88 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 89 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 91 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 91 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 91 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 91 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 92 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 92 

Signatures 
 93 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements regarding us, our business prospects
and our results of operations that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business, prospects and
results of operations to differ materially from those that may be anticipated by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could
cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date of this Annual Report. We expressly disclaim any intent or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures
made by us in this Annual Report and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC that
advise interested parties of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our business. 

All
statements, other than statements of historical facts, contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding our plans, objectives
and expectations for our business, operations and financial performance and condition, are forward-looking statements. In some cases,
you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: anticipate, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, target, 
 ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, 
 will, would, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking
statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
cause our results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report. Additionally, our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions,
mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments that we may make. Forward-looking statements may include, among other things, statements
relating to: 

our
 clinical trial plans and the estimated timelines and costs for such trials; 

our
 plans to develop and commercialize gedatolisib, our first internally developed drug candidate; 

our
 expectations with respect to the potential efficacy of gedatolisib in various patient types alone or in combination with other treatments; 

our
 expectations regarding the timeline of patient enrollment and results from clinical trials, including our existing Phase 3 VIKTORIA-1
 clinical trial for gedatolisib; 

our
 expectations regarding our ability to obtain FDA approval to commercialize gedatolisib; 

our
 expectations regarding governmental laws and regulations affecting our operations, including, without limitation, the recently enacted
 Inflation Reduction Act (IRA), changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, changes in tax laws
 and regulations internationally and in the U.S.; 

our
 expectations with respect to the development, validation, required approvals, costs and timelines of gedatolisib and our CELsignia
 tests; 

our
 beliefs related to the potential benefits resulting from Breakthrough Therapy designation for gedatolisib; 

our
 beliefs about our ability to capitalize on the exclusive global development and commercialization rights obtained from our license
 agreement with Pfizer with respect to gedatolisib; 

our
 beliefs related to the perceived advantages of our CELsignia tests compared to traditional molecular or other diagnostic tests; 

the
 size and growth potential of the markets for both our CELsignia platform and gedatolisib, and our ability to serve those markets; 

our
 plans with respect to research and development and related expenses for the foreseeable future; 

our
 beliefs with respect to the potential rate and degree of market acceptance, both in the United States and internationally, and clinical
 utility of our therapeutics, diagnostic platform and tests; 

our
 expectations regarding the future payments that may be owed to Pfizer under our license agreement with them; 

our
 plans to develop and commercialize our CELsignia platform and CELsignia tests for patients with cancer and our expectations regarding
 the various cancer sub-types our CELsignia tests will identify; 

3 

our
 beliefs on the perceived advantage of our CELsignia platform and CELsignia tests as compared to traditional molecular or other diagnostic
 tests, including, without limitation, the ability of our platform and tests to help physicians treat their patients cancers
 or to identify new patient populations not diagnosable with currently available diagnostic tests; 

our
 expectations regarding revenue from sales of CELsignia tests and revenue from milestone or other payment sources; 

our
 expected first-mover advantage in providing products to culture living tumor cells on a commercial scale, or the sustainability of
 our competitive advantages; 

our
 expectations regarding business development activities, including companion diagnostic related activities with pharmaceutical companies;

expectations
 regarding federal, state, and foreign regulatory requirements and developments, such as potential FDA review and regulation of our
 gedatolisib drug candidate, our CELsignia platform and CELsignia tests, our operations and our laboratory; 

our
 plans with respect to pricing in the United States and internationally, and our ability to obtain reimbursement for both our CELsignia
 tests and gedatolisib drug candidate, including expectations as to our ability or the amount of time it will take to achieve successful
 reimbursement from third-party payors, such as commercial insurance companies and health maintenance organizations, and from government
 insurance programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

our
 expectations as to the use of proceeds from our recently completed PIPE offering; 

our
 expectations with respect to accessing our current debt facility or any other debt facility or other capital source in the future;

our
 beliefs regarding the adequacy of our cash on hand to fund our research and development expenses, capital expenditures, working capital,
 sales and marketing expenses, and other general corporate expenses, as well as the increased costs associated with being a public
 company; 

our
 expectations regarding our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates, including
 our gedatolisib drug candidate and our CELsignia platform and tests; and 

our
 expectations regarding the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic effects will have on our business and results of
 operations. 

These
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our results or our industry s actual
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. Certain risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, our limited operating history;
the potential impact of COVID-19 and any resurgence thereof on our business and clinical study activities; our potential inability to
develop, validate and commercialize gedatolisib on a timely basis or at all; the uncertainties and costs associated with clinical studies
and with developing and commercializing biopharmaceuticals; the complexity and difficulty of demonstrating the safety and sufficient
magnitude of benefit to support regulatory approval of gedatolisib and other products we may develop; challenges we may face in developing
and maintaining relationships with pharmaceutical company partners; the complexity and timeline for development of our CELsignia tests;
the uncertainty regarding market acceptance of our products and services by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the
medical community, uncertainty with respect to the size of market opportunities available to us; uncertainty regarding the pricing of
drug products and molecular and other diagnostic products and services that compete or may compete with us; uncertainty with insurance
coverage and reimbursement for our products and services; difficulties we may face in managing growth, such as hiring and retaining key
personnel; changes in government regulations; and obtaining and maintaining intellectual property protection for our technology and time
and expense associated with defending third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, investigations or litigation threatened
or initiated against us. S ee Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual
Report for additional risks, uncertainties and other factors applicable to the Company. 

4 

SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS 

Below
is a summary of the material factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address
all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face,
can be found in the Risk Factors section of Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report and should be carefully considered, together
with other information in this Annual Report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission before making investment
decisions regarding our common stock. 

We
 have a limited operating history and we may never generate revenue or profit; 

Our
 inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms in the future may limit our ability to develop and commercialize our therapeutic
 (Rx) and companion diagnostic (CDx) strategy; 

We
 are currently conducting and will continue to conduct clinical trials. Clinical trials are expensive and complex with uncertain outcomes,
 which may prevent or delay commercialization of any drug product candidates or CELsignia tests; 

The
 COVID-19 pandemic may materially and adversely impact our business, including ongoing clinical trials; 

Our
 future strategy is dependent on the success of our initial drug product, gedatolisib, as well as other drug products we may develop.
 If we are unable to successfully complete clinical development of, obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our drug products,
 or if we experience delays in doing so, our business will be materially and adversely impacted; 

The
 successful development of biopharmaceuticals such as gedatolisib is highly uncertain; 

We
 were not involved in the early development of gedatolisib; therefore, we are dependent on third parties having accurately generated,
 collected, interpreted and reported data from certain preclinical and clinical trials; 

As
 an organization, we have never successfully completed any registrational clinical trials, and we may be unable to do so for any drug
 candidates we may develop; 

For
 a new drug to be approved for marketing, the FDA in the United States and health authorities in other countries, must determine that
 the drug is safe and effective. Because all drugs can have adverse effects, the data from our Phase 3 clinical study must demonstrate
 to the satisfaction of the FDA and other health authorities that the benefits of gedatolisib in combination with palbociclib and
 fulvestrant, or gedatolisib in combination with fulvestrant, outweigh its risks. Failure to demonstrate sufficient magnitude of benefit,
 even if the benefit is found to be statistically significant, may not support regulatory approval; 

If
 we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in any of our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed
 or otherwise adversely affected; 

If
 we are unable to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our products and technology, or if the scope of the intellectual
 property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products or technology similar
 or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and diagnostic tests may be impaired; 

We
 depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties, including from Pfizer for our lead product candidate, gedatolisib, and
 termination of this license could result in the loss of significant rights, which would materially and adversely impact our business; 

If
 we fail to comply with our obligations under our patent license with Pfizer, we could lose certain license rights that are important
 to our business; 

Our
 success with CELsignia is heavily dependent on the success of our first CELsignia trials and we cannot be certain of the outcomes
 of such trials; 

We
 may not be successful in finding pharmaceutical company partners for continuing development of additional CELsignia tests; 

We
 have not attempted to market our CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test and CELsignia Multi-Pathway Activity Test to physicians or
 their patients as stand-alone tests and have no ability to determine if these tests or any of our other tests will be commercially
 viable; 

We
 will be dependent on our ability to attract and retain key personnel; and 

We
 face significant competition from other pharmaceutical and diagnostic companies. 

5 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. Business 

Overview 

Unless
otherwise provided in this Annual Report, references to the Company, we, us, and our 
and similar references refer to Celcuity Inc., a Delaware corporation. We own various unregistered trademarks and service marks, including
our corporate logo. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, trade names and service marks in this Annual Report, including those owned
by third parties, may be referred to without the , TM or SM symbols, but such references should not be construed
as any indicator that the owner of such trademarks, trade names and service marks will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable
law, their rights thereto. We do not intend the use or display of other companies trademarks, trade names and service marks to
imply an endorsement or sponsorship of us by any other companies. 

We
are a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on development of targeted therapies for treatment of multiple solid tumor indications.
Our lead therapeutic candidate is gedatolisib, a pan-PI3K/mTOR inhibitor. Its mechanism of action and pharmacokinetic properties are
highly differentiated from other currently approved and investigational therapies that target PI3K or mTOR alone or together. With respect
to our CDx development activities, our CELsignia diagnostic platform is uniquely able to analyze live patient tumor cells to identify
new groups of cancer patients likely to benefit from targeted therapies. 

Our
therapeutic candidate, gedatolisib, is a potent, well-tolerated, small molecule dual inhibitor, administered intravenously, that selectively
targets all Class I isoforms of PI3K and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR). In April 2021, we obtained exclusive global development
and commercialization rights to gedatolisib under a license agreement with Pfizer, Inc. Our initial clinical development program for
gedatolisib will focus on the treatment of patients with hormone receptor positive (HR+), HER2-negative, advanced or metastatic breast
cancer. In 2022, we dosed our first patient in our Phase 3 clinical trial, VIKTORIA-1, evaluating gedatolisib in combination with fulvestrant
with or without palbociclib in patients with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer (ABC). 

Supporting
the development of a potential first-in-class targeted therapy for breast cancer, like gedatolisib, with our CELsignia platform is a
natural extension of our strategy to use our CELsignia CDx to enable new indications for other companies targeted therapies. By
combining companion diagnostics designed to enable proprietary new drug indications with targeted therapies that treat signaling dysregulation
our CDx identifies, we believe we are uniquely positioned to improve the standard-of-care for many early and late-stage breast cancer
patients. Our goal is to play a key role in the multiple treatment approaches required to treat breast cancer patients at various stages
of their disease. 

Therapeutic
(Rx) Product Development 

Gedatolisib

Gedatolisib
is a potent, reversible dual inhibitor that selectively targets PI3K and mTOR. Gedatolisib was originally developed by Wyeth and clinical
development was continued by Pfizer after it acquired Wyeth. We exclusively licensed global rights to gedatolisib from Pfizer in April
2021. A Phase 1b trial evaluating patients with ER+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer was initiated in 2016 and subsequently enrolled 138
patients. 

On
January 13, 2022, gedatolisib was granted Fast Track designation for the treatment of patients with HR+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer
after progression on CDK4/6 therapy. Fast Track designation is granted by the FDA for products that are intended for the treatment of
serious or life-threatening disease or conditions and which demonstrate the potential to address an unmet medical need. 

On
July 18, 2022, gedatolisib was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation for HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer after progression on CDK4/6
therapy. Breakthrough Therapy designation is granted by the FDA to expedite the development and regulatory review of an investigational
medicine that is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition. The criteria for Breakthrough Therapy designation require
preliminary clinical evidence that demonstrates the drug may have substantial improvement on one or more clinically significant endpoints
over available therapy. 

In
2022, we activated VIKTORIA-1, a Phase 3, open-label, randomized clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of two regimens in
adults with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer whose disease has progressed after prior CDK4/6 therapy in combination with an aromatase
inhibitor: 1) gedatolisib in combination with palbociclib and fulvestrant; and 2) gedatolisib in combination with fulvestrant. Two hundred
clinical sites in North America, Europe, South America, Asia, and Australia have been selected to participate in the study. The first
clinical site was activated in the third quarter of 2022. The first dosage of a patient in the trial occurred in December 2022. 

6 

Background

Breast
cancer is the most prevalent cancer in women, accounting for 30 of all female cancers and 13 of cancer-related deaths in the United
States. The National Cancer Institute estimated that approximately 281,000 new cases of breast cancer would be diagnosed in the United
States in 2020, and approximately 43,600 breast cancer patients would die of the disease. Approximately 190,000, or 70 , of these new
cases are for HR+/HER2- breast cancer. 

Four
different breast cancer subtypes are currently identified using molecular tests that determine the level of HR and HER2 expression. About
70 of breast cancers are HR+/HER2-, which is indicative of hormone dependency. Despite progress in treatment strategies, metastatic
HR+/HER2- breast cancer (MBC) remains an incurable disease, with a median overall survival (OS) of three years and a five-year survival
rate of 29 . 

Four
different classes of targeted therapies are currently used to treat HR+/HER2- tumors: endocrine-based therapies, CDK4/6 inhibitors, PI3K
inhibitors and mTOR inhibitors. Each of the CDK4/6 inhibitors, PI3K inhibitors and mTOR inhibitors are generally used to respond to the
related mechanisms of resistance to endocrine therapy, namely, activation of the CDK4/6, PI3K and mTOR pathways. 

As
specifically relates to gedatolisib, activation of the PI3K/mTOR pathway has been implicated in a wide variety of human cancers, involving
either activating mutations, or other unknown drivers of pathway amplification. These include cancers of the breast, prostate, endometrial,
colon, rectum, and lung, among others. 

Activities
associated with PI3K involve complex essential cell regulatory mechanisms including feedforward and feedback signaling loops.
Overactivation of the pathway is frequently present in human malignancies and plays a key role in cancer progression. Four catalytic
isoforms of Class I PI3K preferentially mediate signal transduction and tumor cell survival based on the type of malignancy and
the genetic or epigenetic alterations an individual patient harbors. Due to the multiple subcellular locations, activities, and
importance of the different PI3K complexes in regulating many types of cancer cell proliferation, control of PI3K activity is an
important target in cancer therapy. 

mTOR
is a critical effector in cell-signaling pathways commonly dysregulated in human cancers. The mTOR signaling pathway integrates both
intracellular and extracellular signals and serves as a central regulator of cell metabolism, growth, proliferation, and survival. mTOR
is a serine/threonine protein kinase, a downstream effector of PI3K, and regulated by hormones, growth factors, and nutrients, that is
contained in two functionally distinct protein assemblies mTORC1 and mTORC2. In cancer, dysfunctional signaling leads to various
constitutive activities of the mTOR complexes, making mTOR a good therapeutic target. 

In
addition, the PI3K/mTOR pathway, like other mitogenic pathways, can also promote the activities of cyclin D and CDK4/6 to drive proliferative
cell cycling. The available evidence indicates that resistance to CDK4/6 inhibition in patients with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer
is a transient adaptive mechanism, most likely involving the PI3K/mTOR pathway. This data indicates that CDK4/6 signaling is restored
in CDK4/6 resistant tumors when PI3K/mTOR inhibitors are applied. Thus, continuing CDK4/6 inhibitor treatment in combination with a PI3K/mTOR
inhibitor in patients who progressed on their prior CDK4/6 inhibitor, would both blockade the reactivated CDK4/6 pathway and prevent
adaptive activation of the PI3K/mTOR pathway. This suggests the limited efficacy induced by current standard-of-care (SOC) therapies
in patients who have progressed on a CDK4/6 therapy reflects the mechanistic inadequacy of relying on partial PI3K/mTOR inhibition (e.g.,
alpelisib or everolimus) and no CDK4/6 inhibition to address this complex disease mechanism. 

We
believe the complex connection between the PI3K/mTOR and CDK4/6 pathways can enable gedatolisib to adaptively reactivate CDK4/6 signaling
that reportedly occurs in CDK4/6 resistant tumors when the PI3K/mTOR pathway is completely blockaded. By re-activating CDK4/6 signaling,
we believe gedatolisib can restore the therapeutic effect of CDK4/6 inhibition when it is combined with a CDK4/6 inhibitor. The contributory
effect of a CDK4/6 inhibitor when combined with gedatolisib would thus largely reflect the interaction between the two therapies that
gedatolisib initiates. 

Evidence
of gedatolisib anti-tumor in vivo activity was provided in a study evaluating the combination of gedatolisib and a CDK4/6 inhibitor in
cell-line xenograft model where response to endocrine therapy was improved and tumor regressions were induced. In a study evaluating
the MCF7 xenograft model (ER+/HER2-/PIK3CA mutant), the combination of gedatolisib with palbociclib and fulvestrant caused 90 tumor
regression with no tumor regrowth observed for more than 60 days after the final dose. 

7 

Advantages
of Gedatolisib over other PI3K and mTOR inhibitors 

The
important role the PI3K/mTOR pathway plays in cancer has led to significant investment in the development of many different PI3K and
mTOR inhibitors for solid tumors. However, developing efficacious and well-tolerated therapies that target this pathway has been challenging.
This reflects the inherent adaptability and complexity of the PI3K pathway, where numerous feedforward and feedback loops, crosstalk
with other pathways, and compensatory pathways enable resistance to PI3K inhibition. Another major hurdle for the development of PI3K
pathway inhibitors has been the inability to achieve optimal drug-target blockade in tumors while avoiding undue toxicities in patients. 

We
believe there is significant potential for gedatolisib to address previously treated breast cancer tumors and has the potential to be
used in other tumor types where the PI3K/mTOR pathway is either: i) driving tumorigenesis directly; ii) cooperating with other dysregulated
signaling pathways; or iii) a mechanism of resistance to other drug therapies. 

As
a result, we believe gedatolisib s unique mechanism of action, favorable pharmacokinetic properties, and intravenous formulation
offer distinct advantages over currently approved and investigational therapies that target PI3K or mTOR alone or together. 

Overcomes
 limitations of therapies that only inhibit a single Class I PI3K isoform or only one mTOR kinase complex. 

Gedatolisib
 is a pan-class I isoform PI3K inhibitor with low nanomolar potency for the p110 , p110 , p110 , and p110 
 isoforms. Because gedatolisib inhibits all four PI3K isoforms and both mTOR complexes, it prevents the confounding effect of isoform
 interaction that may occur with isoform-specific PI3K inhibitors and the confounding interaction between PI3K isoforms and mTOR.
 This compares to therapies that only inhibit a single Class I isoforms (e.g., alpelisib, a PI3K- inhibitor) or only one mTOR
 kinase complex (e.g., everolimus, an mTORC1 inhibitor), which cross-activate uninhibited sub-units due to numerous feedforward and
 feedback loops between the PI3K isoforms and mTOR, which in turn induces compensatory resistance that reduces the efficacy of isoform
 specific PI3K or single mTOR kinase complex inhibitors. 

Better
 tolerated by patients than oral PI3K and mTOR drugs. 

Gedatolisib
 is administered intravenously (IV) on a four-week cycle of three weeks-on, one week-off, in contrast to the orally administered pan-PI3K
 or dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitors that are no longer being clinically developed. Oral pan-PI3K or PI3K/mTOR inhibitors have repeatably
 been found to induce significant side effects that were not well tolerated by patients. This typically leads to a high proportion
 of patients requiring dose reductions or treatment discontinuation, despite showing promising efficacy. By contrast, gedatolisib
 stabilizes at lower concentration levels in plasma compared to orally administered PI3K inhibitors, resulting in less toxicity, while
 maintaining concentrations sufficient to inhibit PI3K/mTOR signaling. 

Isoform-specific
 PI3K inhibitors administered orally were developed to reduce toxicities in patients. While the range of toxicities associated with
 isoform-specific inhibitors is narrower than oral pan-PI3K or PI3K/mTOR inhibitors, administering them orally on a continuous basis
 still leads to challenging toxicities. The experience with an FDA approved oral p110- specific inhibitor, Piqray, illustrates
 the challenge. In its Phase 3 pivotal trial, Piqray was found to induce a Grade 3 or 4 adverse event (AE) related to hyperglycemia
 in 39 of patients evaluated. In addition, 26 of patients discontinued alpelisib due to treatment related adverse events. By contrast,
 in the 103-patient dose expansion portion of the Phase 1b clinical trial with gedatolisib, only 7 of patients experienced Grade
 3 or 4 hyperglycemia and less than 10 discontinued treatment. 

8 

Clinical
Experience with Gedatolisib 

As
of December 31, 2022, 492 patients with solid tumors have received gedatolisib in eight clinical trials sponsored by Pfizer. Of the 492
patients, 129 were treated with gedatolisib as a single agent in three clinical trials. The remaining 363 patients received gedatolisib
in combination with other anti-cancer agents in five clinical trials. Additional patients received gedatolisib in combination with other
anti-cancer agents in nine investigator sponsored clinical trials. 

On
January 13, 2022, gedatolisib was granted Fast Track designation for the treatment of patients with HR+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer
after progression on CDK4/6 therapy. Fast Track designation is granted by the FDA for products that are intended for the treatment of
serious or life-threatening disease or conditions and which demonstrate the potential to address an unmet medical need. The designation
offers the opportunity for frequent interactions with the FDA to discuss the drug s development plan and to ensure collection of
appropriate data needed to support drug approval, as well as eligibility for rolling submission of a New Drug Application. 

On
July 18, 2022, gedatolisib was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation for HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer after progression on CDK4/6
therapy. Breakthrough Therapy designation is granted by the FDA to expedite the development and regulatory review of an investigational
medicine that is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition. The criteria for Breakthrough Therapy designation require
preliminary clinical evidence that demonstrates the drug may have substantial improvement on one or more clinically significant endpoints
over available therapy. The benefits of Breakthrough Therapy Designation include more intensive guidance from the FDA on an efficient
development program, access to a scientific liaison to help accelerate review time, and potential eligibility for priority review if
relevant criteria are met. Celcuity s breakthrough application was supported by data from a Phase 1b study that assessed the safety,
tolerability and clinical activity of gedatolisib in combination with palbociclib and fulvestrant in patients with HR+/HER2- advanced
breast cancer whose disease progressed during treatment with a CDK4/6 therapy and an aromatase inhibitor. 

Gedatolisib s
safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetic profile were determined in a Phase 1 First-in-Human study. The favorability of preliminary results
from our most recently completed clinical trial, a Phase 1b study which evaluated 138 patients with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer
(ABC), led us to focus on our initial clinical development program on advanced breast cancer. 

Phase
1 First-in-Human Study 

In
2013, Pfizer completed a Phase 1, open-label, dose-escalation first-in human study of single-agent gedatolisib in patients with advanced
solid tumors. The primary objective of Part 1 of the study was to determine the safety, tolerability, and maximum tolerated dose (MTD)
of single-agent gedatolisib administered once weekly as an intravenous (IV) infusion. Seventy-seven patients with advanced solid tumors
received doses of gedatolisib and the MTD was determined to be 154 mg IV once weekly (n = 42). Based on results and analyses from subsequent
clinical trials, the maximum tolerated dose was determined to be 180 mg IV once weekly. 

Phase
1b HR+/HER2- ABC Clinical Trial Results 

In
2016, Pfizer initiated a Phase 1b dose-finding trial with an expansion portion for safety and efficacy to evaluate gedatolisib when added
to either the standard doses of palbociclib plus letrozole or palbociclib plus fulvestrant in patients with HR+/HER2- advanced breast
cancer. PI3K mutation status was not used as an eligibility criterion. Patient enrollment for the trial is complete. 

A
total of 138 patients with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer were dosed in the clinical trial. Seven patients from this study continue
to receive study treatment, as of December 31, 2022, each of whom have received study treatment for more than four years. 

35
 patients were enrolled in two dose escalation arms to evaluate the safety and tolerability and determine the MTD of gedatolisib when
 used in combination with the standard doses of palbociclib and endocrine therapies. The MTD was determined to be 180 mg administered
 intravenously once weekly. 

103
 patients were enrolled in one of four expansion arms (A, B, C, D) to determine if the triplet combination of gedatolisib plus palbociclib
 and letrozole or gedatolisib plus palbociclib and fulvestrant produced a superior objective response (OR), compared to historical
 control data of the doublet combination (palbociclib plus endocrine therapy). All patients received gedatolisib in combination with
 standard doses of palbociclib and endocrine therapy (either letrozole or fulvestrant). In Arms A, B, and C, patients received an
 intravenous dose of 180 mg of gedatolisib once weekly. In Arm D, patients received an intravenous dose of 180 mg of gedatolisib on
 a four-week cycle of three weeks-on, one week-off. Objective response was determined using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid
 Tumors v1.0, or RECIST v1.0. 

9 

Arm
 A : ABC with progression and no prior endocrine-based systemic therapy or a CDK4/6 inhibitor in the metastatic setting. First-line
 endocrine-based therapy for advanced disease (CDK4/6 treatment naive). 

Arm
 B : ABC with progression during one or two prior endocrine-based systemic therapy in the advanced setting, with no prior therapy
 with any CDK inhibitor. Second- or third-line endocrine-based therapy for metastatic disease. 

Arm
 C : ABC with progression during one or two prior endocrine-based systemic therapies in the advanced setting and following prior
 therapy with a CDK inhibitor. Second- or third-line endocrine-based therapy for advanced disease. 

Arm
 D : ABC having progressed on a CDK inhibitor in combination with endocrine therapy as the most recent regimen for advanced disease.
 Second- or third-line endocrine-based therapy for advanced disease. 

Analysis
for the 103 patients enrolled in the expansion portion of the Phase 1b clinical trial, as of a database cutoff date of June 29, 2022,
showed: 

Efficacy
 analysis for all arms in aggregate: 

63 
 objective response rate (ORR) 

92 
 clinical benefit rate (CBR) 

Best
 responses, as measured by RECIST v1.0, are shown in the following chart for Arm A (1 st line patients) and Arm D (2 nd /3 rd
 line patients who received recommended dosing regimen). The dotted line represents the cutoff for partial response (PR), defined
 as a 30 reduction from the baseline tumor assessment. 

Safety
 analysis: 

For
 all arms in aggregate, all patients experienced at least one Grade 1 or Grade 2 treatment-emergent adverse event. The Grade 3 and
 4 treatment-emergent adverse events occurring in at least 20 of patients were neutropenia (63 ), stomatitis (27 and rash (20 ).
 Neutropenia is a known class effect of CDK4/6 inhibitors. Stomatitis was reversible in most patients with a steroidal mouth rinse.
 All grades of treatment-related adverse events related to hyperglycemia was reported in 22 of patients; Grade 3 or 4 hyperglycemia
 was reported in 7 of patients. Gedatolisib was discontinued in less than 10 of patients. 

For
 the patients in Arm D, who received the Phase 3 dosing schedule, Grade 3 and 4 treatment-emergent adverse events occurring in at
 least 20 of patients were neutropenia (67 ), leukopenia (22 ), and stomatitis (22 ). All grades of treatment-related adverse events
 related to hyperglycemia was reported in 26 of patients; Grade 3 or 4 hyperglycemia was reported in 7 of patients. Gedatolisib
 was discontinued in 4 of patients. 

10 

Best
 overall response data for each arm is presented in the table below: 

Total Expansion Arms 
 (N=103, full analysis set) 

Arm A 
 Arm B 
 Arm C 
 Arm D 
 
 Prior Therapy 
 1L CDKi- naive 
 2L+ CDKi- naive 
 2L/3L CDKi -pretreated 
 2L/3L CDKi- pretreated 
 
 n (Full, response evaluable) 
 31, 27 
 13,13 
 32, 28 
 27, 27 
 
 Study Treatment 
 P + L + G 
 P + F + G 
 P + F + G 
 P + F + G 
 
 Gedatolisib schedule 
 weekly 
 weekly 
 weekly 
 3 wks on/1 wk off 
 
 ORR 1 (evaluable) 
 85 
 77 
 36 
 63 
 
 mPFS 2 , mos (range) 
 NR (16.9, NR) 
 12.9 (7.6, 38.3) 
 5.1 (3.3, 7.5) 
 12.9 (7.4, 16.7) 
 
 PFS at 12 mos 2 
 72.1 
 54.5 
 23.6 
 53.2 

(1)
ORR represents PR, except in Arm A, which had 1 CR = complete response. Responses per RECIST 1.1; (2) Includes 2 unconfirmed PR
Abbreviations: 1L= first line, 2L= second line; mos= months; NR = not reached; ORR, objective response rate; PFS, progression free
survival 

 Source:
Wesolowski 2022 SABCS 

Other
Gedatolisib Clinical Trials 

Phase
2 Pilot Clinical Trial for HER2+/PIK3CA+ Patients 

The
Korean Cancer Study Group sponsored a Phase 2 pilot clinical trial to evaluate gedatolisib combined with a trastuzumab biosimilar (Herzuma ),
in patients with HER2+/PIK3CA+ metastatic breast cancers whose disease had progressed after treatment with three or more prior HER2 targeted
therapy regimens. The clinical trial commenced in December 2019 and interim efficacy data from the first 17 patients enrolled was presented
at the San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium in December 2021. Patients received a trastuzumab biosimilar (8 mg/kg IV for 1st cycle loading
dose, and then 6 mg/kg IV every 3 weeks) plus gedatolisib (180 mg, weekly IV). The primary endpoint was objective response, a reduction
of at least 30 in tumor volume by RECIST v1.1. 

As
of a data cutoff date of October 30, 2021, 10 of 17 patients achieved a partial response, an ORR of 59 , and four patients had stable
disease. Fourteen of 17 patients thus received either a partial response or stable disease, resulting in a clinical benefit rate of 82 .
Best responses are shown in the following chart. The dotted lines represent the cutoff for progressive disease (>20 tumor growth)
and for partial response (>30 tumor regression). 

11 

Best Response 

Patient whose target lesion decreased by 63 but a new leptomeningeal seeding occurred. 

The
duration of treatment for the 16 patients evaluated is shown in the chart below. As of the October 30, 2020 data cutoff, 16 patients
(80 remained on therapy. Four patients discontinued treatment, one due to disease progression, one due to an adverse event of Grade
1 diarrhea, one participant decision, and one patient being unable to undergo the required MRI imaging due to a titanium rod implant
from non-treatment related worsening of scoliosis. At the time of data cut-off, the median time on treatment for these 20 patients was
10.1 cycles (approximately 10 months) and all 10 patients who had achieved an objective response remained on therapy assessment. At the
time of the analysis, nine patients had a continuing response. The dashed lines show the response at 3 months and 6 months. 

Duration
of Treatment 

Phase
1 Clinical Trial in Patients with Solid Tumors 

A
phase 1 study conducted at the Indiana University Simon Cancer Center evaluated the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and preliminary
activity of gedatolisib combined with carboplatin and paclitaxel in patients with advanced solid tumors previously who were treated with
two or more prior chemotherapies. Seventeen patients were enrolled (10 clear cell ovarian, one low-grade serous ovarian, four endometrial,
and two lung cancers). The ORR was 65 in all patients (11/17 patients: eight partial responses and three complete responses) and stable
disease was 17 (3/17). Among patients with clear cell ovarian cancer, the ORR was 80 , with three patients achieving a complete response. 

12 

Best
Response 

Active
Gedatolisib Clinical Trials 

Phase
3 HR+/HER2- ABC Clinical Trial (VIKTORIA-1) 

In
2022, we initiated VIKTORIA-1, a Phase 3, open-label, randomized clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of gedatolisib in
combination with fulvestrant with or without palbociclib in adults with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer whose disease has progressed
after prior CDK4/6 therapy in combination with an aromatase inhibitor. This multi-center, international trial is expected to enroll 701
total subjects at approximately 200 clinical sites across North America, Europe, Latin America, and Asia. The first clinical site was
activated in the third quarter of 2022. The first patient was dosed in December 2022. 

The
clinical trial will enable separate evaluation of subjects according to their PIK3CA status. 

Subjects
 who meet eligibility criteria and do not have confirmed PIK3CA mutations (WT) will be randomly assigned (1:1:1) to receive
 a regimen of either gedatolisib, palbociclib, and fulvestrant (Arm A), gedatolisib and fulvestrant (Arm B), or fulvestrant (Arm C).
 Up to 351 subjects who are PIK3CA WT will be enrolled. 

Subjects
 who meet eligibility criteria and have PIK3CA mutations (MT) will be randomly assigned (3:3:1) to receive a regimen of either
 gedatolisib, palbociclib, and fulvestrant (Arm D), alpelisib and fulvestrant (Arm E), or gedatolisib and fulvestrant (Arm F). Up
 to 350 subjects who are PIK3CA MT will be enrolled. 

The
clinical trial primary endpoints are progression free survival (PFS), per RECIST 1.1 criteria, as assessed by blinded independent central
review (BICR). Two primary endpoints will be evaluated in subjects who are PI3KCA WT, and one primary endpoint will be evaluated in subjects
who are PI3KCA MT. In subjects who are PI3KCA WT, the PFS of gedatolisib in combination with palbociclib and fulvestrant (Arm A) will
be compared to fulvestrant monotherapy (Arm C), and the PFS in gedatolisib in combination with fulvestrant (Arm B) will be compared to
fulvestrant monotherapy (Arm C). In subjects who are PI3KCA MT, the PFS of gedatolisib in combination with palbociclib and fulvestrant
(Arm D) will be compared to alpelisib combined with fulvestrant (Arm E). 

All
subjects will receive treatment according to the assigned study arm until objective progressive disease, unacceptable toxicity, death,
or withdrawal of consent, whichever occurs first. Subjects in Arm C will have the option to receive the treatment regimen provided in
Arm A or Arm B upon radiographically confirmed disease progression. Subjects will be followed for AEs, safety laboratory testing, tumour
assessment by RECIST v1.1, quality of life, and overall survival. 

13 

Planned
Phase 2 Gedatolisib Clinical Trials 

We
expect to use the CELsignia PI3K Activity Test to help support development of gedatolisib for breast cancer indications. Our internal
studies demonstrate how measurement of PI3K-involved signaling may provide a sensitive and specific method of identifying patients most
likely to benefit from PI3K inhibitors. We believe CELsignia tests uniquely enable us to pursue indications simultaneously for unselected
patient populations and CELsignia selected patient sub-groups. This approach can greatly reduce the risk of pursing an indication for
a large, but unselected patient population, as we plan to do for the initial gedatolisib indication. By combining the capabilities of
CELsignia PI3K Activity Test with a potent pan-PI3K/mTOR inhibitor like gedatolisib, we believe we are uniquely suited to maximize the
probability of obtaining regulatory approval to market gedatolisib. 

Accordingly,
we plan to initiate a Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate gedatolisib in combination with palbociclib and letrozole in early-stage HR+/HER2-
breast cancer patients. The tumors from all patients will be evaluated with a CELsignia PI3K Pathway Test. 

Pfizer
License Agreement 

In
April 2021, we entered into a license agreement, or the Gedatolisib License Agreement, with Pfizer pursuant to which we acquired exclusive
(including as to Pfizer) worldwide sublicensable rights to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize gedatolisib for the treatment,
diagnosis and prevention of all diseases. Pursuant to the Gedatolisib License Agreement, we are obligated to use commercially reasonable
efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for at least one product in the U.S. and if regulatory approval is obtained, to commercialize
such product in the U.S and at least one international major market. 

We
paid Pfizer a 5.0 million upfront fee upon execution of the Gedatolisib License Agreement and issued to Pfizer 5.0 million of our common
stock. We are also required to make milestone payments to Pfizer upon achievement of certain development and commercial milestone events,
up to an aggregate of 335.0 million. We will pay Pfizer tiered royalties on sales of gedatolisib at percentages ranging from the low
to mid-teens, that may be subject to deductions for expiration of valid claims, amounts due under third-party licenses and generic competition.
Unless earlier terminated, the Gedatolisib License Agreement will expire upon the expiration of all royalty obligations. The royalty
period will expire on a country-by-country basis upon the later of (a) 12 years following the date of First Commercial Sale of such Product
in such country, (b) the expiration of all regulatory or data exclusivity in such country for such Product or (c) the date upon which
the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale or importation of such Product in such country would no longer infringe, but for the license
granted herein, a Valid Claim of a Licensed Patent Right. Capitalized terms in this paragraph have the meanings set forth in the Gedatolisib
License Agreement. 

We
have the right to terminate the Gedatolisib License Agreement for convenience upon 90 days prior written notice. Pfizer may not
terminate the agreement for convenience. Either we or Pfizer may terminate the Gedatolisib License Agreement if the other party is in
material breach and such breach is not cured within the specified cure period. In addition, either we or Pfizer may terminate the Gedatolisib
License Agreement in the event of specified insolvency events involving the other party. 

Manufacturing

We
rely on third parties to manufacture gedatolisib. We expect to enter into agreements with contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs,
to produce drug substance for gedatolisib. We require all of our CMOs to conduct manufacturing activities in compliance with current
good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, requirements. We anticipate that these CMOs will have the capacity to support both clinical supply
and commercial-scale production, but we do not have any formal agreements at this time to cover commercial production. We may also elect
to enter into agreements with other CMOs to manufacture supplies of drug substance and finished drug product. 

Sales
and Marketing 

If
any of our product candidates are approved, we intend to market and commercialize them in the U.S. and select international markets,
either alone or in partnership with others. Cancer patients are managed by oncologists, medical geneticists and neurologists, and therefore
we believe can be reached with a targeted sales force. 

14 

Competition
for Gedatolisib 

The
pharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapid evolution of technologies and intense competition. While we believe that our product
candidates, technology, knowledge, experience and scientific resources provide us with competitive advantages, we face competition from
major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions,
among others. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with approved treatment options, including
off-label therapies, and new therapies that may become available in the future. Key considerations that would impact our ability to effectively
compete with other therapies include the efficacy, safety, method of administration, cost, level of promotional activity and intellectual
property protection of our products. Many of the companies against which we may compete have significantly greater financial resources
and expertise than we do in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory
approvals and marketing approved products. 

There
are several PI3K and mTOR inhibitors approved by the FDA, including Piqray and Afinitor from Novartis AG, Aliqopa from Bayer Corporation,
Copiktra from Verastem, Inc., Zydelig from Gilead Sciences, Inc. and we are aware that other companies are, or may be, developing products
for this indication, including AstraZeneca plc, BridgeBio Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Kazia Therapeutics Limited,
Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Relay Therapeutics, Revolution Medicines Inc., and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited. There may be
additional companies with programs suitable for addressing these patient populations that could be competitive with our efforts but that
have not yet disclosed specific clinical development plans. Smaller or early-stage companies, including oncology-focused therapeutics
companies, may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies.
These companies may also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical
trial sites, enrolling patients in clinical trials and acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. The availability
of reimbursement from government and private payors will also significantly impact the pricing and competitiveness of our products. Our
competitors may obtain FDA or other regulatory approvals for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approvals for our product
candidates, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to commercialize our product
candidates. 

CELsignia
Development and CDx Programs 

Overview 

Our
proprietary CELsignia diagnostic platform is the only commercially ready technology we are aware of that uses a patient s living
tumor cells to identify the specific abnormal cellular process driving a patient s cancer and the targeted therapy that best treats
it. This enables us to identify patients whose tumors may respond to a targeted therapy, even though they lack a previously associated
molecular mutation. By identifying cancer patients whose tumors lack an associated genetic mutation but have abnormal cellular activity
a matching targeted therapeutic is designed to inhibit, we believe our CELsignia CDx can expand the markets for a number of already approved
targeted therapies. Our current CDx identifies breast and ovarian cancer patients whose tumors have cancer drivers potentially responsive
to treatment with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HER2), mesenchymal-epithelial transition factor (c-MET), or phosphatidylinositol
3-kinases (PI3K) targeted therapeutics. 

Our
CELsignia platform provides an important advantage over traditional molecular diagnostics. Current molecular diagnostics analyze fragmented
cells to obtain a snapshot of the genetic mutations present in a patient s tumor. Using cell fragments prevents molecular diagnostics
from analyzing the dynamic cellular activities, known as cell signaling, that regulate cell proliferation or survival. Cancer can develop
when critical cell signaling, regulating physiologic activity such as cell proliferation, becomes abnormal or dysregulated. Since genetic
mutations are often only weakly correlated to the dysregulated cell signaling activity driving a patient s cancer, a molecular
diagnostic is prone to providing an incomplete diagnosis. CELsignia tests overcome this limitation by measuring dynamic cell signaling
activity in a cancer patient s living tumor cells. When a CELsignia test detects abnormal signaling activity, a more accurate diagnosis
of the patient s cancer driver is obtained. 

We
are supporting the advancement of new potential indications for four different targeted therapies, controlled by other pharmaceutical
companies, that would rely on a CELsignia CDx to select patients. Our first analytically validated and commercially ready test using
our CELsignia platform, the CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test for breast cancer, diagnoses two new sub-types of HER2-negative breast
cancer that traditional molecular diagnostics cannot detect. Our internal studies show that approximately 15-20 of HER2-negative breast
cancer patients have abnormal HER2 signaling activity similar to levels found in HER2-positive breast cancer cells. As a result, these
HER2-negative patients have undiagnosed HER2-driven breast cancer and would be likely to respond to the same anti-HER2 targeted therapies
only HER2-positive patients receive today. We have three interventional clinical trials underway to evaluate the efficacy of HER2 targeted
therapies in breast cancer patients selected with our CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test. 

Our
second CELsignia test for breast cancer evaluates independent c-Met signaling activity and its involvement with HER family signaling
in HER2-negative breast cancer tumor cells. Our internal studies show that approximately 20 -25 of HER2-negative breast cancer patients
have abnormal c-Met signaling activity that is co-activated with abnormal HER family signaling. These studies suggest that this sub-group
of HER2-negative breast cancer patients may best respond to treatment with a combination of HER family and c-Met inhibitors. We have
one interventional clinical trial underway to evaluate the efficacy of HER2 and c-Met targeted therapies, in previously treated metastatic
HER2-negative breast cancer patients selected with our CELsignia Multi-Pathway Activity Test, or CELsignia MP Test. 

15 

Our
third CELsignia test for breast cancer evaluates PI3K signaling in HER2-negative breast cancer tumor cells. Our internal studies demonstrate
how measurement of PI3K-involved signaling may provide a more sensitive and specific method of identifying patients most likely to benefit
from PI3K inhibitors than current genetic tests that measure PI3K mutations. We intend to combine these three tests to expand the CELsignia
MP Test. With this next generation CELsignia test, we plan to provide an analysis of EGFR/HER1, HER2, HER3, c-MET, and PI3K-node involved
signaling activity for each patient tumor specimen received. 

In
addition, we completed development of our first CELsignia test for ovarian cancer in 2020. This test identifies a new sub-group of ovarian
cancer patients with tumors that have abnormal c-Met and HER2 signaling activity. These findings suggest that a significant sub-group
of ovarian cancer patients may respond to treatment with a combination of ErbB and c-Met inhibitors. Nearly 14,000 women a year die from
ovarian cancer, a disease that has less than a 50 five-year survival rate and a limited range of targeted therapy options. There is
thus a significant unmet need for additional therapeutic options for ovarian cancer patients. As a companion diagnostic, our CELsignia
test for ovarian cancer will be intended to help pharmaceutical companies obtain new drug indications and expand treatment options for
this challenging tumor type. 

Our
overall commercialization strategy is to develop diagnostics that expand the patient population eligible for targeted therapies. In furtherance
of this strategy, we have been and will continue to seek collaborations with pharmaceutical companies to field clinical trials to advance
the clinical development of their targeted therapies with the eventual goal of obtaining FDA approval of a new drug indication. 

CELsignia
Clinical Trials 

We
are currently collaborating on four Phase 2 clinical trials to evaluate the efficacy of our collaboration partners targeted
therapies in patients selected with one of our CELsignia tests. The goal of these trials is to support the development of four
potential new drug indications to treat patient groups found responsive by our CELsignia test to their approved targeted therapies.
These clinical trials include: 

FACT-1
 Clinical Trial to Evaluate Efficacy of Genentech s HER2 Targeted Therapies. We are collaborating with NSABP Foundation, Inc.
 NSABP and Genentech, Inc. Genentech to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Genentech s drugs,
 Herceptin (trastuzumab) and Perjeta (pertuzumab), and chemotherapy in breast cancer patients selected with our CELsignia test. The
 goal is to demonstrate that patients who have an abnormal HER2 signaling pathway, as identified by our CELsignia test, respond to
 treatment with a matching targeted therapy. 

FACT-2
 Clinical Trial to Evaluate Efficacy of Puma s HER2 Targeted Therapy. We are collaborating with Puma Biotechnology, Inc. Puma and West Cancer Center to conduct a Phase 2 single-arm interventional trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Puma s
 drug, Nerlynx (neratinib), and chemotherapy in breast cancer patients selected with our CELsignia test. The goal of the trial is
 to demonstrate that triple-negative breast cancer patients who have a hyperactive HER2 signaling tumor, as identified by the CELsignia
 test, respond to treatment with Nerlynx, a matching HER2 therapy. 

FACT-5
 Clinical Trial to Evaluate Efficacy of Puma s pan-HER Inhibitor and chemotherapy. We are collaborating with University of Rochester
 Wilmot Cancer Center and Puma to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Puma s drug, Nerlynx (neratinib), and the chemotherapy
 capecitabine, in previously treated metastatic HER2-negative breast cancer patients with brain metastases selected with our CELsignia
 HER2 Pathway Activity Test. The goal of the trial is to demonstrate that previously treated HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer
 patients with brain metastases who have hyperactive HER2 signaling tumors, as identified by the CELsignia test, respond to treatment
 with Nerlynx in combination with capecitabine. 

FACT-6
 Clinical Trial to Evaluate Efficacy of Novartis s c-Met Inhibitor and Puma s pan-HER Inhibitor. We are collaborating
 with MD Anderson Cancer Center, Novartis AG, and Puma, to conduct a Phase 1/2 clinical trial. This open-label Phase 1/2 trial will
 evaluate the efficacy and safety of Novartis c-Met inhibitor, Tabrecta (capmatinib), and Puma s pan-HER inhibitor, Nerlynx
 (neratinib), in previously treated metastatic HER2-negative breast cancer patients selected with our CELsignia MP Test. The goal
 of the trial is to demonstrate that previously treated HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer patients who have hyperactive HER2
 and c-Met signaling tumors, as identified by the CELsignia test, respond to treatment with Tabrecta in combination with Nerlynx. 

16 

Companion
Diagnostics Industry 

According
to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, cancer was the second-leading cause of death in the United States in 2020, responsible
for nearly one of every four deaths. There are many types of cancer treatment options, including surgery, radiation therapy, chemotherapy,
immunotherapy, hormone therapy, stem cell transplant, and targeted therapy. Targeted therapies are drugs or other substances that block
the growth and spread of cancer by interfering with specific molecular targets involved in the progression of cancer. Targeted therapies
differ from standard chemotherapy drugs in that they are often cytostatic (block tumor cell proliferation) rather than cytotoxic (kill
tumor cells). According to the National Cancer Institute, there are currently more than 90 approved targeted oncology therapies, some
of which cost more than 100,000 per treatment course. 

Diagnostic
tests to detect single biomarkers are now widely used by pathologists to determine the molecular sub-type of a cancer. When a molecular
biomarker test is used to support the choice of therapy to prescribe, it is often referred to as a companion diagnostic. 
Increasing numbers of targeted therapeutics are prescribed based on the results from a companion diagnostic test to detect the presence
of a molecular biomarker. Only patients testing positive for the biomarker are eligible to receive the associated therapy. 

Companion
diagnostics are becoming increasingly important to the pharmaceutical industry. The use of companion diagnostics to better match patients
to effective treatments positively impacts clinical outcomes and lowers expenditures on drugs that do not benefit patients. Stratifying
the eligible patient population to include only likely responders is particularly important when the percentage of likely responders
is only a fraction of the total cancer population. In these circumstances, narrowing the eligible patient population is often necessary
to meet the clinical endpoint targets required to receive FDA drug approval. 

CELsignia
Testing Opportunities 

We
expect to generate recurring companion diagnostic testing revenues once a CELsignia companion diagnostic-linked drug therapy is approved
for patient use. On average, we believe that the lifetime value of providing the companion diagnostic test will significantly exceed
the revenue generated from the companion diagnostic development program. We expect to offer each CELsignia test to patients at prices
ranging from 4,000 7,000, depending on the number of pathways evaluated. No tests directly comparable to the CELsignia tests
are available today to offer reference points for pricing purposes. Pricing for several proprietary complex genomic tests, however, fall
within this range and we believe this provides guidance on the amount insurance companies are willing to pay for highly informative tests
that guide patient care. 

Our
CELsignia Platform 

We
have made significant investments in research and development of our CELsignia platform. To measure dynamic cellular activity, we internally
developed two distinct but complementary technologies, which now comprise our CELsignia platform: 

our
 proprietary cell microenvironment; and 

our
 method to quantify dynamic patient cell signaling dysfunction. 

We
utilize our CELsignia platform to create CELsignia tests that measure specific signaling pathway activity in various tumor types. 

Cell
microenvironment . Previous research has shown that cancer cells extracted from a patient s tumor share the molecular features
of the primary cancers from which they were derived and could provide an ex vivo (outside the patient) model of a patient s
tumor. The technology around tumor cell extraction from individual patients and culturing techniques, however, has largely remained undeveloped.
For instance, we are not aware of any competing diagnostic tests that use live patient tumor cells to measure dynamic cell signaling
activity. Studies on the topic have historically highlighted the challenges of deriving a viable patient tumor cell sample from an individual
patient tumor specimen. 

We
have developed a cell microenvironment to extract and expand viable tumor cells from fresh human tumor tissue, which meets the three
critical clinical parameters a patient-derived tumor cell sample would need to satisfy in order to meet the regulatory and clinical requirements
for a diagnostic test measuring signaling activity: 

The
 patient cell sample tested must reflect the starting tumor s composition. If samples do not reflect the original tumor s
 composition, test results derived from that sample may not be representative of the patient s tumor. 

The
 sample must be available for testing in less than 21 days. Clinicians generally require test results in cases of complex diseases
 such as cancer within two to three weeks so they can begin treatment of their patient as soon as the initial symptoms are evaluated
 or a preliminary diagnosis is made. 

At
 least 90 of the tumor specimens obtained from a patient must yield testable samples. Clinicians will only order tests that require
 a patient specimen when they are highly likely to receive a test result. 

17 

Dynamic
patient cell signaling quantification . The second component of our CELsignia platform involves methods to quantify specific dynamic
signal transduction events in patient derived tumor cells. The complexity of signal transduction processes is immense, and the permutations
of the pathway variables are practically unquantifiable. Current analytical methods to assess these variables use cell fragments. Point-in-time
measurements are limited to assessment of the compositional status (e.g., mutation), concentration level (e.g., protein amount), or activation
status (e.g., phosphorylation) of a finite number of signaling pathway components. A key insight underlying our technology was our observation
that, no matter how sophisticated or detailed, a point-in-time molecular profile would only provide a snapshot. These methods could not
provide a complete, dynamic assessment of the signaling activity driving a patient s cancer. These point-in-time molecular analyses
would, in many cases, only provide a weak correlation to the presence of the signaling pathway dysfunction driving a patient s
cancer. Instead, we concluded that a complete diagnosis of cancer and an assessment of a patient s response to treating their disease
requires measurement of the underlying activity of signaling pathways in live patient tumor cells. 

To
measure live real-time dynamic cell signaling activity, we utilize an impedance biosensor instrument. An impedance biosensor is an analytical
platform that converts changes in cellular activity to a measurable electrical signal. When cells are stimulated and change their function,
the accompanying changes alter the electrical signal that is measured. The output value is quantified over time and used to determine
a Signaling Function Score. To determine the activity of a specific signaling pathway, an activating agent specific to a pathway receptor
is used to turn on the pathway and a corresponding inhibitory agent specific to the pathway receptor is used to turn signaling off. When
signaling pathways are stimulated in this manner, a change in the electrical signal occurs and Signaling Function Score recorded. By
relying on the principle of detecting signaling pathway activity, we believe we can develop tests for a range of disease types and targeted
therapies that affect various cellular pathways. 

CELsignia
Multi-Pathway Activity Test 

Our
CELsignia MP Test is a qualitative laboratory developed test or LDT that measures HER2, c-Met, and PI3K signaling activity in breast
and ovarian tumor cells obtained from patients previously diagnosed with cancer to determine whether or not the patients have one of
the following cancer sub-types: 

1. 
 Abnormal
 HER2 signaling driven cancer. 

2. 
 Abnormal
 c-Met and HER2 signaling driven cancer. 

3. 
 Abnormal
 PI3K-involved signaling driven cancer. 

CELsignia s
Commercialization Strategy 

Our
commercial activities will target three complementary groups at various phases of the development of our CELsignia tests. 

Pharmaceutical
 companies. For each CELsignia test we develop to diagnose a new cancer sub-type, we intend to identify the matching targeted
 therapies, either currently approved or in the investigational phase, and the manufacturer of those therapies. We intend to initiate
 discussions and seek to reach development agreements with each of these pharmaceutical companies when we have verified the prevalence
 of the cancer sub-type and completed successful animal studies. 

Medical
 and surgical oncologists. We plan to initially target key opinion leaders (KOLs) in each cancer type once we have completed the
 analytical validation of a CELsignia test. This will allow us to build awareness and credibility for the CELsignia test as we are
 generating clinical validation data. When a new drug indication is received that requires use of a CELsignia companion diagnostic
 to identify eligible patients, we will coordinate the pharmaceutical company s go-to-market activities with our own. This coordination
 will allow us to significantly leverage the pharmaceutical company s sales, marketing, and reimbursement activities, unlike
 traditional molecular diagnostic companies. 

Payors.
 When a new drug indication is received that requires use of a CELsignia companion diagnostic to identify eligible patients, we
 expect to coordinate the pharmaceutical company s reimbursement activities with our own. 

18 

Our
CELsignia tests are laboratory developed tests, or LDTs, and subject to regulation under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments,
or CLIA. We completed the analytical validation of our first CELsignia test and received CLIA certification in 2016. Our current focus
is to field clinical trials with leading cancer centers in collaboration with pharmaceutical companies to demonstrate that cancer patients
diagnosed with an abnormal signaling pathway by a CELsignia test respond efficaciously to treatment with a matching targeted therapy.
Once favorable efficacy data is available, we expect to generate revenues from CELsignia tests performed in conjunction with the clinical
trials a pharmaceutical company will field during the registrational phase of our partners drug approval process. We also expect
that the agreements we enter into with the pharmaceutical companies partnering with us on these registrational trials will include milestone
payments at initiation and completion of trials and perhaps at various other negotiated points during the trials. We expect to generate
revenue from the sale of CELsignia tests ordered by physicians upon the approval of our pharmaceutical company s matching drug,
as a companion diagnostic. A key requirement for success of these partnerships will be clinical trial results that demonstrate the advantages
of using a CELsignia test as a companion diagnostic. 

A
CELsignia test would be launched upon the approval of a pharmaceutical company s matching drug as a companion diagnostic. We would
expect physicians, typically a medical or surgical oncologist, to order our tests in conjunction with the roll-out of the pharmaceutical
company s matching drug. The physician will prescribe a CELsignia test and coordinate provision of a patient specimen from a biopsy
or surgical procedure. The fresh tissue would then be shipped overnight directly to our laboratory where we would use our proprietary
methods to extract diseased cell samples from the patient s tissue and perform the CELsignia tests ordered. Test results would
typically be available in 10 to 14 days after receipt of the patient specimen. For each patient sample analyzed, a Signaling Function
Score would be calculated quantitatively and converted into a final qualitative result: abnormal or normal. For patients found to have
an abnormal signaling pathway, clinicians would use the results of the CELsignia test as a guide to select a targeted drug that inhibits
the abnormal signaling activity identified. 

Pricing
and Reimbursement 

The
principal groups that we expect to pay us in the future for our CELsignia tests include: 

commercial
 third-party payors; 

government
 payors, including Medicare and state Medicaid plans; 

biopharmaceutical
 customers; 

hospitals,
 cancer centers, and other institutions; and 

patients. 

Adequate
reimbursement will be an important factor in achieving broad clinical adoption of our CELsignia tests. At the same time, we believe
broad clinical adoption will help drive favorable reimbursement decisions. To achieve broad reimbursement coverage with commercial
third-party payors and government payors, including Medicare and Medicaid, we plan to demonstrate the economic and clinical value of
our CELsignia tests to payors by employing a multi-pronged strategy: 

Set
 a high bar for analytical validation. We expect to present data on the characterization of new cancer sub-types by CELsignia
 tests at conferences and will seek to publish the results in peer-reviewed journals. 

Meet
 the evidence standards necessary to be consistent with leading clinical guidelines. We believe inclusion in leading clinical
 practice guidelines plays a critical role in payers coverage decisions. We plan to conduct clinical validation and clinical
 utility studies that are consistent with the requirements of the widely recognized National Comprehensive Cancer Network clinical
 practice guidelines. 

Execute
 an internal managed care policy and claims adjudication function as part of our core business operations. We plan to make obtaining
 adequate and widespread reimbursement a critical component of our business operations. We expect to hire a team of in-house claims
 processing and reimbursement specialists who will work with patients and payors to navigate the claims process and obtain maximum
 reimbursement. 

19 

Cultivate
 a network of KOLs. KOLs are able to influence clinical practice by publishing research and determining whether new tests should
 be integrated into practice guidelines. We expect to collaborate with KOLs early in the development process to ensure our clinical
 studies are designed and executed in a way that clearly demonstrates the benefits of our tests to physicians and payers. 

Compile
 a growing library of peer-reviewed studies that demonstrate the test is effective. We will seek to publish peer-reviewed articles
 and review papers to help support our efforts to obtain widespread adoption and reimbursement of our CELsignia tests. In each disease
 area we pursue, we intend to conduct studies in order to develop similar supporting literature. 

Reduce
 expenditures. We intend to build economic models to measure the financial benefits of using our CELsignia test in guiding patient
 treatment and minimizing the use of drugs that will not likely have a positive impact. We plan to use the data we gather through
 the use of these models as we meet with commercial third-party payors and government payors. 

Exploit
 efforts by commercial third-party and government payors to contain healthcare costs. A major cost reduction opportunity is to
 reduce expenditures for drug courses that provide no patient benefit. Our technology will enable physicians to prescribe therapies
 that have significantly higher response rates than has been the case with targeted therapies to date. Since this will lower the drug
 cost per responsive patient, we believe widespread use of our CELsignia tests is consistent with payors goals of delivering health
 care more cost effectively. 

CELsignia s
Competition 

At
present, we are not aware of any other companies that offer diagnostic tests that use a patient s live tumor cells to identify
the signaling pathway driving a patient s cancer. There are several companies focused on developing genomic or proteomic analyses
of a patient s diseased cells. Initial efforts identified protein targets or genetic mutations, oftentimes referred to as biomarkers, 
that are associated with a disease process to enable development of drugs more closely tailored to specific patient populations. 

As
tools for human genome analysis have become less expensive, a number of companies have also recently launched more complex genomic test
panels and gene expression signatures tests. These tests rely on a static measurement of molecular properties and mathematical analysis
to identify statistically significant correlations between the selected molecular properties and a clinical condition or outcome of populations
of patients with the same disease. 

These
genetic tests often have limited predictive success because they only identify some, but not all, of, the molecular and cellular conditions
required for a drug therapy to function in a patient. They may identify the presence of the genes associated with a disease, but they
cannot determine how the gene products function in the context of a particular individual. 

Providers
of genomic or proteomic tests include diagnostic kit manufacturers, hospitals, and independent laboratories. We do not plan to develop
tests where a molecular biomarker can identify drug responsive patients, so our current tests will not compete directly against the tests
provided by these other companies. 

Diagnostics
competitors that have molecular method-based tests include, but are not limited to, Foundation Medicine, Caris Life Sciences, NeoGenomics,
LabCorp, Quest, Nanostring, Paradigm, Biocept, Exosome Diagnostics, Guardant Health, Roche Diagnostics, Qiagen, Myriad, and Genomic Health. 

Principal
Suppliers for CELsignia 

We
purchase commercially available reagents and instruments from a variety of suppliers. Our principal reagent suppliers include Bio-Techne
Corporation, Selleck Chemicals, Sigma-Aldrich, and VWR International. Our principal instrument suppliers include Agilent Technologies,
Integra Biosciences, Invitrogen, and Thermo Fisher Scientific. These items are purchased on a purchase order basis pursuant to the applicable
supplier s standard terms and conditions. The items purchased from these suppliers are standard products sold widely to the biotechnology
industry. All items purchased are typically available within several days after an order is placed. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, manufacturing and process
discoveries and other know-how, to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, and to prevent others from infringing
our proprietary rights. We plan to protect our proprietary positions using a variety of methods, which include protecting current U.S.
and foreign patents related to proprietary technology, inventions and improvements and prosecuting additional U.S. and foreign patents
that we determine are important to the development and implementation of our business. For example, we, our licensors, or our collaborators
currently have, or are pursuing, patents covering the composition of matter for our drug product candidates and we plan to generally
pursue patent protection covering methods-of-use for one or more clinical programs. We also rely on trade secrets, trademarks, know-how,
continuing technological innovation and potential in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. 

20 

Gedatolisib
Patents 

We
entered into the Gedatolisib License Agreement with Pfizer in April 2021, pursuant to which we acquired exclusive worldwide rights under
Pfizer patents and know-how to develop, manufacture and commercialize gedatolisib. We have exclusive licenses under the Gedatolisib License
Agreement to patent rights in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions relating to gedatolisib. The patent rights in-licensed under
the Gedatolisib License Agreement include 11 granted patents in the U.S. and more than 290 patents granted in foreign jurisdictions including
Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Spain, United Kingdom and Japan. A U.S. patent covering gedatolisib as a composition of matter
has a statutory expiration date in December 2029 and a U.S. composition of matter patent that covers the lactic acid form of gedatolisib
that is currently in clinical development expires in December 2035, in each case, not including patent term adjustment or any patent
term extension, and relevant foreign counterparts. 

CELsignia
Patents 

With
respect to CELsignia, we have six issued U.S. patents and 30 issued international patents covering our diagnostic approach using cell
signaling analysis in living patient cells to guide treatment of patients with targeted therapies and cell sample preparation methods.
The earliest expiration date of patents is 2033. In addition, we have developed significant proprietary know-how and trade secrets for
the various cell sample preparation and cellular analysis methods we have developed. 

Trade
Secrets 

In
addition to patents, we rely on trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. We typically rely on trade
secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. We
protect trade secrets and know-how by establishing confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees,
consultants, scientific advisors, contractors and partners. These agreements generally provide that all confidential information developed
or made known during the course of an individual or entity s relationship with us must be kept confidential during and after the
relationship. These agreements also generally provide that all inventions resulting from work performed for us or relating to our business
and conceived or completed during the period of employment or assignment, as applicable, shall be our exclusive property. In addition,
we take other appropriate precautions, such as physical and technological security measures, to guard against misappropriation of our
proprietary information by third parties. 

Government
Regulation 

Approval
of Gedatolisib and Other Drug Products in the United States 

Government
authorities in the U.S. at the federal, state and local level and in other countries and jurisdictions, including the EU, extensively
regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage,
record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of drug
products, such as gedatolisib. Generally, before a new drug can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and
efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific for each regulatory authority and submitted for review and approved by the
regulatory authority. 

Overview
of FDA Approval Process 

In
the U.S., pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or the FDC
Act, and other federal and state statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture,
storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling,
and import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety
of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending New Drug Applications, or NDAs, warning or untitled letters,
product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and
criminal prosecution. 

Pharmaceutical
product development for a new product or certain changes to an approved product in the U.S. typically involves preclinical laboratory
and animal tests, the submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug applicable, or IND, which must become effective before clinical
testing may commence, and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the drug for each
indication for which FDA approval is sought. Satisfaction of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes many years and the
actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. 

21 

Preclinical
tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics
and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements,
including good laboratory practices. The results of preclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information,
including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long term preclinical
tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. A 30-day waiting period
after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA has neither commented
on nor questioned the IND within this 30-day period, the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. 

The
clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients
under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by, or under control of, the trial sponsor, in accordance
with Good Clinical Practices, or GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their
participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the
clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and
assess efficacy. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of an investigational
new drug applicable, or IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an Institutional Review Board, or IRB,
for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical
trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must
be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. There
also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. Information
about most clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes for publication on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website. Information
related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, trial sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial
is made public as part of the registration of the clinical trial. Sponsors are also obligated to discuss the results of their clinical
trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in some cases for up to two years after the date of
completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development
programs. Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined: 

Phase
 1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients who are initially exposed to
 a single dose and then multiple doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of these clinical trials is to assess the metabolism,
 pharmacologic action, side effect tolerability and safety of the drug. 

Phase
 2 clinical trials involve studies in disease-affected patients to determine the dose required to produce the desired benefits. At
 the same time, safety and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected, possible adverse effects and safety
 risks are identified, and a preliminary evaluation of efficacy is conducted. 

Phase
 3 clinical trials generally involve a larger number of patients at multiple sites and are designed to provide the data necessary
 to demonstrate the effectiveness of the product for its intended use, its safety in use and to establish the overall benefit/risk
 relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product approval. These trials may include comparisons with placebo
 and/or other comparator treatments. The duration of treatment is often extended to mimic the actual use of a product during marketing. 

A
registrational trial is a clinical trial that adequately meets regulatory agency requirements for the evaluation of a drug candidate s
efficacy and safety such that it can be used to justify the approval of the drug. Generally, registrational trials are Phase 3 trials
but may be Phase 2 trials if the trial design provides a reliable assessment of clinical benefit, particularly in situations where there
is an unmet medical need. 

Post-approval
trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to
gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow
up. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of a Biologics License
Application, or BLA. 

Progress
reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse
events occur. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time, or the FDA may impose other sanctions on
various grounds, including a finding that the research patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can
suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with
the requirements of the IRB or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. There are also requirements
related to registration and reporting of certain clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. 

22 

After
completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the NDA is required before
marketing of the product may begin in the U.S. The NDA must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing and a
compilation of data relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and controls. The cost of preparing and submitting
an NDA is substantial. The submission of most NDAs is additionally subject to a substantial application user fee, currently 3,242,026
for Fiscal Year 2023, and the manufacturer and/or sponsor under an approved NDA are also subject to annual program fees for eligible
products, which are currently 393,933 for Fiscal Year 2023. 

The
FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s
threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the
FDA begins an in-depth review. The FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the review of new drug applications. Most such applications
for standard review drug products are reviewed within ten to twelve months; most applications for priority review drugs are reviewed
in six to eight months. Priority review can be applied to drugs that the FDA determines offer major advances in treatment or provide
a treatment where no adequate therapy exists. The review process for both standard and priority review may be extended by FDA for three
additional months to consider certain late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify information already provided in
the submission. 

The
FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products, or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to
an advisory committee typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts for review, evaluation and a recommendation
as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally
follows such recommendations. Before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance
with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve
the product unless compliance with cGMP is satisfactory and the NDA contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is
safe and effective in the indication studied. 

After
the FDA evaluates the NDA and the manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete
response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing, or information,
in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction
in a resubmission of the NDA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two to
six months depending on the type of information included. 

An
approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition
of NDA approval, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to help ensure that the benefits of the drug
outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals and elements to assure
safe use, or ETASU. ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing
only under certain circumstances, special monitoring and the use of patient registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect
the potential market and profitability of the drug. Moreover, product approval may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance
to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards
is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. 

Changes
to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes
or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement before the change can be implemented. An NDA supplement
for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures
and actions in reviewing NDA supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs. 

U.S.
Exclusivity 

Upon
NDA approval of a new chemical entity, or NCE, which is a drug that contains no active moiety that has been approved by the FDA in any
other NDA, that drug receives five years of marketing exclusivity during which the FDA cannot receive any Abbreviated New Drug Application,
or ANDA, seeking approval of a generic version of that drug. Certain changes to a drug, such as the addition of a new indication to the
package insert, are associated with a three-year period of exclusivity during which the FDA cannot approve an ANDA for a generic drug
that includes the change. An ANDA may be submitted one year before NCE exclusivity expires if a Paragraph IV certification is filed.
If there is no listed patent in the Orange Book, there may not be a Paragraph IV certification, and, thus, no ANDA may be filed before
the expiration of the exclusivity period. 

23 

Patent
Term Extension 

After
NDA approval, owners of relevant drug patents may apply for up to a five-year patent extension for one patent. The allowable patent term
extension is calculated as half of the drug s testing phase the time between IND and NDA submission and all of the
review phase the time between NDA submission and approval up to a maximum of five years. The time can be shortened if the FDA determines
that the applicant did not pursue approval with due diligence. The total patent term after the extension may not exceed 14 years from
approval. 

For
patents that might expire during the application phase, the patent owner may request an interim patent extension. An interim patent extension
increases the patent term by one year and may be renewed up to four times. For each interim patent extension granted, the post-approval
patent extension is reduced by one year. The director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office must determine that approval of the drug
covered by the patent for which a patent extension is being sought is likely. Interim patent extensions are not available for a drug
for which an NDA has not been submitted. 

Fast
Track Designation and Accelerated Approval 

The
FDA is required to facilitate the development, and expedite the review, of drugs that are intended for the treatment of a serious or
life-threatening disease or condition for which there is no effective treatment, and which demonstrate the potential to address unmet
medical needs for the condition. Under the Fast Track program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request that the FDA designate
the drug candidate for a specific indication as a Fast Track drug concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the drug candidate.
The FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for Fast Track Designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. 

Under
the Fast Track program and the FDA s accelerated approval regulations, the FDA may approve a drug for a serious or life-threatening
illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably
likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality,
that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account
the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. 

In
clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for
a direct measurement of how a patient feels, functions or survives. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly
than clinical endpoints. A drug candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including
the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure to conduct required
post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, will allow the FDA to withdraw the drug from the
market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for product candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to
prior review by the FDA. 

In
addition to other benefits such as the ability to use surrogate endpoints and engage in more frequent interactions with the FDA, the
FDA may initiate review of sections of a Fast Track drug s NDA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available
if the applicant provides, and the FDA approves, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable
user fees. However, the FDA s time period goal for reviewing an application does not begin until the last section of the NDA is
submitted. Additionally, the Fast Track Designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that the designation is no longer
supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. 

Breakthrough
Therapy Designation 

Breakthrough
Therapy Designation by the FDA provides more extensive development consultation opportunities with FDA senior staff, allows for the rolling
review of the drug s application for approval and indicates that the product could be eligible for priority review if supported
by clinical data at the time of application submission for drugs that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or
condition where preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies
on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Under the breakthrough therapy program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request
that the FDA designate the drug candidate for a specific indication as a breakthrough therapy concurrent with, or after, the filing of
the IND for the drug candidate. The FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for Breakthrough Therapy Designation within 60
days of receipt of the sponsor s request. 

24 

Disclosure
of Clinical Trial Information 

Sponsors
of clinical trials of FDA regulated products, including drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information.
Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, trial sites and investigators and other aspects of the
clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to discuss the results of their clinical
trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to two years after
the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress
of development programs. 

Approval
of Gedatolisib and Other Drug Products in the European Union 

Overview 

In
the EU, our product candidates also may be subject to extensive regulatory requirements. As in the U.S., medicinal products can be marketed
only if a marketing authorization from the competent regulatory agencies has been obtained. Similar to the U.S., the various phases of
preclinical and clinical research in the EU are subject to significant regulatory controls. 

The
Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC, the Directive 2005/28/EC on GCP, and the related national implementing provisions of the
individual EU Member States govern the system for the approval of clinical trials in the EU. Under this system, an applicant must
obtain prior approval from the competent national authority of the EU Member States in which the clinical trial is to be conducted.
Furthermore, the applicant may only start a clinical trial at a specific trial site after the competent ethics committee has issued
a favorable opinion. The clinical trial application must be accompanied by, among other documents, an Investigational Medicinal
Product Dossier or IMPD, or the Common Technical Document, with supporting information prescribed by Directive 2001/20/EC, Directive
2005/28/EC, where relevant the implementing national provisions of the individual EU Member States and further detailed in
applicable guidance documents. All suspected unexpected serious adverse reactions to the investigated drug that occur during the
clinical trial have to be reported to the competent national authority and the Ethics Committee of the Member State where they
occurred. 

The
new Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 came into effect in 2022. The Clinical Trials Regulation will be directly applicable
in all the EU Member States, repealing the current Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC. The new Clinical Trials Regulation aims to simplify
and streamline the approval of clinical trials in the EU. The main characteristics of the regulation include: a streamlined application
procedure via a single-entry point, the EU portal a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application
as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors; and a harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications
for clinical trials, which is divided in two parts. Part I is assessed by the competent authorities of all EU Member States in which
an application for authorization of a clinical trial has been submitted (Member States concerned). Part II is assessed separately by
each Member State concerned. Strict deadlines have been established for the assessment of clinical trial applications. The role of the
relevant ethics committees in the assessment procedure will continue to be governed by the national law of the concerned EU Member State.
However, overall related timelines will be defined by the Clinical Trials Regulation. 

To
obtain a marketing authorization of a drug in the EU, we may submit Marketing Authorization Applications, or MAA, either under the so-called
centralized or national authorization procedures. 

Centralized
Procedure 

The
centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization following a favorable opinion by the European Medicines
Agency, or EMA, that is valid in all EU Member States, as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. The centralized procedure is compulsory
for medicines produced by specified biotechnological processes, products designated as orphan medicinal products, advanced therapy medicines
(such as gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines) and products with a new active substance indicated for the
treatment of specified diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative disorders or autoimmune diseases and other immune
dysfunctions and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for products that represent a significant therapeutic, scientific
or technical innovation, or whose authorization would be in the interest of public health. Under the centralized procedure the maximum
timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA by the EMA is 210 days, excluding clock stops, when additional written or oral information is
to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the Committee of Medicinal Products for Human Use, or the CHMP. Accelerated
assessment might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is expected to be of a major public health interest,
particularly from the point of view of therapeutic innovation. The timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA under the accelerated assessment
procedure is of 150 days, excluding stop-clocks. 

25 

National
Authorization Procedures 

There
are also two other possible routes to authorize medicinal products in several EU countries, which are available for investigational medicinal
products that fall outside the scope of the centralized procedure: 

Decentralized
 procedure. Using the decentralized procedure, an applicant may apply for simultaneous authorization in more than one EU country of
 medicinal products that have not yet been authorized in any EU country and that do not fall within the mandatory scope of the centralized
 procedure. 

Mutual
 recognition procedure. In the mutual recognition procedure, a medicine is first authorized in one EU Member State, in accordance
 with the national procedures of that country. Following this, further marketing authorizations can be sought from other EU countries
 in a procedure whereby the countries concerned agree to recognize the validity of the original, national marketing authorization. 

Under
the above-described procedures, before granting an MAA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the Member States of the European Economic
Area, or EEA, make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality,
safety and efficacy. 

EU
Regulatory Exclusivity 

In
the EU, new products authorized for marketing (i.e., reference products) qualify for eight years of data exclusivity and an additional
two years of market exclusivity upon marketing authorization. The data exclusivity period prevents generic applicants from relying on
the preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic marketing authorization
in the EU during a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. The market exclusivity
period prevents a successful generic applicant from commercializing its product in the EU until ten years have elapsed from the initial
authorization of the reference product in the EU. The ten-year market exclusivity period can be extended to a maximum of eleven years
if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new
therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical
benefit in comparison with existing therapies. 

Drug
Approval-Related Regulations Rest of the World 

For
other countries outside of the EU and the U.S., such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing
the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Additionally, the
clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with cGCP requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles
that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be
subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating
restrictions and criminal prosecution. 

Regulations
of CELsignia Tests 

CLIA
and CMS for Diagnostic 

The
Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, regulates all
clinical laboratory testing (except research) performed on humans in the United States through CLIA. All clinical laboratories that perform
clinical lab services on human specimens for the purpose of providing information on the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of disease
must receive CLIA certification. This covers approximately 175,000 laboratories as of 2017. Laboratories must obtain CLIA certification
and demonstrate compliance with CLIA requirements as confirmed by an inspection by CMS. We received our CLIA certification in 2016. We
also had our laboratory certified by the College of American Pathologies, or CAP, in 2016, an organization recognized by CMS as a third-party
reviewer of clinical laboratories. Several states, including, among others, New York and California, require licensure of out-of-state
labs that receive specimens from the state and compliance with the state s individual laboratory regulations. 

If
our laboratory is out of compliance with CLIA requirements, we may be subject to sanctions such as suspension, limitation or revocation
of our CLIA certificate, as well as directed plan of correction, state on-site monitoring, civil money penalties, civil injunctive suit
or criminal penalties. We must maintain CLIA compliance and certification to be eligible to bill for services provided to Medicare and
Medicaid beneficiaries. If we were to be found out of compliance with CLIA program requirements and subjected to sanction, our business
could be harmed. Failure to comply with state licensure laws, if applicable, could subject us to additional sanctions imposed by state
licensing authorities. 

26 

FDA
for Diagnostics 

FDA
approval or clearance is not currently required for CELsignia tests offered as a stand-alone LDT test. If we are partnered with a drug
company to launch a CELsignia test as a companion diagnostic for a new drug indication, we would be required to obtain premarket approval,
or PMA, in conjunction with the pharmaceutical company seeking a new drug approval for the matching therapy. Historically, the FDA has
exercised enforcement discretion with respect to tests performed solely in a central laboratory, like the CELsignia tests or LDTs. The
FDA has not required laboratories that furnish only LDTs to comply with the agency s requirements for medical devices (e.g., establishment
registration, device listing, quality systems regulations, premarket clearance or premarket approval, and post-market controls). 

Although
the FDA proposed regulations that would apply to LDTs, the FDA decided that, at present, those regulations are not moving forward towards
approval and implementation. In mid-2014, the FDA published a draft Guidance Document describing a proposed approach for a regulatory
framework for LDTs that would have resulted in most of the high-value LDT tests marketed today eventually being required to obtain 510(k)
clearances or PMAs. If implemented, this regulatory framework would require most hospital clinical labs to abandon a number of tests
they perform or to pursue regulatory clearances or approvals to perform them. These proposals met significant resistance from Congress,
the hospital industry, and independent clinical laboratories. The FDA indicated in late 2016 that it does not intend to finalize the
draft Guidance Document at this time. However, the FDA continues to discuss potential regulatory approaches to LDTs. 

Pricing
and Reimbursement of our Product Candidates 

Significant
uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any products we sell or may sell. Sales of any of our products will
depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of the products will be covered by third-party payors, including government health
programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, commercial health insurers, managed care organizations or pharmaceutical companies. The process
for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a test sometimes is separate from the process for setting the price
of a drug product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that a payor will pay for the drug product. Third-party payors may limit
coverage to specific testing products on an approved list, which might not include all of the tests available for a particular indication. 

In
order to obtain coverage and reimbursement for any product, we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate
the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of the test. Whether or not we conduct such studies, our products may not be considered
medically necessary or cost-effective. A third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a test does not imply that an adequate
reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that
other payors will also provide coverage, and adequate reimbursement, for the product. Third-party reimbursement may not be sufficient
to enable us to maintain price levels high enough to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 

The
containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state and foreign governments, and the prices of tests and drugs have
been a focus in this effort. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services, examining
the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of testing products, drug products and medical services and questioning safety
and efficacy. If these third-party payors do not consider our products to be cost-effective compared to other available tests, they may
not cover our products or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow us to sell our products at a profit. The U.S.
government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs to limit
the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price controls and restrictions on reimbursement. Adoption of such controls
and measures, and tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for our
testing products or drugs that require use of our testing products and could adversely affect our net revenue and results. 

We
expect to see continued focus by Congress and the Biden Administration on regulating pricing, which could result in legislative and regulatory
changes designed to control costs. For example, in August 2022, the IRA was signed into law, which, among other things, requires manufacturers
of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare
Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023), and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program
with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). We continue to evaluate the impact of the IRA on our business, operations and financial
condition and results as the full effect of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain. In addition, changes
to the Medicaid program or the federal 340B drug pricing program, which imposes ceilings on prices that drug manufacturers can charge
for medications sold to certain health care facilities, could have a material impact on our business. 

Pricing
and reimbursement schemes vary widely from country to country. Some countries may require the completion of additional studies that compare
the cost-effectiveness of a particular test to currently available tests. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly
prescription drugs and testing products, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of
new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert competitive pressure that may reduce
pricing within a country. Any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for testing products may not allow favorable
reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. 

Coverage
policies, third-party reimbursement rates and pricing regulation may change at any time. 

27 

Other
Healthcare Laws 

Manufacturing,
sales, promotion and other activities following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in
the U.S. in addition to the FDA, including CMS, the HHS Office of Inspector General and HHS Office for Civil Rights, other divisions
of the HHS and the Department of Justice. 

Healthcare
providers, physicians, and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any products for which
we obtain marketing approval. Our current and future arrangements with third-party payors, healthcare providers and physicians may expose
us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements
and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our drug and diagnostic products. In the U.S., these laws include, without
limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, false claims, physician transparency, and patient data privacy and security laws and regulations,
including but not limited to those described below. 

The
U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, or AKS, prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully offering,
paying, soliciting, receiving or providing any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce or in return for
purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good, facility, item or service reimbursable,
in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been broadly
interpreted to include anything of value. The AKS has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical and medical device
manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, formulary managers and beneficiaries on the other hand. Although there are
a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe
harbors are drawn narrowly. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe
harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the AKS. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case
basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement
to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal healthcare covered business,
the statute has been violated. In addition, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent
to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Moreover, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the
AKS constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. On November 20, 2020, the Office of Inspector
General, or OIG finalized further modifications to the AKS. Under the final rule, OIG added safe harbor protections under the AKS for
certain coordinated care and value-based arrangements among clinicians, providers, and others. The final rule (with some exceptions)
became effective January 19, 2021. We continue to evaluate what effect, if any, this rule will have on our business. 

In
addition, under a federal law directed at self-referral, commonly known as the Stark Law, there are prohibitions,
with certain exceptions, on referrals for certain designated health services, including laboratory services, that are covered by the
Medicare and Medicaid programs by physicians who personally, or through a family member, have an investment or ownership interest in,
or a compensation arrangement with, an entity performing the tests. The prohibition also extends to payment for any testing referred
in violation of the Stark Law. A person who engages in a scheme to circumvent the Stark Law s referral prohibition may be fined
up to 100,000 for each such arrangement or scheme. In addition, any person who presents or causes to be presented a claim to the Medicare
or Medicaid programs in violation of the Stark Law is subject to civil monetary penalties of up to 15,000 per bill submission, an assessment
of up to three times the amount claimed and possible exclusion from participation in federal governmental payor programs. Bills submitted
in violation of the Stark Law may not be paid by Medicare or Medicaid, and any person collecting any amounts with respect to any such
prohibited bill is obligated to refund such amounts. Many states have comparable laws that are not limited to Medicare and Medicaid referrals. 

Furthermore,
we could be held liable under the federal False Claims Act, which imposes civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or qui
tam actions, against individuals or entities (including manufacturers) for, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be
presented to federal programs (including Medicare and Medicaid) claims for items or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for
items or services not provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. This could apply even if we are not
submitting claims directly to payors as would be the case with drug products. The government may deem manufacturers of such products
to have caused the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information
to customers or promoting a product off-label. Several biopharmaceutical, medical device and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted
under federal false claims and civil monetary penalty laws for, among other things, allegedly providing free product to customers with
the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Other companies have been prosecuted for causing false
claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of products for unapproved (e.g., or off-label), and thus non-covered,
uses. In addition, the civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person who is determined to have presented or caused
to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided
as claimed or is false or fraudulent. 

28 

Our
future marketing and activities relating to the reporting of wholesaler or estimated retail prices for our products, if approved, the
reporting of prices used to calculate Medicaid rebate information and other information affecting federal, state and third-party reimbursement
for our products, and the sale and marketing of our product candidates, are subject to scrutiny under these laws. 

The
federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit,
among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false
or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody of, any healthcare
benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program,
willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering
up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for
healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the AKS, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute
or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 

In
addition, there has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians and certain other healthcare
providers. The Affordable Care Act, or the ACA, imposed, among other things, new annual reporting requirements through the Physician
Payments Sunshine Act for covered manufacturers for certain payments and transfers of value provided to physicians (defined
to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment
interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Effective January 1, 2022, these reporting obligations will extend to
include transfers of value made to certain non-physician providers such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners. Failure to submit
timely, accurately and completely the required information for all payments, transfers of value and ownership or investment interests
may result in civil monetary penalties. Covered manufacturers must submit reports by the 90 th day of each subsequent calendar
year and the reported information is publicly made available on a searchable website. 

We
may also be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.
HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their respective implementing
regulations, including the Final HIPAA Omnibus Rule published on January 25, 2013, impose specified requirements relating to the privacy,
security and transmission of individually identifiable health information held by covered entities and their business associates. Among
other things, HITECH made HIPAA s security standards directly applicable to business associates, defined as independent
contractors or agents of covered entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected health information in connection with
providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity, although it is unclear that we would be considered a business associate 
in the normal course of our business. HITECH also increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities,
business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions
in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions.
In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each
other in significant ways and may not have the same requirements, thus complicating compliance efforts. See European Data Collection 
below for a discussion of data privacy and security enactments of the EU. 

For
example, California s Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, went into effect in January 2020, and the California Attorney General has
since promulgated final regulations. The law provides broad rights to California consumers with respect to the collection and use of
their personal information and imposes data protection obligations on certain businesses. While the CCPA does not apply to protected
health information that is subject to HIPAA or personal information collected, used or disclosed in research, as defined by federal law,
the CCPA may still affect our business activities. Moreover, on November 3, 2020, California voters passed the California Privacy Rights
Act, or CPRA, under a ballot initiative. The CPRA amends the existing CCPA to include new consumer rights and additional data protection
obligations. The new data protection requirements under the CPRA apply to information collected on or after January 1, 2022. With the
promulgation of final regulations, the California State Attorney General has commenced enforcement actions against CCPA violators. The
uncertainty surrounding the implementation of CCPA and the amendments under the CPRA exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to
the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and protected health information. The California law further expands the
need for privacy and process enhancements and commitment of resources in support of compliance. Moreover, more than ten states have proposed
bills in the last year with provisions similar to the CCPA and CPRA. It is likely that other states will pass laws similar to the CCPA
and the CPRA in the near future and a federal data protection law may also be on the horizon. 

29 

Similar
state and foreign fraud and abuse laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing
arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services. Such laws are generally broad and are enforced by various state agencies
and private actions. Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that may be broader in scope and may apply
regardless of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs. Some state laws require pharmaceutical
companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant federal government compliance
guidance, and require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other
healthcare providers, marketing expenditures or drug pricing. 

In
order to sell products, we must also comply with state laws, including those that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale
distributors of drug and biological products. These include, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into
the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements
on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require
manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain.
Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs,
file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities,
and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician
prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and
marketing practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 

The
scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform,
especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased
their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions,
convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business
practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare
laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that
may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, contractual
damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, imprisonment, exclusion of drugs from government funded healthcare
programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations
and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with
these laws, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. If any of the physicians
or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they
may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs.
Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations by government
authorities, can be time- and resource consuming and can divert a company s attention from the business. 

European
Data Collection 

The
collection and use of personal health data in or arising from the EU are governed by the provisions of the Data Protection Directive,
and the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR. This directive imposes several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals
to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, notification of data processing obligations to the competent
national data protection authorities and the security and confidentiality of the personal data. The Data Protection Directive and GDPR
also impose strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EU, to the U.S. Failure to comply with the requirements of the Data
Protection Directive, the GDPR and the related national data protection laws of the EU Member States may result in fines and other administrative
penalties. The GDPR introduces new data protection requirements in the EU and substantial fines for breaches of the data protection rules.
The GDPR regulations may impose additional responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process, including in respect
of clinical trials, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with the new data protection rules.
This may be onerous and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

30 

Current
and Future Legislation 

In
the U.S. and other jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare
system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect
our ability to profitably sell any product candidates. We expect that current laws, as well as other healthcare reform measures that
may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward pressure on the price that we, or
any collaborators, may receive. 

The
ACA, for example, revised the methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers for covered outpatient drugs are calculated under the
Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, extended the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to utilization of covered drugs dispensed to individuals enrolled
in Medicaid managed care organizations and subjected manufacturers to new annual fees for certain branded prescription drugs. As the
price of our test may be included in the reimbursement rates for certain drugs, this could significantly impact our pricing. Even if
favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement
rates may be implemented in the future. 

Since
its enactment, there have been numerous judicial, administrative, executive, and legislative challenges to certain aspects of the ACA,
and we expect there will be additional challenges and amendments to the ACA in the future. For example, various portions of the ACA are
currently undergoing legal and constitutional challenges in the U.S. Supreme Court, and the Trump Administration issued various Executive
Orders which eliminated cost sharing subsidies and various provisions that would impose a fiscal burden on states or a cost, fee, tax,
penalty or regulatory burden on individuals, healthcare providers, health insurers, or manufacturers of pharmaceuticals or medical devices.
Additionally, Congress has introduced several pieces of legislation aimed at significantly revising or repealing the ACA. In December
2018, the CMS published a final rule permitting further collections and payments to and from certain ACA qualified health plans and health
insurance issuers under the ACA risk adjustment program in response to the outcome of the federal district court litigation regarding
the method CMS uses to determine this risk adjustment. Since then, the ACA risk adjustment program payment parameters have been updated
annually. It is unclear whether the ACA will be overturned, repealed, replaced, or further amended. We cannot predict what affect further
changes to the ACA would have on our business, especially given the new Biden Administration. 

Additionally,
other federal health reform measures have been proposed and adopted in the U.S. since the ACA was enacted: 

The
 Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on
 Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021,
 was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs.
 These changes included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect
 in April 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, including the BBA, will remain in effect through 2027,
 unless additional Congressional action is taken. However, pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, or CARES
 Act, and subsequent legislation, these Medicare sequester reductions are suspended from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021 due to
 the COVID-19 pandemic. Proposed legislation, if passed, would extend this suspension until the end of the pandemic. 

The
 American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, and increased the statute
 of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 

Further,
there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which companies set prices for their products, which have resulted
in several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to
product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies
for products. In addition, the U.S. government, state legislatures, and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing
cost containment programs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products
for branded prescription drugs to limit the growth of government paid healthcare costs. 

31 

Individual
states in the U.S. have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing,
including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure
and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Congress and
the Biden administration have each indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control
drug costs. Individual states in the U.S. have also been increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control
pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain
product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other
countries and bulk purchasing. 

Other
Regulatory Requirements 

Our
operations use small amounts of hazardous materials in research and development and generate regulated medical waste in the normal course
of performing our CELsignia tests. This subjects us to a variety of federal, state and local environmental and safety laws and regulations.
Some of the regulations under the current regulatory structure provide for strict liability, holding a party potentially liable without
regard to fault or negligence. We could be held liable for damages and fines as a result of our, or others , business operations
should contamination of the environment or individual exposure to hazardous substances occur. We cannot predict how changes in laws or
development of new regulations will affect our business operations or the cost of compliance. 

Impact
of COVID-19 on our Business 

As
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced delays in the enrollment of patients in our ongoing FACT-1 and FACT-2 clinical trials.
While the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly subsided, future outbreaks or variants of the virus may cause additional delays in our
clinical trial work. 

Corporate
History 

We
were organized as a Minnesota limited liability company in 2011 and commenced operations in 2012. On September 15, 2017, we converted
from a Minnesota limited liability company into a Delaware corporation and changed our name from Celcuity LLC to Celcuity Inc. 

Employees
and Labor Relations 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 45 full-time employees, most of which were engaged in research and development activities. None of our employees
are currently represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement and we believe that our relations with our
employees are good. During 2022, our voluntary turnover rate was approximately 14 . 

32 

ITEM
1A. Risk Factors 

Risk
factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations and that could negatively impact our financial condition and
results of operations are discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known
to us or that are currently not believed to be significant to our business may also affect our actual results and could harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. If any of the risks or uncertainties described below or any additional risks and uncertainties
actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

We
have a limited operating history and we may never generate revenue or profit. 

We
are a clinical-stage biotechnology company that commenced activities in January 2012. We only have a limited operating history and our
business plan has not been tested. Since inception, we have had no revenue and have incurred significant operating losses. We have financed
our operations primarily through equity and debt offerings. To generate revenue and become and remain profitable, we need to develop
and commercialize gedatolisib pursuant to our license agreement with Pfizer and successfully complete our existing clinical trial collaborations
and cultivate partnerships with pharmaceutical companies. We must also build operational and financial infrastructure to support commercial
operations, train and manage employees, and market and sell our anticipated drug products and our CELsignia tests (as a companion diagnostic
and/or as a stand-alone test). 

We
may never succeed in any of these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenue that is sufficient to achieve profitability.
We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future, and the net losses we incur may
fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease our value and could impair
our ability to raise capital, maintain or expand our research and development efforts, expand our business, or continue our operations. 

Our
inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms in the future may limit our ability to develop and commercialize our integrated
therapeutic (Rx) and companion diagnostic (CDx) strategy. 

We
may require additional capital to finance capital expenditures and operating expenses over the next several years as we launch our integrated
therapeutic and companion diagnostic strategy and expand our infrastructure, commercial operations and research and development activities.
We may seek to raise additional capital through equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations or licensing arrangements. Additional
funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, dilution to our stockholders
could result. Any equity securities issued may also provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of holders of our existing
securities. The incurrence of additional indebtedness or the issuance of certain equity securities could result in increased fixed payment
obligations and could also include restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or issue additional
equity, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights, and other operating restrictions that could adversely
affect our ability to conduct our business. In the event that we enter into collaborations or licensing arrangements to raise capital,
we may be required to accept unfavorable terms. If we are not able to secure additional funding when needed, we may have to delay, reduce
the scope of or eliminate one or more research and development programs or selling and marketing initiatives. In addition, we may have
to work with a partner on one or more of our products or market development programs, which could lower the economic value of those programs
to our company. 

We
will be dependent on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. 

Our
operations will be materially dependent upon the services of our officers and key employees, including Brian F. Sullivan, our Chief Executive
Officer, and Dr. Lance G. Laing, our Chief Science Officer. Successful implementation of our business plan will also require the services
of other consultants and additional personnel. We cannot assure you that we will be able to attract and retain such persons as employees,
independent contractors, consultants or otherwise. If we are not able to attract individuals with the skills required for our business,
or if we lose the services of either Mr. Sullivan or Dr. Laing, we may be unable to successfully implement our business plan. 

33 

The
COVID-19 pandemic may materially and adversely impact our business, including ongoing clinical trials. 

The
outbreak of COVID-19 and government measures taken in response have had a significant impact on the global economy, with healthcare systems
particularly affected. As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak and related public health measures, we have and may in the future experience
disruptions that could materially and adversely impact our clinical trials, business, financial condition and results of operations.
Potential disruptions include but are not limited to: 

delays
 or difficulties in enrolling patients in clinical trials and obtaining the results of completed clinical trials; 

increased
 rates of patients withdrawing from clinical trials following enrollment as a result of quarantine or concerns about COVID-19; 

diversion
 of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials; 

delays
 in prospective clinical trial collaborations with pharmaceutical companies and sponsors; 

interruption
 or delays in the operations of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, which may impact review and approval timelines; 

limitations
 on our ability to recruit and hire key personnel due to our inability to meet with candidates because of travel restrictions; and 

limitations
 on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of clinical trials and research as a result of focus addressing
 COVID-19 mitigation and loss of productivity from remote work. 

All
of the effects of COVID-19 described herein are expected to apply to any future recurrences of COVID-19 and any other pandemics that
may occur in the future. 

Risks
Related to Our Drug Product, Gedatolisib 

Our
future strategy is dependent on the success of our initial drug product, gedatolisib, as well as other drug products we may develop.
If we are unable to successfully complete clinical development of, obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our drug products,
or if we experience delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 

To
date, we have not yet completed any registrational clinical trials or the development of any drug products. Our future success and ability
to generate revenue from our drug products, which we do not expect will occur for several years, if ever, is dependent on our ability
to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize one or more drug products. We may not have the financial resources
to continue development of, or to modify existing or enter into new collaborations for, a drug product if we experience any issues that
delay or prevent regulatory approval of, or our ability to commercialize, our drug products, including: 

our
 inability to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our drug products are safe
 and effective; 

insufficiency
 of our financial and other resources to complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

negative
 or inconclusive results from our preclinical studies, clinical trials or the clinical trials of others for drug products similar
 to ours, leading to a decision or requirement to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials or abandon a program; 

product-related
 adverse events experienced by subjects in our clinical trials or by individuals using drugs or therapeutic biologics similar to our
 drug products; 

delays
 in submitting applications, or delays or failure in obtaining the necessary approvals from regulators to commence a clinical trial
 or a suspension or termination of a clinical trial once commenced; 

conditions
 imposed by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; 

poor
 effectiveness of our drug products during clinical trials; 

better
 than expected performance of control arms, such as placebo groups, which could lead to negative or inconclusive results from our
 clinical trials; 

delays
 in enrolling subjects in clinical trials; 

high
 drop-out rates of subjects from clinical trials; 

inadequate
 supply or quality of drug products or other materials necessary for the conduct of our clinical trials; 

greater
 than anticipated clinical trial or manufacturing costs; 

unfavorable
 FDA or comparable regulatory authority inspection and review of a clinical trial site; 

failure
 of our third-party contractors or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements or otherwise meet their contractual obligations
 in a timely manner, or at all; 

delays
 and changes in regulatory requirements, policy and guidelines, including the imposition of additional regulatory oversight around
 clinical testing generally or with respect to our therapies in particular; or 

varying
 interpretations of data by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 

34 

We
were not involved in the early development of gedatolisib; therefore, we are dependent on third parties having accurately generated,
collected, interpreted and reported data from certain preclinical and clinical trials of gedatolisib. 

We
had no involvement with or control over the initial preclinical and clinical development of gedatolisib. We are dependent on third parties
having conducted their research and development in accordance with the applicable protocols and legal, regulatory and scientific standards;
having accurately reported the results of all preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted with respect to such drug product; and
having correctly collected and interpreted the data from these trials. If these activities were not compliant, accurate or correct, the
clinical development, regulatory approval or commercialization of our drug product will be adversely affected. 

As
an organization, we have never successfully completed any registrational clinical trials, and we may be unable to do so for any drug
candidates we may develop. 

We
will need to successfully complete registrational clinical trials in order to obtain the approval of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
authorities to market our drug products. Carrying out clinical trials, including later-stage registrational clinical trials, is a complicated
process. As an organization, we have not previously completed any registrational clinical trials. In order to do so, we will need to
build and expand our clinical development and regulatory capabilities, and we may be unable to recruit and train qualified personnel.
We also expect to continue to rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry
out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory
approval of or commercialize any potential product candidates. Consequently, we may be unable to successfully and efficiently execute
and complete necessary clinical trials in a way that leads to submission and approval of our drug products. We may require more time
and incur greater costs than our competitors and may not succeed in obtaining regulatory approval of any drug products that we develop.
Failure to commence or complete, or delays in, our planned clinical trials, could prevent us from or delay us in commercializing our
drug products. 

If
we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in any of our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise
adversely affected. 

The
timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient
number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical
trials for a variety of reasons, including: 

the
 patient eligibility and exclusion criteria defined in the protocol; 

the
 size of the patient population required for analysis of the clinical trial s primary endpoints; 

the
 proximity of patients to clinical trial sites; 

the
 design of the clinical trial; 

our
 ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience, and the ability of these investigators
 to identify and enroll suitable patients; 

perception
 of the safety profile of our drug products; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; and 

the
 risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion. 

Delays
in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of our clinical trials, which could prevent completion
of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates. 

Clinical
development involves a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in
completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

To
obtain the requisite regulatory approvals to commercialize any drug products, we must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies
and clinical trials that such drug product is safe and effective in humans. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to
complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. We may be unable to establish clinical endpoints that applicable regulatory authorities
would consider clinically meaningful, and a clinical trial can fail at any stage of testing. 

35 

Differences
in trial design between early-stage clinical trials and later-stage clinical trials make it difficult to extrapolate the results of earlier
clinical trials to later clinical trials. Moreover, clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and
many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain
marketing approval of their products. Additionally, we are conducting and plan to conduct some open-label trials, where both the patient
and investigator know whether the patient is receiving the investigational product candidate or either an existing approved drug or placebo.
Most typically, open-label clinical trials test only the investigational product candidate and sometimes may do so at different dose
levels. Open-label clinical trials are subject to various limitations that may exaggerate any therapeutic effect as patients in those
trials are aware when they are receiving treatment. Open-label clinical trials may be subject to a patient bias where patients
perceive their symptoms to have improved merely due to their awareness of receiving an experimental treatment. In addition, open-label
clinical trials may be subject to an investigator bias where those assessing and reviewing the outcomes of the clinical
trials are aware of which patients have received treatment and may interpret the information of the treated group more favorably given
this knowledge. Where a randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial is designed to allow enrolled subjects to cross-over to the treatment
arm, there may be a risk of inadvertent unblinding of subjects prior to cross-over, which may limit the clinical meaningfulness of those
data and may require the conduct of additional clinical trials. As such, the results from an open-label trial may not be predictive of
future clinical trial results with any of our product candidates for which we include an open-label clinical trial when studied in a
controlled environment with a placebo or active control. 

Successful
completion of clinical trials is a prerequisite to submitting a new drug application, or NDA, to the FDA and similar marketing applications
to comparable foreign regulatory authorities for each drug product and, consequently, the ultimate approval and commercial marketing
of any drug products. We may experience delays in initiating or completing clinical trials and preparing for regulatory submissions.
We also may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, any future clinical trials that we could conduct that could
delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize our current product candidates or any future product candidates.
Our costs will increase if we experience delays in clinical testing or marketing approvals. We do not know whether any of our clinical
trials will begin as planned, will need to be reassigned or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays
also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates and may allow our
competitors to bring products to market before we do, potentially impairing our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates
and harming our business and results of operations. Any delays in our clinical development programs may harm our business, financial
condition and results of operations significantly. 

For
a new drug to be approved for marketing, the FDA and other regulatory authorities must determine that the drug is safe and effective.
Because all drugs can have adverse effects, the data from our Phase 3 clinical study must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA
and other health authorities that the benefits of gedatolisib in combination with palbociclib and fulvestrant, or gedatolisib in combination
with fulvestrant, outweigh its risks. Failure to demonstrate sufficient magnitude of benefit, even if the benefit is found to be statistically
significant, may not support regulatory approval. 

If
a drug meets its primary efficacy endpoint objective in a Phase 3 clinical trial, and the drug sponsor has additional nonclinical and
clinical data required by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, the drug sponsor may submit an NDA seeking marketing approval. Upon
submission of an NDA, these health authorities perform a benefit-risk assessment that considers the strength and quality of evidence
available and takes remaining uncertainties into account. These considerations include an assessment of the strengths and limitations
of clinical trials, including design, and potential implications for assessing drug efficacy, the magnitude of benefit and interpretation
of clinical importance, the benefit attributed to the drug when studied in combination with other therapies, and the clinical relevance
of the study endpoints. We have sought feedback from the FDA and other regulatory authorities on the design of our Phase 3 clinical trial
with the goal of addressing these considerations in the clinical trial s design. However, due to the complexity of clinical trials,
the uncertainty of outcomes, and the uncertainty of how the FDA and other regulatory authorities may balance benefits and risks in their
review of an NDA, it may not be practical or possible to address all benefit-risk assessment considerations in a Phase 3 clinical trial
so that sufficient evidence is generated to support a marketing approval, even if the primary endpoint objective is achieved. The FDA
or other regulatory authorities may require us to redesign or conduct additional unplanned clinical trials before granting any approval
and we may not get approval at all. If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our drug candidates
beyond those that we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials or other testing of our product
candidates, or if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if there are safety concerns,
we may: 

be
 delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates or not obtain marketing approval at all; 

obtain
 approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired; 

obtain
 approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings, including boxed warnings; 

36 

be
 subject to changes in the way the product is administered; 

be
 required to perform additional clinical trials to support approval or be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; 

have
 regulatory authorities withdraw, or suspend, their approval of the product or impose restrictions on its distribution in the form
 of a REMS or through modification to an existing REMS; 

be
 sued; or 

experience
 damage to our reputation. 

The
successful development of biopharmaceuticals is highly uncertain. 

Successful
development of biopharmaceuticals is highly uncertain and is dependent on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. Product
candidates that appear promising in the early phases of development may fail to reach the market for several reasons including, among
other things, that clinical trial results may show the product candidates to be less effective than expected or to have unacceptable
side effects or toxicities; we may fail to receive the necessary regulatory approvals or there may be a delay in receiving such approvals;
or the proprietary rights of others and their competing products and technologies that may prevent our product candidates from being
commercialized. 

The
length of time necessary to complete clinical trials and to submit an application for marketing approval for a final decision by a regulatory
authority varies significantly from one drug product to the next and from one country to the next and may be difficult to predict. Even
if we are successful in obtaining marketing approval, commercial success of any approved products will also depend in large part on the
availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors, including government payors such as the Medicare and Medicaid
programs and managed care organizations in the U.S. or country specific governmental organizations in foreign countries, which may be
affected by existing and future healthcare reform measures designed to reduce the cost of healthcare. Third-party payors could require
us to conduct additional studies, including post-marketing studies related to the cost effectiveness of a product, to qualify for reimbursement,
which could be costly and divert our resources. If government and other healthcare payors were not to provide coverage and adequate reimbursement
for our products once approved, market acceptance and commercial success would be reduced. 

In
addition, if any of our drug products receive marketing approval, we will be subject to significant post-approval regulatory obligations.
In addition, there is always the risk that we, a regulatory authority or a third party might identify previously unknown problems with
a product post-approval, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency. Compliance with these requirements is costly,
and any failure to comply or other issues with our drug products post-approval could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
face significant competition from other biopharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 

The
biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our competitors may be able to develop other
compounds or drugs that are able to achieve similar or better results. Our potential competitors include major multinational pharmaceutical
companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and universities and other research institutions.
Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development
staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations and well-established sales forces. Smaller or early-stage companies may
also prove to be significant competitors, particularly as they develop novel approaches to treating disease indications that our product
candidates are also focused on treating. Established pharmaceutical companies may also invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development
of novel therapeutics or to in-license novel therapeutics that could make the product candidates that we develop obsolete. Mergers and
acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors.
Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of
capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors, either alone or with collaboration partners, may succeed in developing,
acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis drug or biologic products that are more effective, safer, more easily commercialized or
less costly than our product candidates or may develop proprietary technologies or secure patent protection that we may need for the
development of our technologies and products. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial
success of our product candidates are efficacy, safety, tolerability, reliability, convenience of use, price and reimbursement. 

37 

Even
if we obtain regulatory approval of drug products, the availability and price of our competitors products could limit the demand
and the price we are able to charge for our product candidates. We may not be able to implement our business plan if the acceptance of
our product candidates is inhibited by price competition or the reluctance of physicians to switch from existing methods of treatment
to our product candidates, or if physicians switch to other new drug or biologic products or choose to reserve our product candidates
for use in limited circumstances. 

Even
if any drug product we develop receives marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients,
third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 

If
any future drug product we develop receives marketing approval, whether as a single agent or in combination with other therapies, it
may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community.
If the product candidates we develop do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues
and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of any product candidate, if approved for commercial sale, will depend
on a number of factors, including: 

efficacy
 and potential advantages compared to other treatments; 

the
 ability to offer our products, if approved, for sale at competitive prices; 

convenience
 and ease of administration compared to other treatments; 

the
 willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 

the
 strength of marketing and distribution support; 

the
 ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage, market access and adequate reimbursement; and 

the
 prevalence and severity of any side effects. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property for Gedatolisib 

We
depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties, including from Pfizer for our lead product candidate, and termination of
this license could result in the loss of significant rights, which would harm our business. 

We
are dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology, both our own and licensed from others. All patents covering gedatolisib
and any combination therapies using our product candidates are licensed from third parties. Any termination of a product license could
result in the loss of significant rights and would cause material adverse harm to our ability to commercialize our product candidates. 

Disputes
may also arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 

the
 scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

whether
 and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the
 licensing agreement; 

our
 right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; 

our
 diligence obligations with respect to the use of licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our
 product candidates and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and 

the
 ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and
 our partners. 

If
disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements
on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. 

We
are generally also subject to all of the same risks with respect to protection of intellectual property that we own, as we are for intellectual
property that we license. If we or our licensors fail to adequately protect this intellectual property, our ability to commercialize
products could materially suffer. 

38 

If
we fail to comply with our obligations under our patent license with Pfizer, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 

We
are a party to a license agreement with Pfizer pursuant to which we in-license key patents for gedatolisib. This license imposes various
diligence, milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with these obligations, Pfizer may
have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to develop or market the products covered by such licensed
intellectual property. We may have limited control over the maintenance and prosecution of these in-licensed rights, activities or any
other intellectual property that may be related to our in-licensed intellectual property. For example, we cannot be certain that such
activities by these licensors have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid
and enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights. We have limited control over the manner in which our licensors initiate
an infringement proceeding against a third-party infringer of the intellectual property rights, or defend certain of the intellectual
property that is licensed to us. It is possible that the licensors infringement proceeding or defense activities may be less vigorous
than had we conducted them ourselves. 

We
may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to develop any future product candidates on acceptable terms. 

Because
our programs may involve additional product candidates that may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth
of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. We may be unable to acquire
or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we
identify as necessary or important to our business operations. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on
reasonable terms, if at all, which could harm our business. We may need to cease use of the compositions or methods covered by such third-party
intellectual property rights, and may need to seek to develop alternative approaches that do not infringe on such intellectual property
rights which may entail additional costs and development delays, even if we were able to develop such alternatives, which may not be
feasible. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies
licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. 

The
licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and companies, which may be more established,
or have greater resources than we do, may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights
that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize our product candidates. More established companies may have a
competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete such negotiations and ultimately acquire the rights to the intellectual
property surrounding the additional product candidates that we may seek to acquire. 

Risks
Related to Government Regulation for Gedatolisib 

We
may not obtain the necessary regulatory approvals to commercialize our product candidate. 

We
will need FDA approval to commercialize our product candidate in the U.S. In order to obtain FDA approval, we must submit to the FDA
a new drug application, or NDA, demonstrating that the drug product is safe for humans and effective for its intended use. This demonstration
requires significant research and animal tests, which are referred to as pre-clinical studies, as well as human tests, which are referred
to as clinical trials. Satisfaction of the FDA s regulatory requirements typically takes many years, depends upon the type, complexity
and novelty of the drug product and requires substantial resources for research, development and testing. We cannot predict whether our
research and clinical approaches will result in a drug that the FDA considers safe for humans and effective for indicated uses. The FDA
has substantial discretion in the drug approval process and may require us to conduct additional pre-clinical and clinical testing or
to perform post-marketing studies. The approval process may also be delayed by changes in government regulation, future legislation or
administrative action or changes in FDA policy that occur prior to or during our regulatory review. Delays in obtaining regulatory approvals
may delay commercialization of, and our ability to derive product revenues from, our drug product; impose costly procedures on us; or
diminish any competitive advantages that we may otherwise enjoy. Even if we comply with all FDA requests, the FDA may ultimately reject
our NDA. We cannot be sure that we will ever obtain regulatory clearance for our drug product. Failure to obtain FDA approval of our
drug product will severely undermine our business by reducing our number of salable products and, therefore, corresponding product revenues. 

The
FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our regulatory plan for our product candidates. 

The
general approach for FDA approval of a new drug is dispositive data from one or more well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials of the product
candidate in the relevant patient population. Phase 3 clinical trials typically involve a large number of patients, have significant
costs and take years to complete. 

39 

Our
clinical trial results may not support approval of our product candidates. In addition, our product candidates could fail to receive
regulatory approval, or regulatory approval could be delayed, for many reasons, including the following: 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the dosing regimen, design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

we
 may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our product candidates
 are safe and effective for any of their proposed indications; 

we
 may encounter safety or efficacy problems caused by the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
 results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
 authorities for approval; 

we
 may be unable to demonstrate that our product candidates clinical and other benefits outweigh their safety risks; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical
 trials; 

the
 data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable
 foreign regulatory authorities to support the submission of an NDA or other comparable submission in foreign jurisdictions or to
 obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. or elsewhere; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers
 with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the
 approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering
 our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

Breakthrough
Therapy Designation or Fast Track Designation from the FDA may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval
process. 

If
a drug is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the product demonstrates the potential to address
unmet medical needs for this condition, the product sponsor may apply for Fast Track Designation. The designation offers the opportunity
for frequent interactions with the FDA to discuss the drug s development plan and to ensure collection of appropriate data needed
to support drug approval, as well as eligibility for submission of a New Drug Application. 

In
addition, a drug may receive Breakthrough Therapy Designation if it is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other products,
to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate
substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects
observed early in clinical development. The benefits of Breakthrough Therapy Designation include more intensive guidance from the FDA
on an efficient development program, access to a scientific liaison to help accelerate review time, and potential eligibility for priority
review if relevant criteria are met. This designation can expedite the development and regulatory review of an investigational medicine
that is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition. 

Both
Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy Designations are within the discretion of the FDA. While the FDA has granted both designations to
our lead drug candidate, gedatolisib, such designations may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to
products considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures, and neither designation assures ultimate approval by the FDA. In
addition, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the qualification conditions and may rescind either or both such
designations. 

Obtaining
and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining
regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. 

Obtaining
and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or
maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction
may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a
product candidate, a comparable foreign regulatory authority must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the product
candidate in those countries. 

Approval
procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than,
those in the U.S., including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may
not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the U.S., a product candidate must be
approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge
for our products is also subject to approval. 

40 

We
may also submit marketing applications in other countries. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the U.S. have requirements
for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions. Obtaining foreign regulatory
approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could
delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international
markets and/or receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential
of our product candidates will be harmed. 

Even
if we receive regulatory approval of any product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory
review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements
or experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates. 

If
any of our product candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging,
storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies and submission of safety, efficacy and other
post-marketing information, including both federal and state requirements in the U.S. and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory
authorities. In addition, we will be subject to continued compliance with requirements for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. 

Manufacturers
and manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements.
Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including
manufacturing, production and quality control. 

Any
regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which
the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing,
including Phase 4 clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. Certain endpoint data
we hope to include in any approved product labeling also may not make it into such labeling, including exploratory or secondary endpoint
data such as patient-reported outcome measures. The FDA may impose consent decrees or withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory
requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously
unknown problems with our product candidates, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party
manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved
labeling to add new safety information, imposition of post-marketing studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks or imposition
of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of our products, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

fines,
 warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 

refusal
 by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license
 approvals; 

product
 seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of our product candidates; and 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The
FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Products may be promoted
only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The policies of the FDA and comparable
foreign regulatory authorities may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory
approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future
legislation or administrative action, either in the U.S. or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements
or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval
that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 

41 

If
we commercialize any product candidates, we will be subject to U.S. and foreign governmental regulations as well as private payor policies
that mandate price controls or limitations on patient access to our products or establish prices paid by government entities or programs
for our products. Our business, and our future results could be adversely affected by changes in such regulations. 

Government
and private payors routinely seek to manage utilization and control the costs of our products, and there is considerable public and government
scrutiny of pharmaceutical pricing. Efforts by states and the federal government to regulate prices or payment for pharmaceutical products,
including proposed actions to facilitate drug importation, limit reimbursement to lower international reference prices, require deep
discounts, and require manufacturers to report and make public price increases and sometimes provide a written justification for such
price increases, could adversely affect our business if implemented. 

U.S.
and foreign governmental regulations that mandate price controls or limitations on patient access to our products or establish prices
paid by government entities or programs for our products could impact our business, and our future results could be adversely affected
by changes in such regulations or policies. The adoption of restrictive price controls in new jurisdictions, more restrictive controls
in existing jurisdictions or the failure to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing could also adversely impact revenue. We expect
pricing pressures will continue globally. In the U.S., pharmaceutical product pricing is subject to government and public scrutiny and
calls for reform, and many of our products are subject to increasing pricing pressures as a result. We expect to see continued focus
by the federal government on regulating pricing which could result in legislative and regulatory changes designed to control costs. For
example, in August 2022, the IRA was signed into law, which, among other things, requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in
price negotiations with Medicare, imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace
inflation, and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program. Some states have implemented, and others
are considering implementing, patient access constraints or cost cutting under the Medicaid program, and some are considering measures
that would apply to broader segments of their populations that are not Medicaid-eligible. State legislatures also have continued to focus
on addressing drug costs, generally by increasing price transparency or limiting drug price increases. Measures to regulate prices or
payment for pharmaceutical products, including legislation on drug importation, could adversely affect our business. 

Risks
Related to Our CELsignia Tests 

Our
success with CELsignia is heavily dependent on the success of our first CELsignia trials. 

Our
business strategy is focused on attracting pharmaceutical company partnerships that provide revenue from the sale of CELsignia tests
during clinical trials, from milestone payments during clinical trials, from sales of our CELsignia tests as companion diagnostics or
stand-alone tests thereafter, and, potentially, from royalties on the incremental drug revenues our tests enable. Our ability to obtain
such partnerships and generate such revenue depends in part on the ability of our first CELsignia tests to demonstrate the potential
incremental opportunity available for pharmaceutical companies. We do not expect to receive the first interim results for our prospective
clinical trials for the CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test until the second half of 2023. Success of the clinical trials using the
CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test or CELsignia Multi-Pathway Activity Test will depend on many factors, such as successfully enrolling
patients, meeting trial endpoint goals, and completing the trial in a timely manner. Our ability to complete the trial could be delayed
or prevented for several reasons that are out of our control, such as the FDA withdrawing its authorization and approval to perform the
study, NSABP, West Cancer Center, MD Anderson Cancer Center, or University of Rochester determining that
the human and/or toxicology test results do not support continuing the trial, or participants having adverse reactions or side-effects
to the drugs administered in the study. If we are unable to demonstrate that the CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test or CELsignia Multi-Pathway
Activity Test is suitable as a companion diagnostic for the targeted therapy, we will likely not be able to generate future revenue from
our CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test or CELsignia Multi-Pathway Activity test and may not be able to attract other pharmaceutical
companies to partner with us for the development and commercialization of other CELsignia tests. Further, potential pharmaceutical company
partners may delay negotiating development agreements until results of the first clinical trial using our CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity
Test trial are available. Even if the ultimate outcome of the first clinical trial using a CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test trial
is positive, any delays could materially and adversely affect our business. 

We
may not be successful in finding pharmaceutical company partners for continuing development of additional CELsignia tests. 

We
intend to develop strategic partnerships with pharmaceutical companies for developing additional CELsignia tests. Many of the potential
partners are global, multi-billion-dollar pharmaceutical companies with sophisticated research and development organizations and multiple
priorities. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish such a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for our
CELsignia tests because, among other things, our research and development pipeline may be insufficient, such tests may be deemed to be
at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort, or third parties may not view such tests as having the requisite potential
to demonstrate efficacy. In addition, we may be restricted under collaboration agreements from entering into future agreements with other
partners. Even if we are able to find suitable partners, we may not be successful in negotiating development agreements with such partners
that provide revenue from the sale of our CELsignia tests, from milestone payments, and/or from royalties on the incremental drug revenues
that our tests enable. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable strategic partners on a timely basis, on acceptable terms or
at all, we may have to curtail the development of additional CELsignia tests, our expected revenue opportunities may be significantly
smaller than expected and our business may fail. 

42 

While
our CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test and CELsignia Multi-Pathway Activity Test are commercially ready, we have not attempted to market
these to physicians or their patients as stand-alone tests and have no ability to determine if these tests or any of our other tests
will be commercially viable. 

While
our CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test and CELsignia Multi-Pathway Activity Test are analytically validated, conducted in our CLIA
certified and CAP accredited laboratory, and currently ready for commercial use as an LDT, we have not attempted to market them to physicians
or their patients. Furthermore, we have commenced only limited communications with KOLs to build awareness and credibility of our CELsignia
diagnostic platform and CELsignia tests. Accordingly, we have no ability to determine whether our CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test,
CELsignia Multi-Pathway Activity Test or any other future CELsignia tests, will be commercially viable as stand-alone tests. We may never
be successful in generating revenue from our CELsignia tests as stand-alone tests, and if we are unable to build pharmaceutical partnerships
that enable us to market the CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test, the CELsignia Multi-Pathway Activity Test, and other tests as companion
diagnostic tests, we may never generate any revenue and our business may fail. 

Developing
our CELsignia tests involves a lengthy and complex process that may not be successful. 

Our
CELsignia tests may take several years to develop from the time they are discovered to the time they are available for patient use, if
ever. In order to develop additional CELsignia tests into commercially ready products, we need to successfully complete a variety of
activities, including, among others, conducting substantial research and development, conducting extensive analytical testing, and maintaining
our CLIA certified and CAP accredited laboratory. In addition, our business strategy is focused on our CELsignia tests being sold as
companion diagnostics. This will require obtaining and maintaining partnerships with pharmaceutical companies and successfully completing
clinical studies that demonstrate the suitability of the applicable CELsignia test as a companion diagnostic for their targeted therapies. 

These
activities will require us to expend significant resources. Based on comparable companies in this industry, few research and development
projects result in commercially viable products, and success in early clinical studies often is not replicated in later studies. At any
point, we may abandon development of a product candidate for several reasons, such as a clinical validation study failing to demonstrate
the prospectively defined endpoints of the study. We may also be required to expend considerable resources repeating clinical studies,
which would adversely affect the timing for generating potential revenue from a new product and our ability to invest in other products
in our pipeline. 

Clinical
trials are expensive and complex with uncertain outcomes, which may prevent or delay commercialization of our CELsignia tests. 

For
our CELsignia tests to become a companion diagnostic for a matching targeted therapy, we must conduct clinical trials to demonstrate
that patients who have an abnormal signaling pathway, as identified by our CELsignia tests, respond to treatment with a matching targeted
therapy. Clinical testing is expensive, is difficult to design and implement, and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is
inherently uncertain. As a company, we have limited experience in conducting or participating in clinical trials. We cannot be certain
that any future clinical trials will conclusively demonstrate that any CELsignia test is effective as a companion diagnostic. If our
trials do not yield positive results, we may be unable to maintain the pharmaceutical company partnerships we build or find additional
partners, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our CELsignia tests or generate any revenue, our business may fail, and you
may lose part or all of your investment. 

We
cannot be certain that our existing clinical trial or future clinical trials, if any, will begin or be completed on time, if at all.
We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to commercialize
our CELsignia tests, such as: 

delay
 or failure in reaching agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts or clinical trial protocols with planned trial sites and/or
 strategic partners; 

delay
 or failure in reaching agreement with the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority on a trial design, in obtaining authorization
 from such authorities to commence the trial, and/or in complying with conditions or other requirements imposed by such regulatory
 authorities with respect to the trial; 

delay
 or failure in recruiting and enrolling suitable subjects to participate in one or more clinical trials, or in such participants completing
 a trial or returning for follow-up during or after the trial; 

clinical
 sites, investigators or other third-parties deviating from the trial protocol, failing to conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory
 and contractual requirements, and/or dropping out of a trial; 

regulatory
 imposition of a clinical hold for any of our clinical trials, where a clinical hold in a trial in one indication would result in
 a clinical hold for clinical trials in other indications; and 

changes
 in governmental regulations or administrative actions. 

43 

Significant
nonclinical or clinical trial delays could prevent us from maintaining and/or developing new pharmaceutical company partnerships. Delays
could also shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our CELsignia tests or allow our competitors
to bring products to market before we do. As such, any delays could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our CELsignia tests
and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Even
if our CELsignia tests achieve positive clinical trial results, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians,
patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 

If
any of our potential CELsignia tests, including our first CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test and CELsignia Multi-Pathway Activity Test,
achieve positive clinical trial results, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party
payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. For example, conventional genomic- or proteomic-based analyses
are commonly used today to diagnose cancer and prescribe cancer medications, and physicians may continue to rely on these diagnostic
tests instead of adopting the use of a CELsignia test. The degree of market acceptance of our CELsignia tests will depend on a number
of factors, including: 

their
 efficacy and other potential advantages compared to alternative diagnostic tests; 

our
 ability to offer them for sale at competitive prices; 

their
 convenience and ease of obtaining patient specimens compared to alternative diagnostics; 

the
 willingness of the target patient population to try new diagnostics and of physicians to initiate such diagnostics; 

the
 strength of marketing and distribution support; 

the
 availability of third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement for our diagnostic tests; and 

our
 ability to partner with pharmaceutical companies to develop companion diagnostic programs for the new cancer sub-types we discover. 

If
our CELsignia tests do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may never generate significant product revenues and we may not
become profitable. 

Our
CELsignia related business, operational and financial goals may not be attainable if the market opportunities for our CELsignia tests
or our pharmaceutical company partners are smaller than we expect. Our internal research and estimates on market opportunities have not
been verified by independent sources, and we have not independently verified market and industry data from third-parties that we have
relied on. 

The
total market opportunities that we believe exist are based on a variety of assumptions and estimates, including the number of potential
companion diagnostic programs we will be able to successfully pursue, the amount of potential milestone payments that we could receive
in companion diagnostic programs, the number of patients we will test in clinical trials, the price we will be able to charge for our
tests and the total annual number of cancer patients with undiagnosed abnormal cell signaling. In addition, we have relied on third-party
publications, research, surveys and studies for information related to determining market opportunities, including without limitation,
information on the number of cancer patients and those receiving various forms of treatment, the cost of drug therapy, the amount of
revenue generated from various types of drug therapy, the objective response rates of drug therapies, the number of deaths caused by
cancer and the expected growth in cancer drug therapy and diagnostic markets. Our internal research and estimates on market opportunities
have not been verified by independent sources, and we have not independently verified market and industry data from third-parties that
we have relied on. Any or all of our assumptions and/or estimates may prove to be incorrect for several reasons, such as inaccurate reports
or information that we have relied on, potential patients or providers not being amenable to using our CELsignia platform for diagnostic
testing or such patients becoming difficult to identify and access, limited reimbursement for companion diagnostics, pricing pressure
due to availability of alternative diagnostic tests, or an inability of the CELsignia tests companion drugs to obtain the necessary
regulatory approvals for new indications. If any or all of our assumptions and estimates prove inaccurate, we and our companion diagnostic
pharmaceutical partners may not attain our business, operational and financial goals. 

44 

The
expected selling price range of our CELsignia tests is an estimate. We have not yet sold any such tests and the actual price we are able
to charge may be substantially lower than our expected price range. 

We
have estimated the selling price range of our CELsignia tests based on the pricing of other diagnostic tests currently available and
assumptions regarding the efficacy and market acceptance of our tests. We have not yet sold our CELsignia tests and cannot be certain
of the actual price we may be able to charge. The availability and price of our competitors products could limit the demand and
the price we are able to charge. We may not achieve our business plan if acceptance is inhibited by price competition, if pharmaceutical
companies refuse to pay our expected prices for CELsignia tests in clinical trials, if physicians are reluctant to switch from other
diagnostic tests to our CELsignia tests or if physicians switch to other new products or choose to reserve our CELsignia tests for use
in limited circumstances. Furthermore, reductions in the reimbursement rate of third-party payors have occurred and may occur in the
future. Each of these factors could cause our selling price to be substantially lower than expected, and we may fail to generate revenue
or become profitable. 

The
insurance coverage and reimbursement status of new diagnostic products is uncertain. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage
and reimbursement for CELsignia tests could limit our ability to market those CELsignia tests and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 

The
availability and extent of reimbursement by governmental and private payors is essential for most patients to be able to afford expensive
diagnostic tests and treatments. Sales of any of our potential CELsignia tests will depend substantially, both in the United States and
internationally, on the extent to which the costs of our CELsignia tests will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, and similar
healthcare management organizations, or reimbursed by government health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers
and other third-party payors. Reimbursement by a payor may depend on a number of factors, including a payor s determination that
the CELsignia tests are neither experimental nor investigational, appropriate for the specific patient, cost-effective, supported by
peer-reviewed publications, and included in clinical practice guidelines. 

If
reimbursement is not available, or is available only to a limited amount, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our CELsignia
tests at expected levels, or potentially at all. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be high enough
to allow us to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize a sufficient return on our research and development investment. 

There
is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved diagnostic products. In the United States,
the principal decisions about reimbursement for new diagnostic products and services are typically made by CMS. CMS decides whether and
to what extent a new product or service will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare. Private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial
degree. As such, a significant portion of our potential revenue depends on CMS approving coverage and reimbursement of our CELsignia
tests. 

Outside
the United States, international operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations,
and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe, Canada and other countries has and will continue to
put pressure on the pricing and usage of diagnostic tests such as our potential CELsignia tests. In many countries, particularly the
countries of the European Union, the prices of medical products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health
systems. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time. To obtain reimbursement or
pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of our CELsignia tests relative to other
available diagnostic tests. The prices of products under such systems may be substantially lower than in the United States. Other countries
allow companies to fix their own prices for products but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other
changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our CELsignia tests. Accordingly, in markets outside
the United States, the reimbursement for our potential CELsignia tests may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient
to generate commercially reasonable revenue and profit. 

Moreover,
increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors, in the United States and internationally, to cap or reduce healthcare costs
may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and level of reimbursement for new products approved and, as a result, they may not
cover or provide adequate payment for our potential CELsignia tests. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly
prescription drugs and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become very intense. We expect to experience pricing pressures in
connection with the sale of any CELsignia tests due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance
organizations and additional legislative changes. 

45 

We
may encounter difficulties in commercializing and marketing our CELsignia products, including in hiring and retaining a qualified sales
force. 

In
order to commercialize any CELsignia test, we must build marketing, sales, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements
with third parties to perform these services, and we may not be successful in doing so. For each CELsignia test we develop, we intend
to pursue development agreements with the pharmaceutical companies that provide matching targeted therapies. Once we have completed the
analytical validation of a CELsignia test, we plan to target KOLs to build product awareness. Once we have clinical validation data available,
we expect to expand our sales and marketing efforts to target the broader market and coordinate our go-to-market activities with those
of our partner pharmaceutical companies. These activities will be expensive and time consuming and will require significant attention
of our executive officers to manage. In particular, there is intense competition for qualified sales personnel and our inability to hire
or retain an adequate number of sales representatives could limit our ability to maintain or expand our business and increase sales.
Furthermore, there is no guarantee that any new drug indications will require our CELsignia tests as a companion diagnostic or that any
pharmaceutical company will effectively coordinate sales and marketing activities with us. Any failure or delay in these activities,
including if we are unable to develop our marketing and sales networks or if our sales personnel do not perform as expected, would adversely
impact the commercialization our CELsignia platform, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be
materially and adversely affected. 

We
face significant competition from other diagnostic companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 

The
diagnostic testing industry is intensely competitive. We have competitors both in the United States and abroad, including universities
and other research institutions and providers of diagnostics that focus on developing genomic or proteomic analyses of a patient s
diseased cells or theranostic tests to predict specific patient responses to a drug therapy. Many of our competitors have substantially
greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development staff and well-established marketing and sales
forces. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing, on an exclusive basis, products or services that are more
effective or less costly than the CELsignia tests that we are currently developing or that we may develop. In addition, established medical
technology, biotechnology and/or pharmaceutical companies may invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of diagnostic tests
that could make our CELsignia tests less competitive. 

Our
ability to compete successfully will depend largely on our ability to: 

discover
 and develop CELsignia tests for cancer sub-types that are superior to other products in the market; 

demonstrate
 compelling advantages in the efficacy and convenience of our CELsignia tests on a cost competitive basis; 

attract
 qualified scientific, product development and commercial personnel; 

obtain
 and maintain patent and other proprietary protection as necessary for our CELsignia platform; 

obtain
 required U.S. and international regulatory approvals; 

successfully
 collaborate with research institutions and pharmaceutical companies in the discovery, development and commercialization of our current
 and future CELsignia tests; and 

successfully
 expand our operations and build a sales force to support commercialization. 

If
our sole laboratory facility becomes inoperable, we will be unable to perform our tests and our business will be harmed. 

We
do not have redundant laboratory facilities. We perform all of our diagnostic services in our laboratory located in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Our facility and the equipment we use to perform our tests would be costly to replace and could require substantial lead time to repair
or replace. The facility may be harmed or rendered inoperable by physical damage from fire, floods, tornadoes, power loss, telecommunications
failures, break-ins and similar events, which may render it difficult or impossible for us to perform our tests for some period of time.
The inability to perform our tests may result in the loss of customers or harm our reputation, and we may be unable to regain those customers
in the future. Although we possess insurance for damage to our property and the disruption of our business, this insurance may not be
sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 

In
order to rely on a third party to perform our tests, we could only use another facility with established state licensure and CLIA accreditation
under the scope of which our potential CELsignia tests could be performed following validation and other required procedures. We cannot
assure you that we would be able to find another CLIA-certified facility willing to adopt CELsignia tests and comply with the required
procedures, or that this laboratory would be willing to perform the tests for us on commercially reasonable terms. 

Our
instrument or reagent suppliers may fail to meet our quality requirements for the items we purchase or fail to provide a continuous supply
of the items we utilize to perform our CELsignia tests. 

We
utilize highly specialized reagents and instruments to perform our CELsignia tests. We may be unable to find suitable replacement reagents
and instruments on a timely basis, if at all. Interruption in the supply of these items or degradation in their quality could delay analytical
and clinical studies, and/or render us unable to deliver CELsignia tests. This would interrupt sales and adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

46 

Performance
issues or price increases by our shipping carriers could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition,
and harm our reputation and ability to provide our CELsignia tests on a timely basis. 

Expedited,
reliable shipping is essential to our operations. Should our shipping carrier encounter delivery performance issues such as loss, damage
or destruction of a sample, such occurrences may damage our reputation and lead to decreased demand for our services and increased cost
and expense to our business. In addition, any significant increase in shipping rates could adversely affect our operating margins and
results of operations. Similarly, strikes, severe weather, natural disasters or other service interruptions by delivery services we use
would adversely affect our ability to receive and process patient samples on a timely basis. There are only a few providers of overnight
nationwide transport services, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain arrangements with providers on acceptable
terms, if at all. 

Our
CELsignia tests represent a novel approach to companion diagnostics, which could result in heightened regulatory scrutiny, delays in
clinical development, or delays in our ability to commercialize any products. 

Our
unique and proprietary CELsignia technology is the first cancer diagnostic platform we are aware of that can detect the underlying signaling
dysfunction driving a patient s cancer. Because this is a novel approach to companion diagnostics, there can be no assurance as
to the length of a clinical trial period, the number of patients the FDA or another applicable regulatory authority will require to be
enrolled in the trials in order to establish the safety and efficacy of our CELsignia tests and the companion drugs, or that the data
generated in these trials will be acceptable to the FDA or another applicable regulatory authority to support marketing approval of new
indications for the companion drugs. This could delay or prohibit our clinical trials and/or commercialization of our CELsignia tests. 

If
the FDA were to begin regulating our tests, we could incur substantial costs and delays associated with trying to obtain premarket clearance
or approval. 

Most
LDTs are not currently subject to FDA regulation, although reagents, instruments, software or components provided by third parties and
used to perform LDTs may be subject to regulation. We believe that the CELsignia tests are LDTs, which is a term that describes tests
that are designed and performed within a single laboratory. As a result, we believe the CELsignia tests are not currently subject to
regulation by the FDA in accordance with the FDA s current policy of exercising enforcement discretion regarding LDTs. 

Historically,
the FDA has not required laboratories that furnish only LDTs to comply with the agency s requirements for medical devices (e.g.,
establishment registration, device listing, quality systems regulations, premarket clearance or premarket approval, and post-market controls).
In mid-2014, the FDA published a draft Guidance Document describing a proposed approach for a regulatory framework for LDTs, but in late
2016, the FDA indicated it did not intend to finalize the LDT Guidance Document at that time. It is not clear when or if the FDA will
seek to alter the current LDT regulatory framework in the future. We cannot provide any assurance that FDA regulation, including premarket
review, will not be required in the future for our tests, whether through additional guidance issued by the FDA, new enforcement policies
adopted by the FDA or new legislation enacted by Congress. We cannot predict with certainty the timing or content of future legislation
enacted or guidance issued regarding LDTs, or how it will affect our business. 

If
premarket review is required by the FDA at a future date or if we decide to voluntarily pursue FDA premarket review of our CELsignia
tests, there can be no assurance that our CELsignia tests or any tests we may develop in the future will be cleared or approved by the
FDA on a timely basis, if at all, nor can there be assurance that labeling claims will be consistent with our current claims or adequate
to support continued adoption of and reimbursement for our CELsignia tests. If our CELsignia tests are allowed to remain on the market
but there is uncertainty in the marketplace about our tests, if they are labeled investigational by the FDA, or if labeling claims the
FDA allows us to make are more limited than we expect, reimbursement may be adversely affected and we may not be able to sell our CELsignia
tests. Compliance with FDA regulations would increase the cost of conducting our business and subject us to heightened regulation and
scrutiny by the FDA and penalties for failure to comply with these requirements. 

If
we fail to obtain required federal and state laboratory licenses, we could lose the ability to perform our tests. 

Clinical
laboratory tests, including our CELsignia tests, are regulated under CLIA. CLIA is a federal law that regulates clinical laboratories
that perform testing on specimens derived from humans for the purpose of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment
of disease. CLIA regulations mandate specific standards for laboratories in the areas of personnel qualifications, administration, and
participation in proficiency testing, patient test management and quality assurance. CLIA certification is also required in order for
us to be eligible to bill state and federal healthcare programs, as well as many private third-party payers, for any tests we launch.
We will also be required to maintain state licenses in certain states to conduct testing in our laboratories. While we currently have
CLIA certification for our Minnesota laboratory, failure to maintain this certification would adversely affect our ability to launch
our CELsignia tests. 

47 

CELsignia
Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our CELsignia technology, or if the scope of the intellectual
property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and diagnostic tests
similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and diagnostic tests may be impaired. 

Our
ability to compete successfully will depend in part on our ability to obtain and enforce patent protection for our products,
preserve our trade secrets and operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We have applied for patents that
protect our technology. Our patent portfolio includes six issued U.S. patents and 30 issued international patents. Each patent and patent application covers methods of use. However, we cannot assure you
that our intellectual property position will not be challenged or that all patents for which we have applied will be granted. The
validity and breadth of claims in patents involve complex legal and factual questions and, therefore, may be highly uncertain.
Uncertainties and risks that we face include the following: 

our
 pending or future patent applications may not result in the issuance of patents; 

the
 scope of any existing or future patent protection may not exclude competitors or provide competitive advantages to us; 

our
 patents may not be held valid if subsequently challenged; 

other
 parties may claim that our products and designs infringe the proprietary rights of others, and even if we are successful in defending
 our patents and proprietary rights, such litigation may be costly; and 

other
 parties may develop similar products, duplicate our products, or design around our patents. 

The
patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all
necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner, or in all jurisdictions. We may choose not to
seek patent protection for certain innovations and may choose not to pursue patent protection in certain jurisdictions, and under the
laws of certain jurisdictions, patents or other intellectual property rights may be unavailable or limited in scope. It is also possible
that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our discovery and nonclinical development output before it is too late to obtain
patent protection. 

The
patent position of companies like ours is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been
the subject of much litigation. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or U.S. PTO, has not established a consistent policy regarding
the breadth of claims that it will allow in medical technology patents. In addition, the laws of foreign jurisdictions may not protect
our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. For example, India and China do not allow patents for methods of treating
the human body. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications
in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore,
we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or pending patent
applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity,
enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result
in patents being issued that protect our technology or CELsignia tests, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from
commercializing competitive technologies and diagnostic tests. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws
in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. 

Moreover,
we may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the U.S. PTO or patent offices in foreign jurisdictions, or
become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter parties review, post-grant review or interference proceedings challenging
our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce
the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology and compete directly with us, without
payment to us, or result in our inability to commercialize CELsignia platform without infringing third-party patent rights. In addition,
if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from
collaborating with us to develop or commercialize current or future CELsignia tests. 

48 

Even
if our owned patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection,
prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors may be able to circumvent
our owned patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. 

The
issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our owned patents may be challenged
in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate
or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others
from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and product candidates, or limit the duration of the patent protection
of our technology and potential diagnostic tests. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review
of new diagnostic tests, patents protecting such tests might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a
result, our owned patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing diagnostic tests
similar or identical to ours. 

Third
parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would
be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 

The
commercial success of CELsignia tests depends upon our ability, and the ability of our collaborators, to develop, manufacture, market
and sell our CELsignia tests and use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. There is
considerable intellectual property litigation in the medical technology, biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. We may become party
to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our CELsignia
platform, including interference or derivation proceedings before the U.S. PTO and similar bodies in other jurisdictions. Third parties
may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future. 

If
we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third
party to continue developing and marketing our CELsignia platform and CELsignia tests. However, we may not be able to obtain any required
license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving
our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing
the infringing technology or product. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys 
fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our CELsignia
platform or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated
the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. 

If
we are not able to prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information, the value of our CELsignia platform could
be significantly diminished. 

We
rely on trade secret protection to protect our interests in proprietary know-how and in processes for which patents are difficult to
obtain or enforce. We may not be able to protect our trade secrets adequately. We have a policy of requiring our consultants, advisors
and strategic partners to enter into confidentiality agreements and our employees to enter into invention, non-disclosure and non-compete
agreements. However, no assurance can be given that we have entered into appropriate agreements with all parties that have had access
to our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. There is also no assurance that such agreements will provide meaningful
protection of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure of information.
Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that any of our employees, consultants, contract personnel, or strategic partners, either accidentally
or through willful misconduct, will not cause serious damage to our programs and/or our strategy, for example by disclosing important
trade secrets, know-how or proprietary information to our competitors. It is also possible that our trade secrets, know-how or other
proprietary information could be obtained by third parties as a result of breaches of our physical or electronic security systems. Any
disclosure of confidential data into the public domain or to third parties could allow our competitors to learn our trade secrets and
use the information in competition against us. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information.
Any action to enforce our rights is likely to be time consuming and expensive, and may ultimately be unsuccessful, or may result in a
remedy that is not commercially valuable. These risks are accentuated in foreign countries where laws or law enforcement practices may
not protect proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. Any unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets or proprietary information
could harm our competitive position. 

49 

Other
Risks Related to Government Regulation for Our Business 

Failure
to comply with the HIPAA security and privacy regulations may increase our operational costs. 

A
portion of the data that we obtain and handle for or on behalf of our clients is considered protected health information, or PHI, subject
to HIPAA. Under HIPAA and our contractual agreements with our HIPAA-covered entity health plan customers, we are considered a business
associate to those customers and are required to maintain the privacy and security of PHI in accordance with HIPAA and the terms
of our business associate agreements with our clients, including by implementing HIPAA-required administrative, technical and physical
safeguards. We are also required to maintain similar business associate agreements with our subcontractors that have access to PHI of
our customers in rendering services to us or on our behalf. We will incur significant costs to establish and maintain these safeguards
and, if additional safeguards are required to comply with HIPAA regulations or our clients requirements, our costs could increase
further, which would negatively affect our operating results. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that such safeguards have been and will
continue to be adequate under applicable laws. If we have failed, or fail in the future, to maintain adequate safeguards, or we or our
agents or subcontractors use or disclose PHI in a manner prohibited or not permitted by HIPAA, our subcontractor business associate agreements,
or our business associate agreements with our customers, or if the privacy or security of PHI that we obtain and handle is otherwise
compromised, we could be subject to significant liabilities and consequences. 

Compliance
with global privacy and data security requirements could result in additional costs and liabilities to us or inhibit our ability to collect
and process data globally, and the failure to comply with such requirements could subject us to significant fines and penalties, which
may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The
regulatory framework for the collection, use, safeguarding, transfer and other processing of information is rapidly evolving and is likely
to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. Globally, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own data
security and privacy frameworks with which we must comply. For example, the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, or other processing
of personal data regarding individuals in the European Union, including personal health data, is subject to the EU General Data Protection
Regulation (the GDPR ), which took effect across all member states of the European Economic Area (the EEA in May 2018. The GDPR is wide-ranging in scope and imposes numerous requirements on companies that process personal data, including requirements
relating to the processing of health and other sensitive data, obtaining consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates,
providing information to individuals regarding data processing activities, implementing safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality
of personal data, providing notification of data breaches, and taking certain measures when engaging third-party processors. In addition,
the GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data to countries outside the European Union, including the United States,
and, as a result, increases the scrutiny that clinical trial sites located in the EEA should apply to transfers of personal data from
such sites to countries that are considered to lack an adequate level of data protection, such as the United States. The GDPR also permits
data protection authorities to require destruction of improperly gathered or used personal information and/or impose substantial fines
for violations of the GDPR, which can be up to 4 of global revenue or 20 million, whichever is greater, and it also confers a
private right of action on data subjects and consumer associates to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies,
and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. In addition, the GDPR provides that EU member states may make
their own further laws and regulations limiting the processing of personal data, including genetic, biometric or health data. 

Similar
actions are either in place or under way in the United States. There are a broad variety of data protection laws that are applicable
to our activities, and a wide range of enforcement agencies at both the state and federal levels that can review companies for privacy
and data security concerns based on general consumer protection laws. The Federal Trade Commission and state Attorneys General all are
aggressive in reviewing privacy and data security protections for consumers. New laws are also being considered at both the state and
federal levels. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), which went into effect on January 1, 2020,
and was amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), effective January 1, 2023, secure new privacy rights for
consumers and impose new obligations on us. Many other states have implemented or are considering similar legislation which will change
the privacy law landscape in the United States. For example, Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut have all adopted privacy laws,
which take effect in 2023. A broad range of legislative measures also have been introduced at the federal level. Accordingly, failure
to comply with federal and state laws (both those currently in effect and future legislation) regarding privacy and security of personal
information could expose us to fines and penalties under such laws. There also is the threat of consumer class actions related to these
laws and the overall protection of personal data. 

50 

Given
the breadth and depth of changes in data protection obligations, preparing for and complying with these requirements is rigorous and
time intensive and requires significant resources and a review of our technologies, systems and practices, as well as those of any third-party
collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants that process or transfer personal data collected in the European Union.
The GDPR and other changes in laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of certain types of sensitive data, such as
healthcare data or other personal information from our clinical trials, could require us to change our business practices and put in
place additional compliance mechanisms, may interrupt or delay our development, regulatory and commercialization activities and increase
our cost of doing business, and could lead to government enforcement actions, private litigation and significant fines and penalties
against us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Similarly, failure
to comply with federal and state laws regarding privacy and security of personal information could expose us to fines and penalties under
such laws. Even if we are not determined to have violated these laws, government investigations into these issues typically require the
expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could harm our reputation and our business. 

We
will also need to expend a considerable amount of resources complying with other federal, state and foreign laws and regulations. If
we are unable to comply or have not complied with such laws, we could face substantial penalties or other adverse actions. 

Our
operations are subject, directly or indirectly, to other federal, state and foreign laws and regulations that are complex and their application
to our specific products, services and relationships may not be clear and may be applied to our business in ways that we do not anticipate.
Compliance with laws and regulations will require us to expend considerable resources implementing internal policies and procedures for
compliance and ongoing monitoring and will require significant attention of our management team. This will be challenging as an early-stage
company with limited financial resources and human capital. These laws include, for example: 

Title
 XI of the Social Security Act, commonly referred to as the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits the knowing and willful
 offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, in return for or to reward the
 referral of patients or arranging for the referral of patients, or in return for the recommendation, arrangement, purchase, lease
 or order of items or services that are covered, in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program such as Medicare or Medicaid; 

The
 civil False Claims Act, that forbids the knowing submission or causing the submission of false or fraudulent information
 or the failure to disclose information in connection with the submission and payment of claims for reimbursement to Medicare, Medicaid,
 federal healthcare programs or private health plans; 

The
 federal Physician Self-referral Law, commonly known as the Stark Law, which prohibits physicians from referring Medicare or Medicaid
 patients to providers of designated health services with whom the physician or a member of the physician s
 immediate family has an ownership interest or compensation arrangement, unless a statutory or regulatory exception applies, and similar
 state equivalents that may apply regardless of payor; and 

The
 U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 
 201, the U.S. Travel Act, and the USA PATRIOT Act, which among other things, prohibit companies and their employees, agents, third-party
 intermediaries, joint venture partners and collaborators from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly,
 improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. 

Many
states and foreign governments have adopted similar laws and regulations. Violations of law could subject us to civil or criminal penalties,
monetary fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings
and curtailment of our operations. We could also be required to change or terminate some portions of operations or business or could
be disqualified from providing services to healthcare providers doing business with government programs. 

Risks
Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 

We
will rely on third parties to conduct certain aspects of our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully
carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory
approval for, or commercialize, any potential product candidates. 

We
will depend upon third parties to conduct certain aspects of our preclinical studies and depend on third parties, including independent
investigators, to conduct our clinical trials, under agreements with universities, medical institutions, contract research organizations,
or CROs, strategic partners and others. We expect to negotiate budgets and contracts with such third parties, which may result in delays
to our development timelines and increased costs. 

51 

We
continue to build our infrastructure and hire personnel necessary to execute our operational plans. We will rely especially heavily on
third parties over the course of our clinical trials, and, as a result, may have limited control over the clinical investigators and
limited visibility into their day-to-day activities, including with respect to their compliance with the approved clinical protocol.
Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol,
legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities.
We and these third parties are required to comply with GCP requirements, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and
comparable foreign regulatory authorities for product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCP requirements
through periodic inspections of clinical trial sponsors, clinical investigators and clinical trial sites. If we or any of these third
parties fail to comply with applicable GCP requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable
and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to suspend or terminate these trials or perform additional preclinical
studies or clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot be certain that, upon inspection, such regulatory authorities
will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with GCP requirements. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with
product produced under cGMP requirements and may require a large number of patients. 

Our
failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would
delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be adversely affected if any of these third parties violates federal
or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. 

Any
third parties conducting aspects of our preclinical studies or our clinical trials will not be our employees and, except for remedies
that may be available to us under our agreements with such third parties, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time
and resources to our preclinical studies and clinical programs. These third parties may also have relationships with other commercial
entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other product development activities, which
could affect their performance on our behalf. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations
or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the preclinical or clinical data they obtain
is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our development timelines,
including clinical development timelines, may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to complete development of, obtain
regulatory approval of or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects
for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed or precluded
entirely. 

The
pharmaceutical companies that we partner with may not be successful in receiving regulatory approval for drug indications or may not
commercialize their companion therapies for our expected companion diagnostic programs. 

While
we intend to provide our pharmaceutical company partners with new patient populations for such partners existing or investigational
targeted therapies, there can be no assurances that such partners will be able to obtain regulatory approval for new indications to treat
these patient populations or otherwise be successful in commercializing these new therapies. The pharmaceutical companies we partner
with: 

may
 not meet clinical trial endpoint targets in evaluating efficacy of a targeted therapy in the patient population; 

may
 encounter regulatory or production difficulties that could constrain the supply of the companion therapies; 

may
 have difficulties gaining acceptance of the use of the companion therapies in the clinical community; 

may
 not pursue commercialization of any companion therapies; 

may
 elect not to continue or renew commercialization programs based on changes in their strategic focus or available funding, or external
 factors, such as an acquisition, that divert resources or create competing priorities; 

may
 not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such companion therapies; or 

may
 terminate their relationship with us. 

Any 
of these factors could adversely affect our commercialization strategy, business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

52 

Our
reliance on third parties to formulate and manufacture our drug product will expose us to a number of risks that may delay the development,
regulatory approval and commercialization of our drug product or result in higher product costs. 

We
have no direct experience in drug formulation or manufacturing and do not intend to establish our own manufacturing facilities. We lack
the resources and expertise to formulate or manufacture our own product candidates. Instead, we will contract with one or more manufacturers
to manufacture, supply, store and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. If our drug product receives FDA approval, we will
rely on one or more third-party contractors to manufacture our drugs. Our anticipated future reliance on a limited number of third-party
manufacturers exposes us to risks that, among other things, we may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all
because the number of potential manufacturers is limited and the FDA must approve any replacement contractor; our third-party manufacturers
might be unable to formulate and manufacture our drugs in the volume and of the quality required to meet our clinical and/or commercial
needs, if any; our future contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for
the time required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully produce, store and distribute our products; and our contract manufacturers
may fail to comply with good manufacturing practice and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. Each of these
risks could delay our clinical trials, the approval, if any, of our product candidates by the FDA, or the commercialization of our product
candidates or result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenues. 

Patent
reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement
or defense of our issued patents. 

On
September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a
number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and
may also affect patent litigation. The U.S. PTO recently developed new regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith
Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, and in particular, the first to file provisions,
only became effective on March 16, 2013. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation
of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution
of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on
our business and financial condition. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the U.S. PTO, the laws
and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce
our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. In addition, there may be patent law reforms in foreign jurisdictions
that could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense
of our issued patents in those foreign jurisdictions. 

We
may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that our employees or we have misappropriated their intellectual property, or claiming
ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 

Our
current and future employees may have been previously employed at universities or other biotechnology, diagnostic technology or pharmaceutical
companies, including our competitors or potential competitors and strategic partners. Although we try to ensure that our employees do
not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that these employees or we
have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such employee s
former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. 

In
addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property
to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party
who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. Our and their assignment agreements may not be self-executing or
may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims they may bring against us, to determine
the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. 

If
we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property
rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial
costs and be a distraction to management. 

Any
lawsuits relating to infringement of intellectual property rights necessary to defend ourselves or enforce our rights will be costly
and time consuming and could be unsuccessful. 

Because
competition in our industry is intense, competitors may infringe or otherwise violate our issued patents, patents of our licensors or
other intellectual property. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be
expensive and time consuming, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. Any claims
we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their
patents. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole
or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds
that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our
patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. We may also elect to enter into license agreements in order to settle patent
infringement claims or to resolve disputes prior to litigation, and any such license agreements may require us to pay royalties and other
fees that could be significant. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual
property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. 

53 

Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock 

Provisions
in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company, which may be beneficial to our stockholders,
more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control
of our company that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your
shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock,
thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, because our board of directors will be responsible for appointing
the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our
current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things, these
provisions: 

allow
 the authorized number of our directors to be changed only by resolution of our board of directors; 

limit
 the manner in which stockholders can remove directors from our board of directors; 

establish
 advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals that can be acted on at stockholder meetings and nominations to our board of
 directors; 

require
 that stockholder actions must be effected at a duly called stockholder meeting and prohibit actions by our stockholders by written
 consent; 

limit
 who may call stockholder meetings; 

authorize
 our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to institute a poison pill 
 that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, effectively preventing acquisitions that have not
 been approved by our board of directors; and 

require
 the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of the votes that all our stockholders would be entitled to cast to amend or repeal
 specified provisions of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws. 

Moreover,
we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a person who owns in excess
of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction
in which the person acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed
manner. 

Any
of these provisions of our charter documents or Delaware law could, under certain circumstances, depress the market price of our common
stock. 

The
price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially, which could result in substantial losses for purchasers of our
common stock or could subject us to securities litigation. 

Our
stock price may be extremely volatile. The stock market in general and the market for smaller medical technology companies in particular
have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of
this volatility, investors may not be able to sell our common stock at or above the price they paid for such stock. The market price
for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 

the
 success of competitive products or technologies; 

results
 of planned clinical trials of our Phase 3 (VIKTORIA-1), CELsignia HER2 Pathway Activity Test, CELsignia Multi-Pathway Activity Test or
 other CELsignia tests may develop in the future; 

regulatory
 or legal developments in the United States and other countries; 

developments
 or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

the
 recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

the
 level of expenses related to any of our CELsignia tests or clinical development programs; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 

operating
 results that fail to meet expectations of securities analysts that cover our company; 

variations
 in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

changes
 in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

54 

market
 conditions in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical technology sectors; 

sales
 of our stock by us, our insiders and our other stockholders; 

general
 economic and market conditions; and 

the
 other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 

Additionally,
companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to an increased incidence of securities
class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result
in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 

Future
sales of shares of our common stock, including by us and significant stockholders, could negatively affect our stock price. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. Such sales, or the perception in
the market that the holders of a large number of shares of our common stock intend to sell their shares, could reduce the trading price
of our common stock. 

On
December 9, 2022, we issued 6,182,574 shares of common stock, 1,120,873 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and warrants exercisable for
6,956,450 shares of common stock to certain institutional and other accredited investors in a private placement pursuant to a securities
purchase agreement entered into on May 15, 2022. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holder, subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation described below, into 10 shares of common stock. Under the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock
and the warrants, we will not effect the conversion of any Series A Preferred Stock or the exercise of any such warrant, and the investor
will not have the right to convert any portion of the Series A Preferred Stock or to exercise any portion of any warrant, to the extent
that, after giving effect to an attempted conversion or exercise, the aggregate number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by
the investor, together with its affiliates, would exceed 9.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the conversion or exercise, which percentage may be reset at the investor s election to a higher percentage, not
to exceed 19.9 , upon 61 days notice to us, or to a lower percentage, effective immediately after notice to us. We refer to such
percentage limitation as the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. We filed a registration statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of up
to 24,347,754 shares of common stock, consisting of (i) 6,182,574 shares of common stock purchased by the investors under the securities
purchase agreement, (ii) 11,208,730 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock and (iii) 6,956,450
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, which was declared effective in January 2023. The Form S-3 covers the
resale of the number of shares of common stock issued or issuable to the investors without giving effect to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, but the investors may not convert or exercise, and subsequently resell the underlying shares of common stock of, any portion
of the Series A Preferred Stock or the warrants to the extent such conversion or exercise would result in the investor exceeding the
applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The investors may resell all, some or none of the shares of common stock registered pursuant
to the Form S-3 at any time or in their discretion, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

On
February 4, 2022, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement SM with Jefferies LLC, as agent, pursuant to which we may offer
and sell, from time to time, through Jefferies, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 50,000,000. On
October 12, 2022, pursuant to this agreement, we sold 500,000 shares of common stock in a single transaction at a price of 10.35 per
share, generating gross proceeds of 5.2 million 4.8 million net of commissions and offering expenses). At December 31, 2022, 44.8
million of common stock remains available for sale under the Jefferies agreement. The extent to which we utilize the Open Market Sale
Agreement SM as a source of funding will depend on a number of factors, including the prevailing market price of our common
stock, general market conditions and the extent to which we are able to secure funds from other sources. 

Sales
of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock or other securities by our stockholders, by us under the Open Market Sale Agreement SM ,
by the private placement investors pursuant to the Form S-3 or through any other means could also lower the market price of our common
stock, make it more difficult for you to sell your shares at a price that you desire and impair our ability to raise capital through
the sale of equity or equity-related securities. 

55 

Our
Series A Preferred Stock has rights, preferences, and privileges that are not held by, and are preferential to, the rights of holders
of our common stock. 

The
Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock provides that, in the event
of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, or in the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event
(as defined in the Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock), the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to be paid from assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders, before
any payment is made to the holders of common stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the greater of
(i) the original issue price 5.75 on an as-converted-to-common stock basis), plus all accrued and unpaid dividends and (ii) the amount
that the holder would have been entitled to receive at such time if the Series A Preferred Stock were converted into common stock. The
Company may not, without the consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, amend its charter
in a manner that adversely affects the powers, preferences or rights of the Series A Preferred Stock or issue or obligate itself to issue
shares of any additional class or series of capital stock unless the same ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to
the distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company and the payment of dividends. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business,
our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us
or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. There can be no assurance that analysts will cover us or provide favorable
coverage. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or change their opinion of our stock, our stock price would
likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose
visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

We
incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to
new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 

As
a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market and
other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance
of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote
a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased our ongoing legal
and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 

Pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control
over financial reporting. Depending upon our filer status, we could also be required to include an attestation report on internal control
over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm as required by Section 404(b). While we, as of December
31, 2022, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective, we may need to dedicate additional internal resources
and engage outside consultants to maintain compliance with Section 404 in the future. Any material weaknesses that we may identify in
the future could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial
statements. 

56 

ITEM
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

ITEM
2. Properties 

We
currently lease and occupy approximately 16,000 square feet in Minneapolis, Minnesota, which includes our clinical laboratory and
offices. On March 13, 2023, we signed the fourth amendment to our lease agreement, which expires in April 2026. The lease provides
for monthly rent, real estate taxes and operating expenses. We believe that this leased space is adequate to meet current and
anticipated future requirements and that additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate any expansions
that our operations require. 

ITEM
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time we may be involved in disputes or litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations. We are not currently a party
to any legal proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

ITEM
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

57 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Price Information 

Our
common stock has been listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CELC since September 20, 2017. 

As
of March 14, 2023, there were approximately 54 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of holders of common stock is
greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name
by brokers and nominees. The number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other
entities. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to finance
the operation and expansion of our business. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment
of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including
our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, outstanding indebtedness and plans for expansion and
restrictions imposed by lenders, if any. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
information required by this Item concerning equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference from Part III, Item 11 of
this Annual Report. 

58 

ITEM
6. Reserved. 

ITEM
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together in conjunction with our
financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion
and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business
and expected financial results, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the Risk
Factors discussed in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report. 

OVERVIEW

Celcuity
is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on development of targeted therapies for treatment of multiple solid tumor indications.
The Company s lead therapeutic candidate is gedatolisib, a pan-PI3K/mTOR inhibitor. Its mechanism of action and pharmacokinetic
properties are highly differentiated from other currently approved and investigational therapies that target PI3K or mTOR alone or together.
The Company initiated VIKTORIA-1, a Phase 3 study evaluating gedatolisib in patients with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer in 2022 and
is currently enrolling patients. Its CELsignia companion diagnostic platform is uniquely able to analyze live patient tumor cells to
identify new groups of cancer patients likely to benefit from already approved targeted therapies. 

Gedatolisib,
is a potent, well-tolerated, small molecule reversible dual inhibitor, administered intravenously, that selectively targets all Class I isoforms of PI3K and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR). In April 2021, we obtained exclusive global
development and commercialization rights to gedatolisib under a license agreement with Pfizer, Inc. We believe gedatolisib s
unique mechanism of action, differentiated chemical structure, favorable pharmacokinetic properties, and intravenous formulation
offer distinct advantages over currently approved and investigational therapies that target PI3K or mTOR alone or
together. 

Overcomes
 limitations of therapies that only inhibit a single Class I PI3K isoform or only one mTOR kinase complex. 

Gedatolisib
is a pan-class I isoform PI3K inhibitor with low nanomolar potency for the p110 , p110 , p110 , and p110 isoforms
and mTORC1 and mTORC2 complexes. Each PI3K isoform and mTOR complex is known to preferentially affect different signal transduction events
that involve tumor cell survival, depending upon the aberrations associated with the linked pathway. When a therapy only inhibits a single
Class I isoforms (e.g., alpelisib, a PI3K- inhibitor or only one mTOR kinase complex (e.g., everolimus, an mTORC1 inhibitor),
numerous feedforward and feedback loops between the PI3K isoforms and mTOR complexes cross-activates the uninhibited sub-units. This,
in turn, induces compensatory resistance that reduces the efficacy of isoform specific PI3K or single mTOR kinase complex inhibitors.
Inhibiting all four PI3K isoforms and both mTOR complexes, as gedatolisib does, thus prevents the confounding effect of isoform interaction
that may occur with isoform-specific PI3K inhibitors and the confounding interaction between PI3K isoforms and mTOR. 

Better
 tolerated by patients than oral PI3K and mTOR drugs. 

Gedatolisib
is administered intravenously (IV) on a four-week cycle of three weeks-on, one week-off, in contrast to the orally administered pan-PI3K
or dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitors that are no longer being clinically developed. Oral pan-PI3K or PI3K/mTOR inhibitors have repeatably been
found to induce significant side effects that were not well tolerated by patients. This typically leads to a high proportion of patients
requiring dose reductions or treatment discontinuation. The challenging toxicity profile of these drug candidates ultimately played a
significant role in the decisions to halt their development, despite showing promising efficacy. By contrast, gedatolisib stabilizes
at lower concentration levels in plasma compared to orally administered PI3K inhibitors, resulting in less toxicity, while maintaining
concentrations sufficient to inhibit PI3K/mTOR signaling. 

Isoform-specific
PI3K inhibitors administered orally were developed to reduce toxicities in patients. While the range of toxicities associated with isoform-specific
inhibitors is narrower than oral pan-PI3K or PI3K/mTOR inhibitors, administering them orally on a continuous basis still leads to challenging
toxicities. The experience with an FDA approved oral p110- specific inhibitor, Piqray, illustrates the challenge. In its Phase
3 pivotal trial Piqray was found to induce a Grade 3 or 4 adverse event (AE) related to hyperglycemia in 39 of patients evaluated. In
addition, 26 of patients discontinued alpelisib due to treatment related adverse events. By contrast, in the 103-patient dose expansion
portion of the Phase 1b clinical trial with gedatolisib, only 7 of patients experienced Grade 3 or 4 hyperglycemia and less than 10 
discontinued treatment. 

59 

As
of December 31, 2022, 492 patients with solid tumors have received gedatolisib in eight clinical trials sponsored by Pfizer. Of the 492
patients, 129 were treated with gedatolisib as a single agent in three clinical trials. The remaining 363 patients received gedatolisib
in combination with other anti-cancer agents in five clinical trials. Additional patients received gedatolisib in combination with other
anti-cancer agents in nine investigator sponsored clinical trials. 

A
Phase 1b trial (B2151009) evaluating patients with ER+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer was initiated in 2016 and subsequently enrolled
138 patients. Seven patients from this study continue to receive study treatment, as of December 31, 2022, each of which have received
study treatment for more than four years. The B2151009 clinical trial was an open label, multiple arm Phase 1b study that evaluated
gedatolisib in combination with palbociclib (CDK4/6 inhibitor) and fulvestrant or letrozole in patients with HR+/HER2- advanced breast
cancer. Thirty-five patients were enrolled in two dose escalation arms to evaluate the safety and tolerability and to determine the maximum
tolerated dose (MTD) of gedatolisib when used in combination with the standard doses of palbociclib and endocrine therapy (letrozole
or fulvestrant). The MTD was determined to be 180 mg administered intravenously once weekly. A total of 103 patients were subsequently
enrolled in one of four expansion arms (A, B, C, D). 

High
objective overall response rates were observed in all four expansion arms and were comparable in each arm for PIK3CA WT and PIK3CA MT
patients. In treatment-na ve patients (Arm A), ORR was 85 . In patients who received prior hormonal therapy alone or in combination
with a CDK4/6 inhibitor (Arms B, C, and D), ORR ranged from 36 to 77 . Each arm achieved its primary endpoint target, which was reporting
higher ORR in the study arm than ORR from either the PALOMA-2 (ORR=55 study that evaluated palbociclib plus letrozole for Arm A or
the PALOMA-3 study (ORR=25 that evaluated palbociclib plus fulvestrant for Arms B, C, and D. For all enrolled patients, a clinical
benefit rate (CBR) of 79 was observed. Median progression-free survival (PFS) was 12.9 months for patients who received a prior CDK4/6 inhibitor and were treated with the Phase 3 dosing
schedule (Arm D). For the Arm A patients that were treatment naive in the advanced setting, median PFS had not yet been reached. 

Gedatolisib
combined with palbociclib and endocrine therapy demonstrated a favorable safety profile with manageable toxicity. The majority of treatment
emergent adverse events were Grade 1 and 2. The most frequently observed adverse events included stomatitis/mucosal inflammation, the
majority of which were Grade 1 and 2. The most common Grade 4 AEs were neutropenia and neutrophil count decrease, which were assessed
as related to treatment with palbociclib. No grade 5 events were reported in this study. 

We
activated VIKTORIA-1, a Phase 3, open-label, randomized clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of two regimens in adults
with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer whose disease has progressed after prior CDK4/6 therapy in combination with an aromatase inhibitor:
1) gedatolisib in combination with palbociclib and fulvestrant: and 2) gedatolisib in combination with fulvestrant. Two hundred clinical
sites in North America, Europe, South America, Asia, and Australia have been selected to participate in the study. The first clinical
site was activated in the third quarter. The first dosage of a patient in the trial occurred in December 2022. 

The
clinical trial will enable separate evaluation of subjects according to their PIK3CA status. Subjects who meet eligibility criteria and
are PIK3CA WT will be randomly assigned (1:1:1) to receive a regimen of either gedatolisib, palbociclib, and fulvestrant (Arm A), gedatolisib
and fulvestrant (Arm B), or fulvestrant (Arm C). Subjects who meet eligibility criteria and are PIK3CA MT will be randomly assigned (3:3:1)
to receive a regimen of either gedatolisib, palbociclib, and fulvestrant (Arm D), alpelisib and fulvestrant (Arm E), or gedatolisib and
fulvestrant (Arm F). 

Our
proprietary CELsignia diagnostic platform is the only commercially ready technology we are aware of that uses a patient s living
tumor cells to identify the specific abnormal cellular process driving a patient s cancer and the targeted therapy that best treats
it. This enables us to identify patients whose tumors may respond to a targeted therapy, even though they lack a previously associated
molecular mutation. By identifying cancer patients whose tumors lack an associated genetic mutation but have abnormal cellular activity
a matching targeted therapeutic is designed to inhibit, CELsignia CDx can expand the markets for a number of already approved targeted
therapies. Our current CDx identifies breast and ovarian cancer patients whose tumors have cancer drivers potentially responsive to treatment
with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HER2), mesenchymal-epithelial transition factor (c-MET), or phosphatidylinositol
3-kinases (PI3K) targeted therapeutics. While U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA approval or clearance is not currently
required for CELsignia tests offered as a stand-alone laboratory developed test, if we are partnered with a drug company to launch a
CELsignia test as a companion diagnostic for a new drug indication, we would be required to obtain premarket approval, or PMA, in conjunction
with the pharmaceutical company seeking a new drug approval for the matching therapy. 

We
are supporting the advancement of new potential indications for four different targeted therapies, controlled by other pharmaceutical
companies, that would rely on a CELsignia CDx to select patients. Four Phase 2 trials are underway to evaluate the efficacy and safety
of these therapies in CELsignia selected patients. These patients are not currently eligible to receive these drugs and are not identifiable
with a molecular test. 

60 

Supporting
the development of a potential first-in-class targeted therapy for breast cancer, like gedatolisib, with our CELsignia platform is a
natural extension of our strategy to use our CELsignia CDx to enable new indications for other companies targeted therapies. By
combining companion diagnostics designed to enable proprietary new drug indications with targeted therapies that treat signaling dysregulation
our CDx identifies, we believe we are uniquely positioned to improve the standard-of-care for many early and late-stage breast cancer
patients. Our goal is to play a key role in the multiple treatment approaches required to treat breast cancer patients at various stages
of their disease. With each program, we are: 

Leveraging
 the proprietary insights CELsignia provides into live patient tumor cell function 

Using
 a CELsignia CDx to identify new patients likely to respond to the paired targeted therapy 

Developing
 a new targeted therapeutic option for breast cancer patients 

Maximizing
 the probability of getting regulatory approval to market the targeted therapy indication 

Recent
Developments 

On
December 22, 2022, Celcuity closed on a 20.0 million term loan (the Term B Loan with an affiliate of Innovatus Capital
Partners, LLC Innovatus ), pursuant to a Loan and Security Agreement, dated April 8, 2021 (the Loan Agreement ),
as amended by that First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated August 9, 2022 (the Amendment and collectively with the
Loan Agreement, the Amended Loan Agreement ). The Company became eligible to draw down the Term B Loan upon the closing
of the Company s previously disclosed 100 million private placement on December 9, 2022. As previously disclosed, the Amended
Loan Agreement may provide the Company with up to 75.0 million through funding of up to five term loans. Funding of the first 15.0
million term loan occurred on April 8, 2021 in connection with entering into the original Loan Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, term
loans totaling 35 million are outstanding under the Amended Loan Agreement. Celcuity will be able to draw on two additional tranches
of 10 million each and one additional tranche of 20 million upon achievement of certain clinical trial milestones and satisfaction
of certain financial covenants determined on a pro forma as-funded basis. Funding of these additional tranches is also subject to other
customary conditions and limits on when the Company can request funding for such tranches. Celcuity is entitled to make interest only
payments for the 48-month period from the original agreement date or for the 60-month period from the original agreement date if certain
conditions are met. The loans will mature on April 8, 2027, the sixth anniversary of the initial funding date. Innovatus has the right
to convert outstanding principal into shares of Celcuity common stock until the third anniversary of the loan amendment date, with such
amount limited to an aggregate of up to 6.6 million assuming all tranches are funded. The loan is secured by all of Celcuity s
assets. 

On
December 9, 2022, Celcuity closed on a private placement of common stock and preferred stock, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately
 100 million, before deducting placement agent fees and other expenses. Celcuity issued 6,182,574 shares of common stock, 1,120,873 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock and warrants exercisable for 6,956,450 shares of common stock to certain institutional and other accredited
investors pursuant to a securities purchase agreement entered into on May 15, 2022. Pursuant to the securities purchase agreement, the
closing (funding) of the private placement followed dosage of the first patient in Celcuity s Phase 3 clinical trial, VIKTORIA-1,
evaluating gedatolisib, Celcuity s lead therapeutic candidate. Investors purchased shares of common stock and Series A Preferred
Stock at a price of 5.75 per share (on an as converted to common stock basis), with forty percent (40 warrant coverage (on an as converted
to common stock basis) and customary resale registration rights. The warrants have an exercise price of 8.05 per share. 

On
December 7, 2022, Celcuity announced that the first patient was dosed in it Phase 3 VIKTORIA-1 clinical trial. Operational activities
continue to focus on facilitating activation of sites and enrolling patients. The clinical trial protocol was updated to include an additional
study arm (Arm F) to evaluate gedatolisib plus fulvestrant in 50 patients who have PIK3CA mutations. This update was made in response
to a recommendation from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) that the study arms for PIK3CA mutated patients mirror the same study arms
for PIK3CA non-mutated patients. No changes were made to the primary endpoints. VIKTORIA-1 will evaluate the safety and efficacy of gedatolisib
in combination with fulvestrant with or without palbociclib in adults with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer whose disease progressed
while receiving prior CDK4/6 therapy. Further details about the study are available at ClinicalTrials.gov . 

61 

We
have not generated any revenue from sales to date, and we continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related
to our ongoing operations. As a result, we are not and have never been profitable and have incurred losses in each period since we began
operations in 2012. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported a net loss of approximately 40.4 million and
 29.6 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were approximately 168.6
million, and we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 96.3 million. 

Impact
of COVID-19 on our Business 

Although
we have largely returned to normal operations in our facility, the COVID-19 pandemic continues and its effect on our operations and financial
condition will depend in large part on future developments which cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. Future developments include
the duration, scope and severity of the pandemic, the emergence of new virus variants that are more contagious or harmful than prior
variants, actions taken by governmental authorities, suppliers, clinical trial sites, and other business partners to contain or mitigate
the pandemic s impact, and the potential adverse effects on the suppliers, labor market and general economic activity. 

As
we continue to advance our clinical trial collaborations, we remain in close contact with our current clinical sponsors, and principal
investigators, as well as prospective pharmaceutical company and clinical collaborators, to monitor the impact of COVID-19 on our trial
enrollment timelines and collaboration discussions. We experienced delays in the enrollment of patients in our ongoing CELsignia Phase
2 clinical trials and now expect interim results from FACT-1 and FACT-2 to be delayed until the second half of 2023. We could experience
further delays in clinical trials and collaborations with pharmaceutical companies and sponsors if new variants emerge or if the spread
of COVID-19 once again accelerates. Due to the inherent uncertainty associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, we are unable to predict the
impact the pandemic may have on our clinical trial work and overall financial condition. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Components
of Operating Results 

Revenue 

To
date, we have not generated any revenue. With the execution of the Pfizer license agreement in April 2021, whereby we acquired exclusive
world-wide licensing rights to develop and commercialize gedatolisib, we initiated a Phase 3 clinical trial, VIKTORIA-1, in 2022 to support
potential regulatory approval to market gedatolisib. If we obtain regulatory approvals to market gedatolisib, we expect to generate revenue
from sales of the drug for the treatment of breast cancer patients. Additionally, we will seek to generate revenue from partnership agreements
with pharmaceutical companies to provide companion diagnostics for such pharmaceutical partners existing or investigational targeted
therapies. If a new drug indication is received that requires use of our companion diagnostic to identify eligible patients, we expect
to generate revenues from sales of tests to treating physicians. 

Research
and Development 

Since
our inception, we have primarily focused on research and development of gedatolisib, a PI3K/mTOR targeted therapy and our CELsignia platform
and corresponding tests. Research and development expenses primarily include: 

employee-related
 expenses related to our research and development activities, including salaries, benefits, recruiting, travel and stock-based compensation
 expenses; 

laboratory
 supplies; 

consulting
 fees paid to third parties; 

clinical
 trial costs; 

validation
 costs for gedatolisib; 

facilities
 expenses; and 

legal
 costs associated with patent applications. 

62 

Internal
and external research and development costs are expensed as they are incurred. As we continue development of gedatolisib, manage the
VIKTORIA-1 Phase 3 trial and other clinical trials to evaluate the efficacy of targeted therapies in cancer patients selected with one
of our CELsignia tests, the proportion of research and development expenses allocated to external spending will grow at a faster rate
than expenses allocated to internal expenses. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation related to our executive, finance and
support functions. Other general and administrative expenses include professional fees for auditing, tax, and legal services associated
with being a public company, director and officer insurance, investor relations and travel expenses for our general and administrative
personnel. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Sales
and marketing expenses consist primarily of professional and consulting fees related to these functions. To date, we have incurred
immaterial sales and marketing expenses as we continue to focus primarily on the development of our first drug, gedatolisib,
managing the VIKTORIA-1 Phase 3 trial, and development of our CELsignia platform and corresponding CELsignia tests. We would expect
to begin to incur increased sales and marketing expenses in anticipation of the commercialization of our first drug, gedatolisib,
and CELsignia tests. These increased expenses are expected to include payroll-related costs as we add employees in the commercial
departments, costs related to the initiation and operation of our sales and distribution network and marketing related
costs. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense is primarily due to a Loan Agreement and finance lease obligations. 

Interest
Income 

Interest
income consists of interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and investment balances. 

63 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Years Ended 

December 31, 
 Increase (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Percent Change 
 
 Statements of Operations Data: 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 35,289,548 
 25,758,006 
 9,531,542 
 37 
 
 General and administrative 
 4,101,543 
 2,597,909 
 1,503,634 
 58 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 39,391,091 
 28,355,915 
 11,035,176 
 39 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (39,391,091 
 (28,355,915 
 (11,035,176 
 39 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 
 (2,106,111 
 (1,262,350 
 (843,761 
 67 
 
 Interest income 
 1,127,162 
 13,262 
 1,113,900 
 8,399 
 
 Loss on sale of fixed assets 
 - 
 (263 
 263 
 n/a 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 (978,949 
 (1,249,351 
 270,402 
 (22 
 
 Net loss before income taxes 
 (40,370,040 
 (29,605,266 
 (10,764,774 
 36 
 
 Income tax benefits 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 (40,370,040 
 (29,605,266 
 (10,764,774 
 36 

Research
and Development 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our research and development expenses were approximately 35.3 million, representing an increase of
approximately 9.5 million, or 37 , compared to the same period in 2021. Included in the 9.5 million increase is a 10 million reduction
in gedatolisib licensing related expenses offset by increases of 19.5 million in other research and development expenses. In the 2021
period, research and development expenses included a 10.0 million upfront license fee related to the execution of the Pfizer license
agreement while there were no licensing agreement expenses for gedatolisib in 2022. Of the 19.5 million increase in research and development
expense, 4.9 million was related to increased employee and consulting expenses, of which 0.9 million was in the form of non-cash stock-based
compensation. The remaining 14.6 million increase of research and development costs is related to costs for existing clinical trials
and for activities supporting the initiation of the VIKTORIA-1 pivotal trial. 

Conducting
a significant amount of research and development is central to our business model. We plan to increase our research and development expenses
for the foreseeable future as we seek to develop gedatolisib, manage the VIKTORIA-1 Phase 3 trial, discover new cancer sub-types, and
develop and validate additional CELsignia tests to diagnose such sub-types. We also expect to incur increased expenses to support companion
diagnostic business development activities with pharmaceutical companies as we develop additional CELsignia tests and manage a clinical
trial for gedatolisib. 

64 

General
and Administrative 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our total general and administrative expenses were 4.1 million, representing an increase of approximately
 1.5 million, or 58 , compared to the same period in 2021. The increase primarily resulted from a 1.3 million increase in compensation
related expenses, including approximately 1.1 million of non-cash stock-based compensation. In addition, other general and administrative
expenses increased 0.2 million primarily due to professional fees associated with being a public company and director and officer insurance. 

We
anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in future periods, reflecting both increased costs in connection
with the potential future commercialization of gedatolisib and CELsignia tests, an expanding infrastructure, and increased professional
fees associated with being a public company. 

Interest
Expense 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense was 2.1 million and represents an increase of 0.8 million compared to the same
period in 2021. The Loan Agreement that was executed in April 2021 amended in August 2022, and includes 0.9 million of non-cash
interest expense. The increase primarily reflects the loan being in place for the full year in 2022, while only a portion of the year in
2021. 

Interest
Income 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, interest income increased approximately 1.1 million compared to the same period in 2021. The
increase was primarily the result of higher market interest rates and the closing of additional financing activities, leading to
higher cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment balances. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Since
our inception, we have incurred losses and cumulative negative cash flows from operations. Through December 31, 2022, we have funded
our operations primarily through private placements and registered offerings of our equity securities and unsecured convertible notes,
and borrowings under loan agreements. From inception through December 31, 2022, we raised an aggregate of approximately 223.7 million
of net proceeds through sales of our securities, and as of December 31, 2022 had 35.0 million of borrowings under loan agreements. As
of December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were approximately 24.6 million and 144.0 million, respectively,
and we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 96.3 million. 

Private
Placement. On December 9, 2022, we issued 6,182,574 shares of common stock, 1,120,873 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and warrants
exercisable for 6,956,450 shares of common stock to certain institutional and other accredited investors pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement entered into on May 15, 2022. Pursuant to the securities purchase agreement, the closing (funding) of the private placement
occurred following dosage of the first patient in the Company s Phase 3 study, VIKTORIA-1. Investors purchased shares of common
stock and Series A Preferred Stock at a price of 5.75 per share (on an as converted to common stock basis), with forty percent (40 warrant coverage (on an as converted to common stock basis) and customary resale registration rights. The warrants have an exercise price
of 8.05 per share. The private placement generated gross proceeds of approximately 100 million before deducting placement agent fees
and other offering expenses of 4.3 million. 

Open
Market Sale Agreement SM . On February 4, 2022, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement SM with Jefferies
LLC, as agent, pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time, through Jefferies, shares of our common stock having an aggregate
offering price of up to 50,000,000. On October 12, 2022, pursuant to this agreement, the Company sold 500,000 shares of common stock
in a single transaction at a price of 10.35 per share, generating gross proceeds of 5.2 million 4.8 million net of commissions and
offering expenses). At December 31, 2022, 44.8 million of common stock remains available for sale under the Jefferies agreement. 

Innovatus
Loan Agreement. On April 8, 2021, we entered into a Loan Agreement with Innovatus Life Sciences Lending Fund I, LP Innovatus ),
under which Innovatus agreed to loan up to 25 million in three tranches consisting of (i) a 15.0 million non-contingent Term A loan
that was funded on April 8, 2021, (ii) a 5 million Term B loan with a deadline of March 31, 2022, and (iii) a 5 million Term C loan
to be funded upon our request, subject to our ability to achieve certain milestones, no later than March 31, 2023. On August 9, 2022,
the Company amended the Loan Agreement with Innovatus to provide for up to 75 million in term loans. As of December 31, 2022, term loans
totaling 35 million are outstanding under the Loan Agreement, including the initial Term A loan of 15 million which was funded on April
8, 2021, and a 20 million Term B loan which was funded on December 22, 2022 following the closing of the 100 million private placement
described above. Additionally, the Company will be able to draw on two additional tranches of 10 million and one additional tranche
of 20 million upon achievement of certain clinical trial milestones and satisfaction of certain financial covenants determined on a
pro forma as-funded basis. Funding of these additional tranches is also subject to other customary conditions and limits on when the
Company can request funding for such tranches. 

65 

We
expect that our research and development and general and administrative expenses will increase as we continue to develop gedatolisib,
manage the VIKTORIA-1 Phase 3 trial, conduct research related to the discovery of new cancer sub-types, conduct clinical trials, and
pursue other business development activities. We would also expect to incur sales and marketing expenses as we commercialize gedatolisib
and our CELsignia tests. We expect to use cash on hand to fund our research and development expenses, clinical trial costs, capital expenditures,
working capital, sales and marketing expenses, and general corporate expenses. 

Based
on our current business plan, we believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments together with available borrowings
under the Innovatus Loan Agreement will provide sufficient cash to finance our operations and pay obligations when due through at least
2025. 

Our
expectations as to how long our current capital resources will be sufficient to fund our operations are based on assumptions that may
not be accurate, and we could use our current capital resources sooner than we currently expect. In addition, we may seek to raise additional
capital to finance capital expenditures and operating expenses over the next several years as we launch our integrated therapeutic and
companion diagnostic strategy and expand our infrastructure, commercial operations and research and development activities, and to take
advantage of financing or other opportunities that we believe to be in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. Additional
capital may be raised through the sale of common or preferred equity or convertible debt securities, entry into debt facilities or other
third-party funding arrangements. The sale of equity and convertible debt securities may result in dilution to our stockholders and those
securities may have rights senior to those of our common shares. Agreements entered into in connection with such capital raising activities
could contain covenants that would restrict our operations or require us to relinquish certain rights. Additional capital may not be
available on reasonable terms, or not at all. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 (36,008,171 
 (20,311,940 
 
 Investing activities 
 (144,031,794 
 (81,398 
 
 Financing activities 
 120,325,141 
 93,041,808 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (59,714,824 
 72,648,470 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately 36.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and consisted primarily of a net
loss of approximately 40.4 million and working capital changes of 1.2 million, offset by non-cash expense items of approximately
 5.6 million. Non-cash expense items of approximately 5.6 million primarily consisted of 4.6 million of stock-based compensation expense,
non-cash interest expense of 0.9 million and depreciation expense of 0.2 million. The approximately 1.2 million of working capital
changes was primarily due to an increase in prepaid assets, somewhat offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately 20.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and consisted primarily of a net
loss of approximately 29.6 million, adjusted for non-cash items of approximately 8.5 million and working capital changes of
approximately 0.8 million. Non-cash expense items of approximately 8.5 million consisted of 5.0 million for issuance of common stock
related to a license agreement, stock-based compensation expense of approximately 2.6 million, non-cash interest expense of 0.6 million
and depreciation of approximately 0.3 million. The working capital change of approximately 0.8 million was primarily due to
an increase in accounts payable, slightly offset by an increase in prepaid assets. 

66 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 144.0 million and consisted of approximately
 143.9 million of short-term investments in government securities (U.S. Treasury Bills and U.S. government agency securities) and approximately
 0.1 million in purchases of property and equipment. 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 0.1 million and consisted of purchases of property
and equipment. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 120.3 million. The 120.3 million primarily
consisted of net proceeds from a private placement offering and ATM offering totaling 100.5 million and 19.5 million from net proceeds
related to the closing of a Loan Agreement. The remaining 0.3 million was the result of proceeds from the exercise of employee stock
options and proceeds from employee stock purchases. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 93.0 million. The 93.0 million primarily
consisted of net proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock through two follow-on offerings totaling 78.5 million and 14.4
million from net proceeds related to the closing of a Loan Agreement. The remaining 0.1 million was the result of proceeds from the
exercise of common stock warrants and employee stock options and proceeds from employee stock purchases. 

RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

From
time-to-time new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, or other standard setting
bodies and adopted by us as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed in Note 2 to our financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report, we believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material
impact on our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND USE OF ESTIMATES 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or Generally Accepted Accounted
Principles U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, as well as the reported expenses during the reporting periods. These items are monitored and analyzed by us for changes in
facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances; the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Changes in estimates are reflected
in reported results for the period in which they become known. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates. 

Our
significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Of our significant accounting policies, we believe that the following are the most critical: 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

Our
stock-based compensation consists of common stock options and restricted stock issued to certain employees and nonemployees and our Employee
Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). We recognize compensation expense based on an estimated grant date fair value using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing method. We have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur. 

The
inputs for the Black-Scholes valuation model require management s significant assumptions. Prior to our IPO, the price per share
of common stock was determined by our board based on recent prices of common stock sold in private offerings. Subsequent to the IPO,
the price per share of common stock is determined by using the closing market price on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the grant date. The
risk-free interest rates are based on the rate for U.S. Treasury securities at the date of grant with maturity dates approximately equal
to the expected life at the grant date. The expected life was based on the simplified method in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin Nos. 107 and 110. The expected volatility was estimated based on historical volatility information of peer companies that are
publicly available in combination with our calculated volatility since being publicly traded. 

All
assumptions used to calculate the grant date fair value of nonemployee options are generally consistent with the assumptions used for
options granted to employees. In the event we terminate any of our consulting agreements, the unvested options issued in connection with
such agreements would also be cancelled. 

For
grants of restricted stock, we record compensation expense based on the quoted fair value of the shares on the grant date over the requisite
service period. Compensation expense for ESPP rights is recorded in line with each respective offering period. 

Clinical
Trial Costs 

The
Company records prepaid assets or accrued expenses for prepaid or estimated clinical trial costs conducted by third-party service providers,
which includes the conduct of preclinical studies and clinical trials. These costs can be a significant component of the Company s
research and development expenses. The Company primarily relies on a compilation of progress reports from third-party service providers,
including the respective invoicing, to record actual expenses, along with determining changes to prepaid assets and accrued liabilities.
To date, the company believes utilization of third-party reports most accurately reflects expenses. As the current VIKTORIA-1 Phase 3
trial ramps up site activation and patient enrollment, the Company may need to estimate expenses in future periods and actual services
performed may vary from these estimates. Changes in these estimates that result in material changes to the Company s prepaid assets
or accrued expenses could materially affect the Company s results of operations. 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this item. 

67 

ITEM
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

Stockholders
of Celcuity Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Celcuity Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements
of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31,
2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March
 23, 2023 

PCAOB
 ID: 

68 

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM
1. Financial Statements 

Celcuity
Inc. 

 Balance
Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments 
 
 - 
 
 Deposits 

Deferred transaction costs 

Payroll tax receivable 

Prepaid assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity: 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Finance lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities 
 - 

Operating lease liabilities 

Note payable, non-current 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value: and shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements 

69 

Celcuity
Inc. 

 Statements
of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Loss on sale of fixed assets 
 - 

Other income (expense), net 

Net loss before income taxes 

Income tax benefits 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements 

70 

Celcuity
Inc. 

 Statements
of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

- 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Employee stock purchases 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of common stock warrants 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of common stock options, net of shares withheld for exercise price 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock upon closing of follow-on offerings, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock in an at-the-market ATM offering 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance costs associated with ATM offering 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock warrants, note payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock, licensing agreement 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Employee stock purchases 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of common stock options, net of shares withheld for exercise price 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common and preferred stock upon closing of private placement offering 

- 

Issuance costs associated with private placement offering 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock in an ATM offering 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance costs associated with an ATM offering 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Balance 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements 

71 

Celcuity
Inc. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used for operations: 

Depreciation 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock, licensing agreement 
 - 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and discount 

PIK interest 

Non-cash operating lease, net 

Loss on sale of fixed assets 
 - 

Change in accrued interest income 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Payroll tax receivable 

Prepaid assets and deposits 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used for operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of investments 
 
 - 
 
 Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 
 - 

Net cash used for investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from exercise of common stock warrants 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options 

Proceeds from employee stock purchases 

Proceeds from follow-on offering, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs 
 - 

Proceeds from an ATM offering, net of commission fees and offering costs 

Proceeds from note payable, net of debt issuance and discount costs 

Proceeds from a private placement offering, net of discounts and offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Payments for finance leases 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents: 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred financing costs and offering and registration statement costs included in accounts payable 

Issuance of common stock warrants and final fee recognized as discount to note payable 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements 

72 

CELCUITY
INC. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million in the aggregate, before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses of 
million. The closing followed dosage of the first patient in Celcuity s Phase 3 clinical trial, VIKTORIA-1. 

and , respectively, in business checking accounts and money market funds that are considered cash equivalents and not insured
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 

and 0 , respectively, of
short-term investments. 

- 
 
 Leasehold Improvements 
 - 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
carrying values of cash equivalents, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other financial working capital items approximate fair value
at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, due to the short maturity nature of these items. 

, for the year ended December 31,
2022 and , for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

. 

and ,
respectively, the Company believes that its cash and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund the Company s current operating
plan through at least the next 12 months from the issuance date of this Annual Report. 

and zero shares
of common stock, respectively, options to purchase 
and 
shares of common stock, respectively, warrants to purchase 
and 
shares of common stock, respectively, and 
and 
shares of restricted common stock, respectively. 

In
accordance with ASU 2021-04, for purposes of calculating basic and diluted net loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, the
reported net loss was increased by approximately related to the deemed dividend resulting from the amendment to the warrant
agreement as further discussed in Note 11. This adjustment increased the basic and diluted net loss per share by for the year ending
December 31, 2022. 

- 

U.S. Treasury Notes 

- 

Total 

- 

The
Company had no investments as of December 31, 2021. 

The
fair value of the Company s held-to-maturity debt securities are determined based upon inputs, other than the quoted
prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly and are classified as level 2 fair value instruments. 

and December 31, 2021 was . 

Prepaid research development 

Clinical trial 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total 

Furniture and equipment 

Property and equipment, Gross 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation
expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Clinical trial costs 

Other 

Total 

in the operating right-of-use ROU asset and lease liability. In July 2021, the Company signed the second amendment to extend this lease through April 30, 2023. This amendment
provides for monthly rent, real estate taxes and operating expenses. The Company recorded an incremental in the operating right-of-use ROU asset and lease liability pertaining to this amendment. In July 2022, the Company signed the third amendment to extend
this lease through April 30, 2024. This amendment provides for monthly rent, real estate taxes and operating expenses. The Company recorded
an incremental in the operating right-of-use ROU asset and lease liability pertaining to this amendment. 

In
May 2018, the Company entered into a non-cancelable finance lease agreement for office equipment with a five-year term. The underlying
assets are included in furniture and equipment. The lease contains a bargain purchase option at the end of the lease. 

When
an implicit rate is not provided, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement
date in determining the present value of the lease payments. 

Operating lease liability 

Less: short term portion 

Long term portion 

Finance Lease 

Furniture and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Net book value of property and equipment under finance lease 

Finance lease liability 

Less: short term portion 

Long term portion 
 - 

2024 
 
 - 
 
 Total minimum lease payments 

Less: Present value discount 

Less amount representing services 
 - 

Present value of net minimum lease payments 

Weighted Average 
 Remaining Lease Term 
 Discount Rate 
 
 Operating lease 
 years 

Finance lease 
 years 

Finance lease cost: 

Amortization 

Interest 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Operating cash outflow from finance leases 

Financing cash outflow from finance leases 

Total cash paid for amounts
 included in operating and finance leases 

Clinical
Research Studies 

The
Company enters into contracts in the normal course of business to conduct research and development programs internally and through third
parties that include, among others, arrangements with vendors, consultants, CMO s, and CRO s. The Company currently has four
Phase 2 clinical trial agreements in place to evaluate targeted therapies selected with one of our CELsignia tests. Timing of milestone
payments related to the Phase 2 clinical trials are uncertain and the contracts generally provide for termination following a certain
period after notice, therefore the Company believes that non-cancelable obligations under the agreements are not material. The Company
also has a license agreement in place with Pfizer to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize gedatolisib. In conjunction with
the license agreement, the Company continued a Phase 1b study B2151009 related to gedatolisib. These patients subsequently transitioned
to an Expanded Access study CELC-G-001. Contracts related to the Phase 1B study and the Expanded Access study, are generally
based on time and material. In addition, contracts related to the Company s Phase 3 clinical study (VIKTORIA-1) are generally cancelable
with reasonable notice within 120 days and the Company s obligations under these contracts are primarily based on services performed
through termination dates plus certain cancelation charges, if any, as defined in each of the respective agreements. In addition, these
agreements may, from time to time, be subjected to amendments as a result of any change orders executed by the parties. As of December
31, 2022, the Company had only one material non-cancelable contractual commitment with respect to these arrangements, which totaled approximately
 million. 

shares of par value common stock, of which
 shares were outstanding, and shares of par value preferred stock, of which were outstanding. 

The
authorized number of shares of common stock was increased to shares on May 12, 2022 and to shares on September
1, 2022. On May 16, 2022, the Company designated shares of the authorized preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock Series A Preferred Stock ). Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive
dividends, on an as-if-converted-to-common stock basis, when, as and if, and in the same form as, dividends are actually paid on the
common stock. on an as-converted-to-common stock basis), plus all accrued and unpaid dividends
and (ii) the amount that the holder would have been entitled to receive at such time if the Series A Preferred Stock were converted into
common stock. The Company may not, without the consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
amend its charter in a manner that adversely affects the powers, preferences or rights of the Series A Preferred Stock or issue or obligate
itself to issue shares of any additional class or series of capital stock unless the same ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock
with respect to the distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company and the payment of dividends. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company s authorized capital stock consisted of shares of common stock, of which shares
were outstanding, and shares of preferred stock, including shares designated as Series A Preferred Stock, of which
 shares were outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, no dividends have been declared on the Company s capital stock. 

Sale
and Issuance of Stock 

On
December 9, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock, shares of Series A Preferred Stock and warrants exercisable
for shares of common stock to certain institutional and other accredited investors pursuant to a securities purchase agreement
entered into on May 15, 2022. Pursuant to the securities purchase agreement, the closing (funding) of the private placement occurred
following dosage of the first patient in the Company s Phase 3 study, VIKTORIA-1. Investors purchased shares of common stock and
Series A Preferred Stock at a price of per share (on an as converted to common stock basis), with forty percent warrant coverage
(on an as converted to common stock basis) and customary resale registration rights. The private placement generated gross proceeds of
approximately million before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses of million. 

On
February 4, 2022, the Company entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement SM with Jefferies LLC, as agent Jefferies ),
pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, through Jefferies, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering
price of up to . The Company will pay Jefferies a commission equal to of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale
of such shares. On October 12, 2022, pursuant to the above agreement, the Company sold shares of common stock in a single transaction
at a price of per share, generating gross proceeds of million before deducting commissions and other offering expenses of
 million. 

On
February 26, 2021, the Company completed a follow-on offering in which it sold shares of common stock (including shares
of common stock in connection with the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares) at a public offering
price of per share. The offering generated gross proceeds of approximately million before deducting underwriting discounts
and other offering expenses of approximately million. 

On
April 8, 2021, in conjunction with entering into a license agreement with Pfizer to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize
gedatolisib, the Company issued to Pfizer shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share, for an aggregate
price of million. 

On
July 1, 2021, the Company completed a follow-on offering in which it sold shares of common stock at a public offering price
of per share. The offering generated gross proceeds of approximately million before deducting underwriting discounts and
other offering expenses of approximately million. 

Warrants 

see below 

Total Warrants Outstanding 

On
December 9, 2022, in connection with entering into a securities purchase agreement on May 15, 2022, the Company issued warrants to certain
institutional and other accredited investors to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a price of . The
warrants may be exercised at any time or from time to time on or after the date of issuance and on or before the earlier of (i) 5:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on December 9, 2027 or (ii) seventy-five (75) days after the Company publicly announces (x) whether the progression-free
survival (PFS) of gedatolisib in combination with palbociclib and fulvestrant (Arm A) to fulvestrant (Arm C) in the Phase 3 study met
its primary endpoint target, (y) whether the PFS of gedatolisib in combination with fulvestrant (Arm B) to fulvestrant (Arm C) in the
Phase 3 study met its primary endpoint target, and (z) the associated hazard ratios and median PFS values for each of Arm A, Arm B, and
Arm C. The warrants are equity classified and the million of fair value allocated to the warrants is reflected as Additional Paid-in
Capital. 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company entered into a First Amendment to Representative s Warrant (the Warrant Amendment with Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Craig-Hallum ), amending the terms of that certain Representative s Warrant,
dated September 22, 2017 (the Representative s Warrant issued by the Company to Craig-Hallum in connection with
the Company s initial public offering. Under the terms of the Warrant Amendment, (i) the number of shares of the Company s
common stock issuable upon exercise of the Representative s Warrant was reduced from shares to shares, and (ii)
the exercise period of the Representative s Warrant was extended three years to . There were no other material
amendments or modifications to the Representative s Warrant. The estimated incremental fair value of the Representative s
Warrant at the date of amendment was . As the Company has an accumulated deficit balance in Retained Earnings, the incremental
impact will be recorded as a deemed dividend, classified within Additional Paid-in Capital. 

On
April 8, 2021, in connection with entering into a loan and security agreement with Innovatus Life Sciences Lending Fund I, LP, the Company
issued a warrant to Innovatus to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share.
This warrant is equity classified and the fair value of the warrant was reflected as additional debt discount. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had warrants to purchase and shares of common stock outstanding, at a weighted
average exercise price of and , respectively. A total of and warrants were exercised in the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of common stock for issuance under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. The 2012
Equity Incentive Plan provides for options, restricted stock awards, performance stock awards or stock bonuses. The exercise price of
each option granted under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan is not less than 100 of the fair market value of one share on the date of grant.
The maximum permitted term of options granted under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan is ten years. The Company s board administers
the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan and determines the provisions of incentive awards, including eligible recipients, number of shares subject
to an incentive award, exercise price, vesting schedule, duration of an incentive award and other restrictions an incentive award may
be subject to. The 2012 Equity Incentive Plan was frozen on September 6, 2017 and any new awards will be issued under the terms of the
2017 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan. 

2017
Stock Incentive Plan 

The
2017 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan was adopted by the Company s board on September 6,
2017, became effective following the corporate conversion on September 15, 2017, and was approved by stockholders at the Company s
annual stockholder meeting on May 10, 2018. The 2017 Plan was amended and approved by stockholders at the Company s annual stockholder
meeting on May 14, 2020. The Company initially reserved a maximum of shares of common stock for issuance under the 2017 Plan.
The number of shares reserved for issuance was automatically increased by and shares on January 1, 2022 and 2021, respectively
and will increase automatically on January 1 of each of 2023 through 2027 by the number of shares equal to 1.0 of the aggregate number
of outstanding shares of Company common stock as of the immediately preceding December 31. However, the Company s board may reduce
the amount of the increase in any particular year. At the Annual Meeting held on May 12, 2021 and May 12, 2022, the stockholders approved
a one-time, increase each year for a total of increase, to the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2017
Plan. The 2017 Plan provides for options, restricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance awards
and stock bonuses. The exercise price of each option granted under the 2017 Plan is not less than 100 of the fair market value of one
share on the date of grant. The maximum permitted term of options granted under the 2017 Plan is ten years. The 2017 Plan is generally
administered by the compensation committee of the Company s board, which has the authority to interpret the 2017 Plan, grant awards
and make all other determinations necessary for the administration of the 2017 Plan. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Balance at December 31: 

Options exercisable at December 31: 

Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value for options granted during the period: 

The
Company recognized stock-based compensation expense for stock options of and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. In May 2022, the Company modified the exercise price on stock option awards to , the closing market
price on the Nasdaq Capital Market on May 17,2022. The effect of this modification on stock-based compensation was for the year
ended December 31, 2022. The effect of this modification on stock-based compensation over the remaining service period will be approximately
 . In December 2021, the Company modified the exercise price on stock option awards to , the closing market price
on the Nasdaq Capital Market on December 15, 2021. No director or officer awards were modified. The effect on stock-based compensation
was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effect on stock-based compensation over the
remaining service period will be approximately . In May 2020, the Company modified the exercise price on stock option
awards to , the closing market price on the Nasdaq Capital Market on May 14, 2020. No director or officer awards were modified.
The effect on stock-based compensation was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effect
on stock-based compensation over the remaining service period will be approximately . 

 - 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected life (years) 
 to 
 to 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

The
inputs for the Black-Scholes valuation model require management s significant assumptions. Prior to the Company s initial
public offering, the price per share of common stock was determined by the Company s board based on recent prices of common stock
sold in private offerings. Subsequent to the initial public offering, the price per share of common stock is determined by using the
closing market price on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the grant date. The risk-free interest rates are based on the rate for U.S. Treasury
securities at the date of grant with maturity dates approximately equal to the expected life at the grant date. The expected life is
based on the simplified method in accordance with the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Nos. 107 and 110. The expected volatility is estimated
based on historical volatility information of peer companies that are publicly available in combination with the Company s calculated
volatility since being publicly traded. 

All
assumptions used to calculate the grant date fair value of non-employee options are generally consistent with the assumptions used for
options granted to employees. In the event the Company terminates any of its consulting agreements, the unvested options issued in connection
with the agreements would also be cancelled. 

The
Company had and shares of restricted stock outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and
 and shares of restricted stock vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recognized
stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
total remaining shares available for grant under the Company s 2017 Plan as of December 31, 2022 was . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total estimated compensation cost to be recognized 

2017
Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

The
Company s 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP was adopted by the Company s board on September 6, 2017
and approved by stockholders at the Company s annual stockholder meeting on May 10, 2018. The Company initially reserved a total
of shares for issuance under the ESPP. The number of shares reserved for issuance was automatically increased by and 
shares on January 1, 2022 and 2021, respectively and will increase automatically on each subsequent January 1 by the . However,
the Company s board may reduce the amount of the increase in any particular year. The total remaining shares available for issuance
under the employee stock purchase plan as of December 31, 2022 is . 

The
ESPP provides participating employees with an opportunity to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a discount through
payroll deductions. The ESPP is available to all employees unless they are employed for less than 20 hours per week or own 5 or more
of the total combined voting power or value of the Company s common stock. The ESPP is administered using overlapping 24 month
offering periods, referred to as an Offering Period. Each Offering Period has four six-month purchase periods. A new Offering Period
and purchase period begin every six months on May 1 and November 1 of each year. Participating employees may purchase common stock, on
a voluntary after tax-basis, at a price equal to 85 of the fair market value of a share of common stock on either the offering date
or the purchase date, whichever is lower. If the purchase date has a lower price, the employee will automatically be placed in the Offering
Period beginning immediately after the purchase date. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP of
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

General and administrative 

Total 

million in three tranches consisting of (i) a million non-contingent term A loan that was funded
on April 8, 2021, (ii) a million term B loan with a deadline of March 31, 2022 and (iii) a million term C loan to be funded upon
request, subject to our ability to achieve certain milestones, no later than March 31, 2023 (collectively the Term Loans ). 

The warrants may be
exercised on a cashless basis and are immediately exercisable through the tenth anniversary of the applicable funding date. In connection
with the first tranche of the Term Loans, the Company issued a warrant to Innovatus to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of per share. The Company evaluated the warrant under ASC 470, debt, and recognized an additional
debt discount of approximately million based on the relative fair value of the base instruments and warrants. The Company calculated
the fair value of the warrant using the Black-Scholes model. In connection with the funding of the first tranche of the Term Loans, a
final fee of approximately million was recorded as additional principal as a debt discount, and a facility fee of approximately
 million was recorded as additional debt discount. The Company is also required to maintain a minimum cash balance in agreement with
the term loans default terms. 

On
August 9, 2022, the Company amended the Loan Agreement. Under the amended Loan Agreement, Innovatus, as Lender, has agreed to loan up
to million, a million increase from the original Loan Amount, in five tranches consisting of: (i) a million term A loan that
was funded on April 8, 2021 upon entering into the original Loan Agreement, (ii) a million term B loan to be funded upon request
of the Company no later than December 31, 2022, with such funding conditioned upon the closing of the Company s million private
placement announced on May 16, 2022, (iii) a million term C loan to be funded upon request of the Company no later than April 1,
2024, (iv) a million term D loan to be funded upon request of the Company no later than November 1, 2024, and (v) a million term
E loan to be funded upon request of the Company no later than February 28, 2025. As of December 31, 2022, term loans totaling million
are outstanding under the Loan Agreement, including the initial Term A loan of million which was funded on April 8, 2021, and a 
million Term B loan which was funded on December 22, 2022 following the closing of the million private placement described above.
Funding of the term C, D, and E loans are conditioned upon satisfaction of certain clinical trial milestones and certain financial covenants
determined on a pro forma as-funded basis. In connection with the original and amended Loan Agreement and the funding of the first and
second tranche of the Term Loans, the Company incurred debt issuance costs of approximately million. The debt issuance costs and
the debt discount are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the life of the Term Loans. The carrying
value of the debt approximates fair value as of December 31, 2022. 

Under
the amended Loan Agreement, Innovatus has the right, at its election and until August 9, 2025, the third anniversary of the loan amendment
date, to convert into Common Stock up to 

Subject to certain other conditions, no final fee will be payable after August 9, 2025. The Company has the option
to prepay the loan at any time following the first anniversary of the amended loan agreement date, with tiered prepayment fees ranging
from 0 to 1 based on when the prepayment occurs. Upon a change in control or event of default, mandatory prepayment will be required,
and if such an event occurs prior to the first anniversary of the Amendment date, an additional prepayment fee of applies. 

The
amended Loan Agreement remains secured by all assets of the Company. Proceeds will be used for working capital purposes and to fund the
Company s general business requirements. The amended Loan Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and covenants,
subject to customary carve outs, and includes financial covenants related to or based upon liquidity, trailing twelve months revenue
and the funded loan amounts. 

Add: PIK interest (added to principal) 

Add: final fee 
 - 

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 

Less: unamortized debt discount 

Total long-term debt 

2026 

2027 

Total 

million in upfront fees and issued to Pfizer million of shares of the Company s common stock
pursuant to an Equity Grant Agreement. The upfront payment and the issuance of shares were expensed to research development in
full for the three months ending June 30, 2021. 

The
Company is also required to make milestone payments to Pfizer upon achievement of certain development and commercial milestone events,
up to an aggregate of million. Additionally, the Company will pay Pfizer tiered royalties on sales of gedatolisib at percentages
ranging from the low to mid-teens, which may be subject to deductions for expiration of valid claims, amounts due under third-party licenses
and generic competition. Unless earlier terminated, the license agreement will expire upon the expiration of all royalty obligations.
The royalty period will expire on a country-by-country basis upon the later of (a) 12 years following the date of first commercial sale
of such product in such country, (b) the expiration of all regulatory or data exclusivity in such country for such product or (c) the
date upon which the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale or importation of such product in such country would no longer infringe, but
for the license granted in the license agreement, a valid claim of a licensed patent right. 

The
Company has the right to terminate the license agreement for convenience upon 90 days prior written notice. Pfizer may not terminate
the agreement for convenience. Either the Company or Pfizer may terminate the license agreement if the other party is in material breach
and such breach is not cured within the specified cure period. In addition, either the Company or Pfizer may terminate the license agreement
in the event of specified insolvency events involving the other party. 

State income tax benefit, net of federal tax effect 

Change in valuation allowance on deferred tax assets 

Research Development Credits 

Other permanent items 

Income tax benefits 
 - 
 - 

On
December 22, 2017 H.R. 1, commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, (the Tax Act was enacted. As part of Tax
Act, for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2022, Congress requires taxpayers to capitalize research and experimental expenditures
that qualify as section 174 costs and recover them over 5 years for domestic expenditures, and 15 years for expenditures attributed for
foreign research . 

The
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was signed into law on August 16, 2022. Among other things, the IRA contained
three key changes for corporations a corporate minimum tax, a one percent excise tax on certain stock buybacks and certain clean
energy incentives and initiatives. The enactment of the IRA did not result in any material impact to the Company s income tax provision. 

On
August 9, 2022, President Biden signed the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022 into law, which provides certain financial incentives with the
intention of increasing American semi-conductor research, development and production and promoting domestic scientific and technological
advances. The enactment of the CHIPS did not result in any material impact to the Company s income tax provision. 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The Company s deferred tax assets relate primarily to its net operating
loss carryforwards and other balance sheet basis differences. In accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, the Company recorded
a valuation allowance to fully offset the net deferred tax asset, because it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize
future benefits associated with these deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022. The tax effects of temporary differences and carryforwards
that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets are as follows: 

Share-based compensation 

Property and equipment 

Right-of-use assets 

Lease liability 

IRC 174 Expenditures 
 
 - 
 
 Start-up expenditures 

Net operating losses and tax credits 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million,
respectively. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards for 2017 will begin to expire in the year ending December 31, 2037.
The federal net operating loss carryforwards starting in 2018 have no expiration. These deferred tax assets were subject to a full valuation
allowance as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards resulting in deferred tax assets
of approximately million and million, respectively. The federal and state credit carryforwards will begin to expire in the
years ending December 31, 2038 and December 31, 2033, respectively. These deferred tax assets were subject to a full valuation allowance
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Under
the provisions of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, certain substantial changes in the Company s ownership, including
a sale of the Company, or significant changes in ownership due to sales of equity, may limit in the future the amount of net operating
loss carryforwards available to offset future taxable income. 

The
Company recognizes uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of evaluating whether it is more-likely-than not that
the tax positions will be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. For those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than not recognition
threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement.
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company has no significant uncertain tax positions. There are no unrecognized tax benefits included
on the balance sheet that would, if recognized, impact the effective tax rate. The Company does not anticipate there will be a significant
change in unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 

Prior
to the conversion, Celcuity was a limited liability company and therefore was taxed as a partnership for income tax purposes. Accordingly,
no benefit for income taxes was recorded prior to the conversion. 

For
years prior to 2018, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal or state income tax examinations. The Company s policy is
to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of general and administrative expenses. 

. The commencement of the extended period is May 1, 2024 and will terminate on . This amendment provides for monthly rent, real estate taxes and operating expenses. 

87 

ITEM
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

None. 

ITEM
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures
of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s
management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of
possible controls and procedures. 

Based
on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO 2013 in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that our system of internal control over financial reporting was effective as of such date. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to our designation
as a small reporting company or SRC and Non-Accelerated filer. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes to our system of internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022 and during
the subsequent time period through the filing of this Annual Report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our system of controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. Other Information 

None. 

88 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors 

Brian
F. Sullivan , age 61, is our co-Founder and has served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since we commenced operations
in 2012. Mr. Sullivan has over 30 years of experience founding and building successful, high growth technology companies. He was Chairman
and CEO of SterilMed, a medical device reprocessing company, from 2003, when he led an investment group to acquire a majority interest,
until its sale to Ethicon Endo-Surgery Inc., a Johnson Johnson company, for 330 million in 2011. Previously, he was co-founder
and Chief Executive Officer of Recovery Engineering, a filtration company, which he took public and subsequently sold to Procter 
Gamble for 265 million in 1999. Mr. Sullivan served on the board of directors of Entegris, Inc., a publicly-held company from 2003-2021.
Mr. Sullivan has received nine U.S. patents and has several pending. He graduated magna cum laude with distinction from Harvard
College with an A.B. in economics. Among other attributes, skills, and qualifications, the board of directors believes Mr. Sullivan is
uniquely qualified to serve as a director based on his extensive operational and business development experience, and his knowledge in
building stockholder value, growing a company from inception and navigating significant corporate transactions and the public company
process. 

Lance
G. Laing, Ph.D., age 61, is our co-Founder and has served as Chief Science Officer, Vice President, Secretary and Director since
we commenced operations in 2012. Dr. Laing s career spans more than 20 years in drug discovery research and technology development.
He received his doctorate in biophysics and biochemistry from The Johns Hopkins University and completed a National Institutes of Health
post-doctoral fellowship at Washington University Medical School. He has received 24 U.S. patents and has several U.S. patents pending.
His drug discovery research career began at Scriptgen/Anadys Pharmaceuticals (purchased by Novartis), where he worked under Professor
Peter Kim, who became President of Merck Research. He also was Director of Chemistry and Bioapplications and Director of Detection Product
Development for two companies that each developed instruments similar to those Celcuity uses to perform the CELsignia tests. His work
at these two instrument companies gave him unique expertise and experience in developing a variety of patented applications for these
instruments. Most recently, he served as an executive director for an international drug discovery and development company. Among other
attributes, skills, and qualifications, the board of directors believes Dr. Laing is uniquely qualified to serve as a director based
on his significant research, medical and scientific expertise. 

Richard
E. Buller, M.D., Ph.D., age 73, was appointed to Celcuity s board of directors in December 2019. Dr. Buller has over 15 years
of experience leading oncology clinical development and translational medicine departments at major pharmaceutical companies. He has
participated in the development of 15 drugs and several companion diagnostics that received U.S. FDA approval. Dr. Buller most recently
served as Head Oncology Clinical Development and Vice President of Translational Oncology at Pfizer, Inc, one of the world s largest
pharmaceutical companies, until he retired in 2016. He had previously served as Vice President of Translational Medicine at Exelixis,
a leading biopharmaceutical company, where he led efforts to study patients selected by molecular testing for inclusion in their phase
2 and phase 3 clinical trials. He began his pharmaceutical company career at GlaxoSmithKline as Director of the Oncology Medicine Development
Center. Prior to his leadership positions in drug development, he was Professor of Gynecologic Oncology at the University of Iowa, where
he led laboratory research focused on identifying genomic variants involved in ovarian cancer. He received his M.D. from the Baylor College
of Medicine, where he also received his Ph.D. in cell biology. Among other attributes, skills, and qualifications, the board of directors
believes Dr. Buller is uniquely qualified to serve as a director based on his oncology drug and diagnostic development expertise. 

David
F. Dalvey , age 64, has served as a member of Celcuity s board of directors since February 2014. Mr. Dalvey has more than 30
years of experience in the fields of corporate finance and venture capital, working primarily with growth-oriented technology and life-science
businesses. He has over 10 years of corporate finance advisory experience with two national investment banks, completing over 150 individual
transactions. He has been the General Partner of Brightstone Venture Capital, a venture capital management company, since September 2000.
Brightstone is a 25-year old venture capital management company that has raised and managed ten venture partnerships. Previously, he
held management positions with R.J. Steichen and Company, an investment bank, from 1995 to 2000, The Food Fund LP, a venture capital
firm, from 1992 to 1995 and Wessels, Arnold Henderson, an investment bank, from 1987 to 1992. Mr. Dalvey served on the board of
directors for Navarre Corporation (now Speed Commerce, Inc.) from 2009 until November 2012, on the board of managers for Blue Rock Market
Neutral Fund, a mutual fund registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 from 2000 to 2014 and on the board of directors for Digitiliti,
Inc. from July 2011 until October 2012. Mr. Dalvey has significant operational exposure as a board director or advisor to many other
public and privately held growth businesses and has served on these companies audit, strategic or governance committees, including
companies such as HomeSpotter, Definity Health, AppTec Laboratories, CHF Solutions, BiteSquad, Agiliti, and Nature Vision. Mr. Dalvey
received a B.S. in Business/Management Economics from University of Minnesota. Among other attributes, skills, and qualifications, the
board of directors believes Mr. Dalvey is uniquely qualified to serve as a director based on his leadership experience in operating both
public and private companies and his experience working in the investment community and with investment firms enable him to bring valuable
insight and knowledge to our board of directors. 

89 

Leo
T. Furcht, M.D., age 76, was appointed to Celcuity s board of directors in May 2019. Dr. Furcht is currently Allen-Pardee Professor
of Cancer Biology and Head of the Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology at the University of Minnesota and a member of the
Division of Molecular Pathology and Genomics. He served as Chairman of the Board of Directors for University of Minnesota Physicians,
the Medical School practice plan with approximately 700 physicians, from 2004-2014. He was also the founding Director of the Biomedical
Engineering Center from 1990-2001, where he led efforts to establish stem cell and molecular diagnostics expertise at the University
of Minnesota. He has published more than 180 scientific papers and holds more than 30 patents in the fields of polypeptides, biomaterials,
and adult stem cells. His business experience includes co-founding two medical technology companies, South Bay Medical, a medical device
company that was acquired by Mentor Corporation, and Diascreen, a diagnostics company, which was later acquired by Chronimed. Among other
attributes, skills, and qualifications, the board of directors believes Dr. Furcht is uniquely qualified to serve as a director based
on his research in tumor cell behavior and extracellular matrix proteins, Head of the University of Minnesota s Department of Laboratory
Medicine and Pathology, and his experience in several biotechnology start-ups. 

Polly
A. Murphy, D.V.M., Ph.D., age 58, was appointed to Celcuity s board of directors in September 2022. Dr. Murphy has served as
Chief Business Officer at UroGen Pharma, Inc. since August 2020. Prior to that, Dr. Murphy served in various leadership roles at Pfizer,
Inc. from September 2012 to August 2020, including as Vice President and Head of Commercial Development Pfizer Oncology Business Unit
from January 2019 to August 2020, Vice President and Head of Global Marketing and Commercial Development, Pfizer Oncology Business Unit
from June 2017 to December 2018, and as Vice President and Head of Strategy and Business Development for Pfizer China from November 2013
to May 2018. Since August 2020, Dr. Murphy as served on the board of directors of Atea Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a publicly held company.
Dr. Murphy received her D.V.M. and Ph.D. from Iowa State University and her M.B.A. from Nova Southeastern University. Among other attributes,
skills, and qualifications, the board of directors believes Dr. Murphy is uniquely qualified to serve as a director based on her significant
medical and scientific expertise and experience in the pharmaceutical industry in business development and commercialization. 

Richard
J. Nigon , age 75, is currently Senior Vice President of Cedar Point Capital, LLC., a private company that raises capital for early-stage
companies, where he has served since 2007. Mr. Nigon has also been a board member for Northern Technologies International Corp. since
February 2010, including its non-executive Chairman of the board of directors since November 2012. Mr. Nigon also serves as a director
of several private companies. Mr. Nigon previously served as a board member for Tactile Systems Technology from September 2012 to May
2022, Vascular Solutions, Inc. from November 2000 to February 2017, when it was acquired by Teleflex, Incorporated and as a board member
for Virtual Radiologic Corporation from May 2007 until it was acquired in July 2010. From February 2001 until December 2006, Mr. Nigon
was a Director of Equity Corporate Finance for Miller Johnson Steichen Kinnard, a privately held investment firm, which was acquired
in December 2006 by Stifel Nicolaus, a brokerage and investment banking firm. After that acquisition, Mr. Nigon became a Managing Director
of Private Placements of Stifel Nicolaus until May 2007. From February 2000 to February 2001, Mr. Nigon served as the Chief Financial
Officer of Dantis, Inc., a web hosting company. Prior to joining Dantis, Mr. Nigon was employed by Ernst Young LLP from 1970 to
2000, where he served as a partner from 1981 to 2000. While at Ernst Young, Mr. Nigon served as the Director of Ernst Young s
Twin Cities Entrepreneurial Services Group and was the coordinating partner on several publicly-traded companies in the consumer retailing
and manufacturing sectors. Among other attributes, skills, and qualifications, the board of directors believes Mr. Nigon is qualified
to serve as a director because of his extensive public accounting and auditing experience, including particular experience with emerging
growth companies. The board of directors also believes that Mr. Nigon will bring to the board of directors a strong background in financial
controls and reporting, financial management, financial analysis, SEC reporting requirements and mergers and acquisitions. His strategic
planning expertise gained through his management and leadership roles at private investment firms also makes him well-suited to serve
as a member of the board of directors. 

Executive
Officers 

Information
regarding our Chief Executive Officer, Brian F. Sullivan, and our Chief Science Officer, Lance G. Laing, PhD., is included above under
the heading Directors . 

90 

Vicky
Hahne , age 56, joined as our Chief Financial Officer in July 2017. She has more than 25 years of financial leadership experience,
including the most recent 15 years in the healthcare industry. Prior to joining Celcuity, Ms. Hahne served as Controller of Respiratory
Technologies Inc., a medical device manufacturer, from 2015 to 2017. While at Respiratory Technologies, she played a key role in the
due diligence process to sell the company to Koninklijke Philips. In 2014, she served as Controller for Ability Network Inc., a healthcare
information technology company. From 2007 to 2012, Ms. Hahne served as Controller of SterilMed Inc., a medical device reprocessing company,
where she was significantly involved in the sale of the company to Johnson Johnson. Prior to these roles, Ms. Hahne held several
senior financial positions at SimonDelivers Inc., including Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Hahne has extensive experience in early stage,
high growth companies with responsibilities including financial controls and stewardship, financial analysis, mergers and acquisitions,
building infrastructure and systems. She received a B.S. degree in Finance and Accounting from Northern State University and received
her CPA certificate in 1990. 

Corporate
Governance 

Our
board of directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees. This code
is available on the corporate governance section of our website (which is a subsection of the investor relations section of our website)
at the following address: www.celcuity.com. We intend to disclose on our website any amendments or waivers to the Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics that are required to be disclosed by SEC rules. 

Additional
information required by this Item 10 will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this Item 11 will be contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this Item 12 will be contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this Item 13 will be contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
information required by this Item 14 will be contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

91 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Item 
 
 Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 68 
 
 Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 69 
 
 Statements of Operations Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 70 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 71 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 72 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 73 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

None. 

EXHIBITS

See
Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

92 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated:
 March 23, 2023 
 CELCUITY INC. 

By 
 /s/
 Brian F. Sullivan 

Brian
 F. Sullivan 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Brian F. Sullivan and Vicky Hahne as the undersigned s true and lawful
attorneys-in fact and agents, each acting alone, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s
name, place and stead, in any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto,
and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granted unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents,
each acting alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and
about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming
all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
thereof. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/
 Brian F. Sullivan 
 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Brian
 F. Sullivan 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Vicky Hahne 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Vicky
 Hahne 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Lance G. Laing 
 
 Chief
 Science Officer, Vice President and Secretary, and 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Lance
 G. Laing 
 
 Director 

/s/
 Richard E. Buller 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Richard
 E. Buller 

/s/
 Dave F. Dalvey 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Dave
 F. Dalvey 

/s/
 Leo T. Furcht 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Leo
 T. Furcht 

/s/
 Polly A. Murphy 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Polly
 A. Murphy 

/s/
 Richard J. Nigon 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Richard
 J. Nigon 

93 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

CELCUITY
INC. 

FORM
10-K 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Form of Plan of Conversion (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on September 12, 2017). 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended, including the Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 13, 2017). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Certificate representing shares of common stock of Celcuity Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on September 12, 2017). 

4.2 
 
 Description of Registered Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2020). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Units of Membership Interest issued by Celcuity LLC to Cedar Point Capital, LLC, as placement agent of membership units and unsecured convertible promissory notes of Celcuity LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 23, 2017). 

4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock issued by Celcuity Inc. in connection with the conversion of 1.25 Unsecured Convertible Promissory Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 25, 2017). 

4.5 
 
 Representative s Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 25, 2017). 

4.6 
 
 First Amendment to Representative s Warrant, dated September 13, 2022, between Celcuity Inc. and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2022). 

4.7 
 
 Form of Warrant issued by Celcuity Inc. to Innovatus Life Sciences Lending Fund I, LP in connection with the Loan and Security Agreement dated April 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 8, 2021). 

4.8 
 
 Equity Grant Agreement, dated April 8, 2021, between the Company and Pfizer, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 8, 2021). 

4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant issued by Celcuity Inc. in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 18, 2022). 

10.1+ 
 
 Celcuity Inc. 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on September 12, 2017). 

10.2+ 
 
 Celcuity Inc. Amended and Restated 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 14, 2020). 

10.3+ 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to Celcuity Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on September 12, 2017). 

94 

10.4+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to Celcuity Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on September 12, 2017). 

10.5+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to Celcuity Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on September 12, 2017). 

10.6+ 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement pursuant to Celcuity Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on September 12, 2017). 

10.7+ 
 
 Celcuity LLC 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, adopted August 10, 2012, as amended by First Amendment to the Celcuity LLC 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, adopted November 12, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 23, 2017). 

10.8+ 
 
 Form of Incentive Plan Unit Option Agreement pursuant to the Celcuity LLC 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 23, 2017). 

10.9 
 
 Commercial Lease, dated September 28, 2017, between West Glen Development I, LLC and Celcuity, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 13, 2017). 

10.10 
 
 Commercial Lease, First Amendment to Lease, dated July 28, 2020, between West Glen Development I, LLC and Celcuity Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020). 

10.11 
 
 Commercial Lease, Second Amendment to Lease, dated July 19, 2021, between West Glen Development I, LLC and Celcuity Inc., incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 11, 2021. 

10.12 
 
 Commercial Lease, Third Amendment to Lease, dated July 27, 2022, by and between Celcuity Inc. and West Glen Development I, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2022). 

10.13 
 
 Commercial Lease, Fourth Amendment to Lease, dated March 13, 2023, by and between Celcuity Inc. and West Glen Development I, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2023). 

10.14 
 
 Clinical Trial Agreement, dated May 8, 2017, between NSABP Foundation, Inc. and Celcuity LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 23, 2017). 

10.15 
 
 Clinical Trial Agreement, Amendment No. 1, between NSABP Foundation, Inc and Celcuity Inc., dated October 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021). 

10.16+ 
 
 Confidentiality, Assignment of Inventions and Non-Competition Agreement, dated November 15, 2011, between Celcuity LLC and Brian F. Sullivan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 23, 2017). 

10.17+ 
 
 Confidentiality, Assignment of Inventions and Non-Competition Agreement, dated November 15, 2011, between Celcuity LLC and Lance G. Laing (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 23, 2017). 

10.18+ 
 
 Confidentiality, Non-Compete and Proprietary Rights Agreement, dated May 17, 2017, between Celcuity LLC and Vicky Hahne (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 23, 2017). 

10.19 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Celcuity Inc. and each of its officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on September 12, 2017). 

95 

10.20 
 
 License Agreement, dated April 8, 2021, by and between the Company and Pfizer, Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 11, 2021). 

10.21 
 
 Amendment to License Agreement, dated May 6, 2021, by and between the Company and Pfizer, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 11, 2021). 

10.22 
 
 Open Market Sale Agreement SM , dated February 4, 2022, by and between Celcuity Inc., and Jefferies LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022). 

10.23 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 15, 2022, by and among the Registrant and the Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 18, 2022). 

10.24 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 15, 2022, by and among the Registrant and the Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 18, 2022). 

10.25 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2021, by and between the Company and Innovatus Life Sciences Lending Fund I, LP. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 11, 2021). 

10.26 
 
 The First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated August 9, 2022, by and among the Company and Innovatus Life Sciences Lending Fund I, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 11, 2022). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Boulay PLLP. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer required by Rule 13a-14(a). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of principal financial officer required by Rule 13a-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal executive officer. 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal financial officer. 

101 
 
 Financial
 statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted, in Inline XBRL: (i)
 the Balance Sheets, (ii) the Statements of Operations, (iii) the Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (iv) the Statements
 of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 
 
 + 
 Management
 contract or compensatory plan. 

Certain
 portions have been omitted from this exhibit. 

96 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
have issued our report dated March 23, 2023, with respect to the financial statements included in the Annual Report of Celcuity Inc.
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
of Celcuity Inc. on Form S-8 (Reg. Nos. 333-221117, 333-238787, 333-253940, 333-256500, 333-265328 and 333-270238) and on Form S-3 (Reg.
No. 333-227466, 333-254625, and 333-261155 and 333-269090). 

/s/
 Boulay PLLP 

Minneapolis,
Minnesota 

March
23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Brian F. Sullivan, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Celcuity Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
 make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
 period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 
 By 
 /s/
 Brian F. Sullivan 

Brian
 F. Sullivan 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Vicky Hahne, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Celcuity Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
 make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
 period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 
 By 
 /s/
 Vicky Hahne 

Vicky
 Hahne 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report by Celcuity
Inc. Registrant ), I, Brian F. Sullivan, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Registrant. 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 
 
 By 
 /s/
 Brian F. Sullivan 

Brian
 F. Sullivan 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report by Celcuity
Inc. Registrant ), I, Vicky Hahne, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Registrant. 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 
 
 By 
 /s/
 Vicky Hahne 

Vicky
 Hahne 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 celc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 celc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 celc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 celc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

