<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1720635_0001720635-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16938426</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>762519</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2759665</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7008639</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3177711</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2902129</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001720635-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228164317
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001720635-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			nVent Electric plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001720635
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIAL INDUSTRY MACHINERY (NO METALWORKING MACHINERY) [3550]
		IRS NUMBER:				981391970
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			L2
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38265
		FILM NUMBER:		23686352

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THE MILLE
		STREET 2:		1000  GREAT WEST ROAD, 8TH FLOOR (EAST)
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			TW8 9DW
		BUSINESS PHONE:		763-204-7700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O NVENT MANAGEMENT COMPANY
		STREET 2:		1665 UTICA AVE., SUITE 700
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS PARK
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55416

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001720635-23-000009.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 nvt-20221231.htm
 10-K

nvt-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 
 
 nVent Electric plc 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification number) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: - - 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of 31.33 per share as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of Registrant's most recently completed second quarter): . 
 The number of shares outstanding of Registrant's only class of common stock on December 31, 2022 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

nVent Electric plc 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Page PART I ITEM 1. Business 
 1 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 6 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 18 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 
 PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 ITEM 6. Reserved 
 23 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 40 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 79 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 79 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 79 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 79 
 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 80 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 80 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 80 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 81 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 81 
 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 82 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 84 
 Signatures 
 85 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 nVent Electric plc is a leading global provider of electrical connection and protection solutions. We believe our inventive electrical solutions enable safer systems and ensure a more secure world. We design, manufacture, market, install and service high performance products and solutions that connect and protect mission critical equipment, building and essential processes. We offer a comprehensive range of enclosures, electrical fastening solutions and thermal management solutions across industry-leading brands that are recognized globally for quality, reliability and innovation. 
 
 Our broad range of products and solutions connect and protect our customers mission-critical equipment from hazardous conditions, improving their utilization, lowering costs and minimizing downtime. The cost of our products typically represents a small proportion of the total cost of our customers end systems. We also are a small cost relative to the potential cost of failure that our products help avoid. We have a portfolio of premier, industry-leading brands, including nVent CADDY, ERICO, HOFFMAN, RAYCHEM, SCHROFF and TRACER, some of which have a history spanning over 100 years, that cover a wide range of verticals, including Industrial, Commercial Residential, Infrastructure and Energy. 
 
 Unless the context otherwise indicates, references herein to "nVent," the "Company," and such words as "we," "us," and "our" include nVent Electric plc and its consolidated subsidiaries. Our principal office is in London, United Kingdom and our management office in the United States ("U.S.") is in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The Company was incorporated in Ireland on May 30, 2017. Although our jurisdiction of organization is Ireland, we manage our affairs so that we are centrally managed and controlled in the United Kingdom (the "U.K.") and have our tax residency in the U.K. 
 
 HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT 
 On April 30, 2018, Pentair plc ("Pentair") completed the separation of its Water business and its Electrical business into two independent, publicly-traded companies (the "separation"). To effect the separation, Pentair distributed to its shareholders one ordinary share of nVent for every ordinary share of Pentair held as of the record date of April 17, 2018. As a result of the distribution, nVent became an independent publicly-traded company and began trading under the symbol "NVT" on the New York Stock Exchange on May 1, 2018. 
 
 Our roots within Pentair trace back to the acquisition of Federal-Hoffman Corporation in 1988, which included the nVent HOFFMAN enclosures brand. From that starting point, we have grown both organically and via acquisition. Our Enclosures business first applied lean principles within the organization in the 1990s, leveraging its culture of customer service and operational excellence. In 2012, Pentair merged with Tyco International Ltd. s Flow Control division, which included our Thermal Management business and the nVent RAYCHEM brand, a global leader in heat tracing solutions. In 2015, Pentair acquired ERICO Global Company, a leading global manufacturer of superior engineered electrical and fastening products, which operates as our Electrical Fastening Solutions business, broadening our product offering and enabling us to provide additional global solutions to our combined customers. 
 
 We are One nVent , with a unified focus on commercial excellence, digital transformation, scaled and integrated technology, and global presence and capabilities. As we continue scaling our capabilities under our umbrella brand of nVent, we expect to expand our products and solutions and to continue to differentiate our company by creating solutions that solve problems for our customers. 
 
 Our Spark management system defines how we operate. The five elements of Spark are People, Growth, Lean, Digital and Velocity. Together, they provide the mindset and operating system to propel the success of our company. Spark supports the high performance culture we are building at nVent. 
 People are at the core of Spark, positively impacting our business and growing their careers. 
 Growth is the foundation of Spark, driving shareholder, customer and employee value. 
 Lean is the relentless pursuit of eliminating waste and increasing velocity. 
 Digital transforms our products and how we do business, improving both customer and employee experiences. 
 Velocity is increasing speed in all we do for each other and our customers. 

1 

BUSINESS AND PRODUCTS 
 We operate across three segments: Enclosures, Electrical Fastening Solutions and Thermal Management. The following is a brief description of each of the Company's reportable segments and business activities. 
 
 Enclosures 
 Our Enclosures business provides innovative solutions to connect and protect critical electronics, communication, control and power equipment. We are a leader in the enclosures sector, and our key brands, nVent HOFFMAN and SCHROFF, have a long history of solving customers problems by providing high quality solutions. We also are a leading data solutions provider. Our cooling, power distribution and enclosures solutions manage power and create protected operating environments for mission critical applications. 
 
 nVent HOFFMAN provides trusted enclosure solutions for challenging operating environments and is one of the largest brands of enclosures in North America and a leader globally. The offerings connect and protect through reliable solutions that protect, power and cool equipment used by panel builders, original equipment manufacturers and directly by other end-users, including customized products. The nVent HOFFMAN brand is over 75 years old and is recognized for delivering superior design, testing, certification and overall product quality. nVent HOFFMAN s product customization and global footprint, along with reputation, have helped it garner long-standing relationships with many of the world s largest industrial companies. 
 
 nVent SCHROFF provides highly-customized and technologically-advanced enclosures. These products connect and protect mission-critical electronics and communications equipment by providing a wide range of innovative standard products and customized solutions. nVent SCHROFF s innovation is demonstrated by its constant flow of new product designs, including a focus on smart products capable of providing connectivity and remote management. The nVent SCHROFF brand is a leader due to its product flexibility and customer-first focus. 
 
 Electrical Fastening Solutions 
 Our Electrical Fastening Solutions business provides fastening solutions that connect and protect electrical and mechanical systems and civil structures. 
 
 We are a global leader in fastening solutions with spring steel and specialty metal fixings and reinforced steel connections, and our products are primarily marketed under the nVent CADDY brand. Our products reduce total installed cost by ease of installation, provide design flexibility and increase structural integrity in electrical and mechanical fastening applications through inventive products and solutions and customer intimacy. These products are targeted towards commercial and industrial verticals with applications in fire seismic, data telecommunications, electrical fastening and heating, ventilation and air conditioning. These products are primarily used by electricians, telecommunications installers and roof top contractors. 
 
 We are also a global leader in bonding, grounding, lightning protection and low voltage power distribution products and solutions. These products are primarily marketed under the nVent ERICO brand. We offer a comprehensive range of facility electrical connection and protection solutions to protect against electrical transients to improve safety and reliability of electrical systems. Our products reduce total cost of ownership and provide design flexibility by offering maintenance free and reliable products and global end-user application expertise and intimacy. These products are targeted towards commercial, infrastructure and industrial verticals with applications in telecommunication, power distribution and facility electrical protection. These products and solutions are primarily used by electricians, panel builders, energy contractors and lightning protection installers. 
 
 Thermal Management 
 Our Thermal Management business provides electric thermal solutions that connect and protect critical buildings, infrastructure, industrial processes and people. Its highly reliable and easy-to-install solutions lower total cost of ownership to building owners, facility managers, operators and end users. Thermal Management s products have been installed in some of the world s most iconic buildings. 
 
 For industrial and energy, we provide industrial heat-tracing and wiring, control and monitoring, sensing, engineering and construction services under industry leading nVent RAYCHEM and TRACER brands, primarily serving chemical and other industries. Products and solutions include heat tracing for freeze protection and process temperature maintenance, temperature control and monitoring systems, heat-traced tubing bundles, instrument winterization and tank heating systems. For commercial, residential and infrastructure, we provide products and services primarily under our nVent RAYCHEM brand. Applications include pipe freeze protection, roof and gutter deicing, surface snow melting, hot water temperature maintenance, floor heating, fire rated wiring and leak detection for healthcare, recreation, hospitality, commercial offices and education facilities. 
 
 2 

Competition 
 The markets for our products and services are geographically diverse and highly competitive. We compete against large and well-established national and global companies, as well as regional and local companies and lower-cost manufacturers. Some of our competitors, in particular smaller companies, attempt to compete based primarily on price, localized expertise and local relationships. The number and size of competitors vary considerably depending on the product line. 
 
 Our success depends on a variety of factors, including technical expertise, reputation for quality and reliability, timeliness of delivery, new product innovation, previous installation history, contractual terms and price. As many of our products sell through electrical distributors, data center contractors, original equipment manufacturers and maintenance contractors, our success also depends on building and partnering with a strong channel and distribution network. 
 
 Seasonality 
 We generally experience increased demand for Electrical Fastening Solutions products during the spring and summer months in the Northern Hemisphere and increased demand for Thermal Management products and services during the fall and winter months in the Northern Hemisphere. 
 
 Backlog of Orders by Segment December 31 In millions 2022 2021 change change Enclosures 361.9 296.2 65.7 22.2 Electrical Fastening Solutions 78.7 70.8 7.9 11.2 Thermal Management 166.7 191.5 (24.8) (13.0) Total 607.3 558.5 48.8 8.7 
 
 A substantial portion of our revenues result from orders received and products delivered in the same month. Our backlog typically has a short manufacturing cycle and products generally ship within 90 days of the date on which a customer places an order. However, a portion of our backlog, particularly from orders for major capital projects, can take more than one year depending on the size and type of order. We record as part of our backlog all orders from external customers, which represent firm commitments, and are supported by a purchase order or other legitimate contract. We expect the majority of our backlog at December 31, 2022 will be shipped in 2023. 
 
 Raw materials 
 The principal materials we use in manufacturing our products are mild steel, stainless steel, electronic components, plastics (resins, fiberglass, epoxies), copper and paint (powder and liquid). In addition to the purchase of raw materials, we purchase some finished goods for distribution through our sales channels. 
 
 We purchase the materials we use in various manufacturing processes on the open market and the majority is available through multiple sources which are in adequate supply. We have certain long-term commitments, principally price commitments, for the purchase of various component parts and raw materials and believe that it is unlikely that any of these agreements would be terminated prematurely. Alternate sources of supply at competitive prices are available for most materials for which long-term commitments exist and we believe that the termination of any of these commitments would not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 See Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this Form 10-K for additional information on risks related to supply chain and inflation. 
 
 Intellectual property 
 Patents, non-compete agreements, proprietary technologies, customer relationships, trademarks, trade names and brand names are important to our business. However, we do not regard our business as being materially dependent upon any single patent, non-compete agreement, proprietary technology, customer relationship, trademark, trade name or brand name. 
 
 Patents, patent applications and license agreements will expire or terminate over time by operation of law, in accordance with their terms or otherwise. We do not expect the termination of patents, patent applications or license agreements to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 3 

Captive insurance subsidiary 
 We insure certain general and product liability, property, workers' compensation and automobile liability risks through our regulated wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, Tonka Bay Insurance Company ("Tonka Bay"). Reserves for policy claims are established based on actuarial projections of ultimate losses. Accruals are established with respect to liabilities insured by third parties, such as liabilities arising from acquired businesses, pre-Tonka Bay liabilities and those of certain non-U.S. operations. 
 Matters pertaining to Tonka Bay are discussed in ITEM 3, included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL MATTERS 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 10,400 people worldwide, of which approximately 35 are located in the U.S. Outside the U.S., we have employees in certain countries, particularly in Europe, that are represented by an employee representative organization, such as a union, works council or employee association. 
 
 Inclusion and Diversity 
 We are an equitable, inclusive and diverse company. We believe that the unique contributions of individuals with varying backgrounds and experiences will benefit our businesses. Guided by our Win Right values, we are committed to creating a workplace culture where everyone is included and respected. Our Code of Conduct outlines our commitment to equal opportunity and fair treatment for all. We do not tolerate acts of harassment, including any conduct or statements made on the basis of protected status that are intimidating, hostile or abusive. 
 
 Our leaders actively support and encourage employee development and engagement, including through our CEO Inclusion Council and an active Inclusion Diversity Advisory Council. These councils promote inclusion across all dimensions of diversity. 
 
 We also support our Employee Resource Groups ERGs ), which were created organically by our employees and which provide a support system to foster awareness, promote inclusion and respect and provide a sounding board on strategic initiatives for nVent. Open to all employees, the ERGs are designed to create connections and opportunities for development, training and community involvement. In 2022, we had approximately 1,000 members globally in our ERGs. 
 
 All of our executive officers have diversity action plans for their business segments and functions, highlighting focused efforts on improving human capital metrics, engagement and a deeper awareness of inclusion diversity. 
 
 Global Gender Diversity In The Workplace, as based on EEO-1 Report categories (as of December 31, 2022): 
 38 of our executive leadership team are female; 62 are male 
 26 of our global management team are female; 74 are male 
 25 of all other employees are female; 75 are male 
 
 In 2021, we launched a formal Supplier Diversity program which promotes engagement, growth and innovation through diverse business relationships. Since then, we have trained many internal stakeholders on Supplier Diversity and created supporting tools and resources for our sourcing teams. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We strive to offer our employees across the world comprehensive benefit programs that reflect the market practices in their country of employment. We participate in and review remuneration surveys from leading, independent consultants for all of our countries so that we have the information to set competitive wages and salaries. 
 
 We are dedicated to providing equitable compensation as a commitment to our people. By focusing on equitable pay, we enhance our ability to grow, retain and motivate diverse employees on our team. We believe diverse teams drive innovation, connection and growth for our employees. 
 
 As part of this commitment to our people, we conduct pay parity reviews of our compensation systems. The goal of these reviews is to ensure internal pay alignment and equitable treatment for employees, as well as providing competitive and performance-based pay. 

4 

Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") Scorecard 
 In 2021, we introduced a People and Culture Scorecard performance metric in our annual incentive compensation plan for management employees. To broaden the focus of the scorecard and further align with our ESG goals reported in our 2021 ESG Report, we renamed it the ESG Scorecard for the 2022 plan year. The scorecard focuses on five quantitative metrics to help drive year-over-year improvement in the following categories: 
 Inclusion Index score from our employee engagement survey and two employee pulse surveys 
 Diverse candidate slates 
 Global gender representation for our professional and management populations 
 U.S. racial representation for our professional and management populations 
 Reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO 2 emissions 
 
 Additional details on our ESG Scorecard will be provided in our annual Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders. 
 
 Employee Engagement and Development 
 We believe it is important to hear from our employees to learn about what we are doing well, and where we can become stronger. In 2022, we completed our third global Employee Engagement Survey with targeted questions about inclusion and our strengths as an employer. All employees were invited to participate in the survey and provide confidential feedback. We had an 82 participation rate, and achieved a two point favorability increase in employee satisfaction compared to our 2020 survey. All of our people managers were required to share survey results with their teams, and develop action plans to address specific areas of improvement. In addition, throughout 2022, we conducted two pulse surveys with questions focused on our Inclusion Index and employee satisfaction. Results from each of the pulse surveys were shared with people managers, who were encouraged to discuss results and potential improvement areas with their teams. As part of our annual goal planning process, all of our people managers were assigned a people manager goal focused on engaging and developing their employees. Action items in the people manager goal included: completing all performance processes including goal setting, mid-year, and annual reviews on time; creating an action plan from the 2022 employee engagement survey results; ensuring new employees complete one nVent culture training; supporting an increase in the diversity of our candidate slates; and helping to ensure that people managers and their direct reports completed all ethics and compliance training on time. 
 
 We are also focused on the well-being of our employees. Well-being was identified as an area of focus following our 2022 employee engagement survey. During 2022, we launched the Employee Assistance Programs ("EAPs") in all of our global locations. Our EAPs provides free, confidential resources to employees who may be experiencing personal difficulties and need help navigating through them. There is no charge for employees or their household family members to use the program, which provides support for a range of topic, from stress-related challenges to substance abuse, financial concerns to legal matters. Also in 2022, we launched an Employee Relief Fund to provide opportunities for employees to support each other during difficult times. The fund provides financial assistance to eligible employees worldwide who experience an unforeseen disaster or hardship and allows all nVent employees to support their coworkers through donations to the fund. The fund operates through donations from nVent and individual employees. Employee donations are eligible for matching through our nVent in Action program. 
 
 We continued our efforts to develop our people throughout 2022, with focused efforts on developing our leaders. Throughout 2022, our senior level employees participated in McKinsey s Connected Leadership Academies, and our early- to mid-career employees participated in their Management Accelerator programs. We offer internal leadership development programs to team leads, people leaders, and senior level leaders. We focus on growing our leaders through coaching and feedback with enterprise-wide, and senior level mentorship programs. We also offer a rotational program for early career hires to grow in their careers. We continue to grow our leaders in leading through change and transition. Lastly, we launched a revised performance process within the U.S. for our hourly production employees, and expect to launch the revised process throughout the globe so that our leaders continue to regularly engage with their employees to discuss performance, development and career aspirations. 
 
 Code of Conduct Training 
 We released a refreshed Code of Conduct in June 2022. Our updated Code of Conduct reinforces our strong foundation and reflects our evolving culture by integrating emerging areas such as our commitment to ESG and Inclusion Diversity. Our Code of Conduct training was offered in 12 different languages to employees in 36 countries. Topics included nVent s Code of Business Conduct Ethics, Creating an Inclusive Environment, and Conflicts of Interest. In 2022, we completed the training with a 100 completion rate among professional employees. Additionally, we launched role-based training in the areas of Bribery, Kickbacks, Gifts Hospitality, Conflicts of Interest and Data Privacy. In 2022, we trained 60 of our offline, factory 
 5 

team members globally on our Code of Conduct. In 2022, we launched targeted training to managers in our North American plants to reinforce their responsibility on creating an ethical culture and how to respond to concerns raised by employees. 
 
 We provide multiple ways for employees to ask for help and report misconduct and illegal or unethical behavior, including doing so anonymously. A Helpline is available on our website (www.nventethics.com) and is available 24/7 and accessible in over 200 languages. We are committed to investigating and responding to reported concerns. nVent prohibits retaliation against anyone who raises concerns or makes good-faith reports regarding possible breaches of law, policy or ethical violations. 
 
 Workplace Health and Safety 
 The safety and well-being of our employees is our top priority. We are committed to preventing workplace injuries and maintaining a positive, healthy work environment. We encourage our employees to put safety first, speak up when they observe unsafe conditions or behaviors and follow all safety practices. We expect our employees to maintain a workplace free from illegal or controlled substances, weapons or potentially dangerous devices, and we strive for all nVent locations to meet or exceed all applicable Environmental, Health, and Safety ("EHS") requirements. We utilize a common safety standard identified within our EHS Lean Assessment highlighting expectations surrounding management commitment, employee engagement, metrics, regulatory compliance and hazard control. 
 
 We monitor and track health and safety data, including employee injuries, environmental releases and regulatory inspections. Additionally, we assess the EHS maturity of our locations by measuring progress against nVent's EHS Lean Assessment and Standards and region specific regulatory compliance evaluations, as well as nVent's employee driven risk notification program. Results are reviewed monthly to reduce recordable injury rates and to drive improvement within our EHS programs. Globally, we have adopted guidelines from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA in the United States to determine recordable injuries. 
 
 We have achieved a strong safety track record through employee engagement, behavior based safety and proactive risk management. 
 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 We make available free of charge (other than an investor's own Internet access charges) through our Internet website http://www.nvent.com our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Reports of beneficial ownership filed by our directors and executive officers pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act are also available on our website. We are not including the information contained on our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 You should carefully consider all of the information in this document and the following risk factors before making an investment decision regarding our securities. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statement are made in this document. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 
 General global economic and business conditions affect demand for our products. 
 We compete in various geographic regions and product markets around the world. Among these, the most significant are global industrial markets and commercial markets. We expect to experience fluctuations in revenues and results of operations due to economic and business cycles. Important factors for our business and the businesses of our customers include the overall strength of the economy and our customers confidence in the economy, industrial and governmental capital spending, the strength of the commercial market, unemployment rates, availability of commercial financing, interest rates and energy and commodity prices. Recessions, economic downturns, inflation, slowing economic growth and social and political instability in the industries and/or markets where we compete could negatively affect our revenues and financial performance in future periods, result in future restructuring charges, and adversely impact our ability to grow or sustain our business. For example, current macroeconomic and political instability caused by global supply chain disruptions, inflation, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, have and could continue to adversely impact our results of operations. The businesses of many of our industrial customers are to varying degrees cyclical and have experienced periodic downturns. In addition, demand for a portion of our products and services depends upon the level of capital expenditure by companies in the energy industry, which depends, in part, on prices of oil and gas, which are volatile and declines in such prices may result in 
 6 

suspensions or delays in large capital projects within the energy sector. While we attempt to minimize our exposure to economic or market fluctuations by serving a balanced mix of end markets and geographic regions, any of the above factors, individually or in the aggregate, or a significant or sustained downturn in a specific end market or geographic region could reduce demand for our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We compete in attractive markets with a high level of competition, which may result in pressure on our profit margins and limit our ability to maintain or increase the market share of our products. 
 The markets for our products and services are geographically diverse and highly competitive. We compete against large and well-established national and global companies, as well as regional and local companies and lower-cost manufacturers. We compete based on technical expertise, reputation for quality and reliability, timeliness of delivery, previous installation history, contractual terms and price. Some of our competitors, in particular smaller companies, attempt to compete based primarily on price, localized expertise and local relationships. In addition, economic downturns could adversely affect pricing as market participants compete more aggressively on price. If we are unable to continue to differentiate our products, services and solutions, or if our pricing is adversely impacted or we incur additional costs to remain competitive, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our future growth is dependent upon our ability to adapt our products, services and organization to meet the demands of local markets in both developed and emerging economies and by developing or acquiring new technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins. 
 We operate in global markets that are characterized by customer demand that is often global in scope but localized in delivery. We compete with thousands of smaller regional and local companies that may be positioned to offer products produced at lower cost than ours, or to capitalize on highly localized relationships. Also, in several emerging markets potential customers prefer local suppliers, in some cases because of existing relationships and in other cases because of local legal restrictions or incentives that favor local businesses. In addition, we need to be flexible to adapt our products to ever changing customer preferences, including those relating to regulatory, climate change and social responsibility matters. Accordingly, our future success depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to adapt our products, services, organization, workforce and sales strategies to fit localities throughout the world, particularly in high-growth emerging markets; identify emerging technological and other trends in our target end markets; and develop or acquire competitive products and services and bring them to market quickly and cost-effectively. The failure to effectively adapt our products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We may not be able to identify, finance and complete suitable acquisitions and investments, and any completed acquisitions and investments could be unsuccessful or consume significant resources. 
 Our business strategy includes acquiring businesses and making investments that complement our existing business. We expect to analyze and evaluate the acquisition of strategic businesses or product lines with the potential to extend or strengthen our industry position or enhance our existing set of product and service offerings. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, obtain financing or have sufficient cash necessary for acquisitions or successfully complete acquisitions in the future. Acquisitions and investments may involve significant cash expenditures, debt incurrences, equity issuances, operating losses and expenses. Acquisitions involve numerous other risks, including: 
 
 diversion of management time and attention from daily operations; 
 
 difficulties integrating acquired businesses, technologies and personnel into our business; 
 
 difficulties in obtaining and verifying the financial statements and other business information of acquired businesses; 
 
 inability to obtain required regulatory approvals; 
 
 potential loss of key employees, key contractual relationships or key customers of acquired companies or of ours; 
 
 assumption of the liabilities and exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies; and 
 
 dilution of interests of holders of nVent ordinary shares through the issuance of equity securities or equity-linked securities. 
 
 It may be difficult for us to complete transactions quickly and to integrate acquired operations efficiently into our business operations. Any acquisitions or investments may not be successful and may ultimately result in impairment charges and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 7 

We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our business initiatives. 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we continued execution of certain business restructuring initiatives aimed at reducing our fixed cost structure and realigning our business. In order to align our resources with our growth strategies, operate more efficiently and control costs, we may periodically announce in the future restructuring plans, which may include workforce reductions, global plant closures and consolidations, asset impairments and other cost reduction initiatives. As these plans and actions are complex, we may not be able to achieve the operating efficiencies to reduce costs or realize benefits that were anticipated in connection with these initiatives. If we are unable to execute these initiatives as planned, we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We may experience material cost and other inflation. 
 During 2022, we experienced inflationary increases of raw materials, logistics and labor costs due to availability constraints and high demand, and we expect inflationary cost increases to continue in 2023. We strive for productivity improvements and implement increases in selling prices to help mitigate cost increases in raw materials, freight, energy, wage and other costs such as pension, health care and insurance. We continue to implement operational initiatives in order to mitigate the impact of this inflation and continuously reduce our costs. However, these actions may not be successful in managing our costs or increasing our productivity. Continued cost inflation or failure of our initiatives to increase prices, generate cost savings or improve productivity could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 A disruption in the availability, price or quality of products or materials that we manufacture and source from various countries throughout the world could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with global manufacturing and sourcing. We use a variety of raw materials in the production of our products including steel, electronic components, plastics, copper and paints. We also purchase certain electrical and electronic components and packaging materials from a number of suppliers. During 2021 and 2022, we experienced supply chain challenges, including increased lead times, due to availability constraints and high demand, and we expect supply chain pressures to continue in 2023. Although we regularly monitor the financial health and operations of companies in our supply chain, and use alternative suppliers when necessary and available, supply chain constraints could cause a disruption in our ability to obtain raw materials or components required to manufacture our products and adversely affect our operations. Significant shortages in the availability of these materials or price increases could increase our operating costs and adversely impact the competitive positions of our products. We rely on materials, components and finished goods that are sourced from or manufactured outside the U.S., including Mexico, China and other countries, and these countries may experience political or trade instability, which could disrupt our supply of products or materials. We rely on our suppliers to produce high quality materials, components and finished goods according to our specifications. Although we have quality control procedures in place, there is a risk that products may not meet our specifications which could impact our ability to ship quality products to our customers on a timely basis. 
 
 Our backlog may fluctuate and material amounts of cancellations or reductions of orders or a failure to deliver our backlog on time could affect our future sales. 
 Our backlog is comprised of the portion of firm signed purchase orders or other written contractual commitments received from customers that we have not recognized as revenue. Backlog may increase or decrease based on the addition of large multi-year projects and their subsequent completion. Backlog may also be favorably or unfavorably affected by foreign currency rate fluctuations. The dollar amount of backlog as of December 31, 2022 was 607.3 million. The timing of our recognition of revenue out of our backlog is subject to a variety of factors that may cause delays, many of which, including fluctuations in our customers delivery schedules, are beyond our control. Such delays may lead to significant fluctuations in results of operations from quarter to quarter, making it difficult to predict our financial performance on a quarterly basis. Further, while we have historically experienced few order cancellations and the amount of order cancellations has not been material compared to our total contract volume, if we were to experience a significant amount of cancellations of or reductions in purchase orders, it would reduce our backlog and, consequently, our future sales and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our future revenue depends in part on our ability to bid and win new contracts. 
 Our future revenue and overall results of operations require us to successfully bid on new contracts and, in particular, contracts for large greenfield projects, which are frequently subject to competitive bidding processes. Our revenue from major projects depends in part on the level of capital expenditures in some of our principal end markets, including the energy, chemical processing and power generation industries. The number of such projects we win in any year fluctuates, and is dependent upon the number of projects available and our ability to bid successfully for such projects. Contract proposals and negotiations are complex and frequently involve a lengthy bidding and selection process, which is affected by a number of factors, such as competitive position, market conditions, financing arrangements and required governmental approvals. If negative market 
 8 

conditions arise, or if we fail to secure adequate financial arrangements or required governmental approvals, we may not be able to pursue particular projects or win new contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by epidemics or pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 We may face risks related to health epidemics and pandemics or other outbreaks of communicable diseases. A public health epidemic or pandemic, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, poses the risk that our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers and other business partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities, or that such epidemic or pandemic may otherwise interrupt or impair business activities. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to cause disruption to the global economy, including in the regions in which we, our suppliers, distributors, business partners, and customers do business. We continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic, and while periodic local increases and decreases in COVID-19 cases are likely, generally the restrictions due to and in response to the pandemic continue to relax in most locations. However, the COVID-19 pandemic and efforts to manage it, including those by governmental authorities, have had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on the global economy and our business in many ways, including global supply chain shortages for materials and component parts used in our products and associated escalating prices. In addition to supply shortages, constrained transportation capacities have led to significant price increases in transportation costs. We expect to continue to be affected by supply chain issues due to factors largely beyond our control, including, a global shortage of components used in our products, a strain on raw materials and cost inflation, all of which could escalate in the future. 
 Although economic conditions have generally improved since the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, the strength of the economic recovery is uncertain and may vary across industries, customers and from country to country. The ultimate extent and robustness of any economic recovery from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic imposes a significant degree of uncertainty and complexity, and may adversely affect our operations, customer demand and our costs of production. Failure of economic recovery to continue and adverse or weakening economic conditions may also result in deterioration in the collection of customer accounts receivable, as well as a reduction in sales. The foregoing and other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic could have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein and any of these impacts could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are exposed to political, regulatory, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business. 
 Sales outside of the U.S. for the year ended December 31, 2022 accounted for approximately 37 of our net sales. Further, our business obtains some products, components and raw materials from non-U.S. suppliers. Accordingly, our business is subject to the political, regulatory, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. These risks include: 
 
 the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other trade restrictions; 
 
 changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where we operate, particularly in emerging markets; 
 
 relatively more severe economic conditions in some international markets than in the U.S.; 
 
 the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through non-U.S. legal systems; 
 
 the difficulty of communicating and monitoring standards and directives across our global facilities; 
 
 trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements and restrictions; 
 
 the possibility of terrorist action or military conflict affecting us or our operations; 
 
 the threat of nationalization and expropriation; 
 
 difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations in non-U.S. labor markets; 
 
 changes in tax treaties, laws or rulings that could have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate; 
 
 limitations on repatriation of earnings; 
 
 9 

the difficulty of protecting intellectual property in non-U.S. countries; and 
 
 changes in and required compliance with a variety of non-U.S. laws and regulations. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks. We cannot assure you that these and other factors will not have a material adverse effect on our international operations or on our business as a whole. 
 
 Our dependence on subcontractors and third party suppliers and manufacturers with respect to projects could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We often rely on third party subcontractors as well as third party suppliers and manufacturers to complete projects. To the extent that we cannot engage subcontractors or acquire supplies or materials from third parties for these projects, our ability to complete a project in a timely fashion or at a profit may be impaired. If the amount we are required to pay for these goods and services exceeds the amount we have estimated in bidding for fixed-price contracts, we could experience losses on these contracts. In addition, if a subcontractor, supplier or manufacturer is unable to deliver its services or materials according to the negotiated contract terms for any reason, including the deterioration of its financial condition or over-commitment of its resources, we may be required to purchase the services or materials from another source at a higher price. This may reduce the profit to be realized or result in a loss on a project for which the services or materials were needed. 
 
 Intellectual property challenges may hinder our ability to develop, engineer and market our products. 
 Patents, non-compete agreements, proprietary technologies, customer relationships, trademarks, trade names and brand names are important to our business. Intellectual property protection, however, may not preclude competitors from developing products similar to ours or from challenging our names or products. Our pending patent applications, and our pending copyright and trademark registration applications, may not be allowed or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our patents, copyrights or trademarks. In addition, our patents, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not provide us a significant competitive advantage. Furthermore, participants in our markets may use challenges to intellectual property as a means to compete. Patent and trademark challenges increase our costs to develop, engineer and market our products. We may need to spend significant resources monitoring our intellectual property rights and we may or may not be able to detect infringement by third parties. If we fail to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights or register new patents, our competitive position could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We have significant goodwill and intangible assets and future impairment of our goodwill and intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on at least an annual basis, and more frequently if circumstances warrant, by comparing the estimated fair value of our reporting unit to its respective carrying values on its balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, our goodwill and intangible assets were 3.2 billion and represented 66 of our total assets. Changes in economic and operating conditions impacting the assumptions used in our impairment tests could result in future goodwill and intangible asset impairment expense. 
 
 Risks Relating to Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Matters 
 
 Changes in U.S. and foreign government administrative policy, including changes to existing trade agreements and U.S government sanctions, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 As a result of changes to U.S. and foreign government administrative policy, there may be changes to existing trade agreements, greater restrictions on free trade generally, significant increases in tariffs on goods imported into the U.S. particularly tariffs on products manufactured in China, Canada and Mexico, among other possible changes. 
 
 In addition, from time to time, the U.S. government has imposed sanctions restricting U.S. companies from conducting business with specified non-U.S. individuals and companies. For example, the U.S. government has imposed sanctions through several executive orders and legislation restricting U.S. companies from conducting business with specified Russian and Ukrainian individuals and companies. The sanctions imposed by the U.S. government may be expanded in the future to restrict or further restrict us from engaging with customers or vendors. If we are unable to conduct business with new or existing customers or vendors or pursue business opportunities in Russia or Ukraine, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 10 

Changes in U.S. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories and countries where we currently manufacture and sell products, and any resulting negative sentiments towards the U.S. as a result of such changes, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-corruption laws outside the U.S. or international trade compliance regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate in many parts of the world that are recognized as having governmental and commercial corruption and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Because many of our customers and end users are involved in infrastructure construction and energy production, they are often subject to increased scrutiny by regulators. 
 Further, our global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders on a regular basis. Certain of the products we manufacture are dual use products, which are products that may have both civil and military applications, or may otherwise be involved in weapons proliferation, and are often subject to more stringent export controls. From time to time, we may obtain or receive information alleging improper activity in connection with imports or exports. 
 Our policies mandate strict compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including those pertaining to anti-corruption, anti-bribery and trade. However, even when we are in strict compliance with law and our policies, we may suffer reputational damage if certain of our products are sold through various intermediaries to entities operating in sanctioned countries. We cannot assure that our internal control policies and procedures will always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or third-party intermediaries. In the event that we believe or have reason to believe that our employees or agents have or may have violated applicable laws, we may be required to investigate or have outside counsel investigate the relevant facts and circumstances, which can be expensive and require significant time and attention from senior management. Violations of these laws may require self-disclosure to governmental agencies and result in criminal or civil sanctions, which could disrupt our business, cause denial of import or export privileges, and result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are exposed to potential environmental laws, liabilities and litigation. 
 We are subject to U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations governing our environmental practices, public and worker health and safety, and the indoor and outdoor environment. Compliance with these environmental, health and safety regulations could require us to satisfy environmental liabilities, increase the cost of manufacturing our products or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any violations of these laws by us could cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities. We are also required to comply with various environmental laws and maintain permits, some of which are subject to renewal from time to time, for many of our businesses and we could suffer if we are unable to renew existing permits or to obtain any additional permits that we may require. Compliance with environmental requirements also could require significant operating or capital expenditures or result in significant operational restrictions. We cannot assure you that we have been or will be at all times in compliance with environmental and health and safety laws. If we violate these laws, we could be fined, criminally charged or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. 
 
 We have been named as defendant, target or a potentially responsible party ("PRP") in a number of environmental cleanups relating to our current or former business units. We may be named as a PRP at other sites in the future for existing business units, as well as both divested and acquired businesses. In addition to clean-up actions brought by governmental authorities, private parties could bring personal injury or other claims due to the presence of, or exposure to, hazardous substances. Certain environmental laws impose liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances at their properties or at properties at which they have disposed of hazardous substances. The cost of clean-up and other environmental liabilities can be difficult to accurately predict. In addition, environmental requirements change and tend to become more stringent over time. Our eventual environmental clean-up costs and liabilities could exceed the amount of our current reserves. 
 
 We may incur significant costs in our efforts to successfully avoid, manage, defend and litigate intellectual property matters. 
 From time to time, we receive notices from third parties alleging intellectual property infringement. Any dispute or litigation involving intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming due to the complexity and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation. Our intellectual property portfolio may not be useful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of infringement or misappropriation. In addition, as a result of such claims, we may lose our rights to utilize critical technology, may be required to pay substantial damages or license fees with respect to the infringed rights or may be 
 11 

required to redesign our products at a substantial cost, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change and other sustainability matters. 
 Climate change is receiving ever increasing attention worldwide. Many scientists, legislators and others attribute global warming to increased levels of greenhouse gases, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") has published findings that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane, and other greenhouse gases ("GHGs") present an endangerment to public health and the environment because emissions of such gases are, according to the EPA, contributing to the warming of the earth's atmosphere and other climate changes. Based on these findings, the EPA has implemented regulations that require reporting of GHG emissions, or that limit emissions of GHGs from certain mobile or stationary sources. In addition, the U.S. Congress and federal and state regulatory agencies have considered other legislation and regulatory proposals to reduce emissions of GHGs, and many states have already taken legal measures to reduce emissions of GHGs, primarily through the development of GHG inventories, GHG permitting and/or regional GHG cap-and-trade programs. It is uncertain whether, when and in what form a federal mandatory carbon dioxide emissions reduction program, or other state programs, may be adopted. Similarly, certain countries have adopted the Kyoto Protocol and in February 2021 the U.S. rejoined the Paris Accord, and these and other existing international initiatives or those under consideration could affect our international operations. To the extent our customers, particularly our energy and industrial customers, are subject to any of these or other similar proposed or newly enacted laws and regulations, we are exposed to risks that the additional costs incurred by customers to comply with such laws and regulations could impact their ability or desire to continue to operate at similar levels in certain jurisdictions as historically seen or as currently anticipated, which could negatively impact their demand for our products and services. These actions could also increase costs associated with our operations, including costs for raw materials and transportation. Because it is uncertain what laws will be enacted, we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws on our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In addition, as part of our strategy regarding climate change and sustainability matters, we have set and may set additional targets aimed at reducing our impact on the environment and climate change and/or targets relating to other sustainability matters. Actions we take to achieve our targets or strategy could result in increased costs to our operations. We may not be able to achieve such targets or our desired impact, and any future investments we make in furtherance of achieving such targets and strategy may not meet investor expectations or standards regarding sustainability performance. Moreover, we may determine that it is in the best interest of our company and our shareholders to prioritize other business, social, governance or sustainable investments over the achievement of our current targets based on economic, regulatory and social factors, business strategy or pressure from investors or other stakeholders. In addition, investors and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on ESG matters, and as stakeholder ESG expectations and standards are evolving, we may not be able to sufficiently respond to these evolving standards and expectations. Furthermore, we could be criticized for the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure of our ESG initiatives. If we are unable to meet our targets or successfully implement our strategy or our ESG reporting is inaccurate or incomplete, then we could suffer from reputational damage and incur adverse reaction from investors and other stakeholders, which could adversely impact the perception of our brands and our products and services by current and potential investors and customers, which could in turn adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Increased cybersecurity threats and computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services, which expose us to potential regulatory, financial and reputational risks. 
 We rely upon information technology systems and networks in connection with a variety of business activities, some of which are managed by third parties. As our business increasingly interfaces with employees, customers, distributors and suppliers using information technology systems and networks, we are subject to an increased risk to the secure operation of these systems and networks. Our evolution into smart products and Internet of Things subjects us to increased cyber and technology risks. The secure operation of these information technology systems and networks is critical to our business operations and strategy. 
 Cybersecurity threats from user error to attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks and data are increasing in frequency and sophistication. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of the data we process and maintain and pose a risk of theft to our assets. Establishing systems and processes to address these threats and changes in legal requirements relating to data collection and storage may increase our costs. We have experienced cyber security incidents, and, although we have determined such cybersecurity incidents to be immaterial and such incidents have not had a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, there can be no assurance of similar results in the future. Should future attacks succeed, it could expose us and our employees, customers, distributors and suppliers to the theft of assets, misuse of information or systems, the compromising of confidential information, manipulation and destruction of data, product failures, production downtimes and operations disruptions. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, such cybersecurity incidents could result in litigation, 
 12 

regulatory action and potential liability and the costs and operational consequences of implementing further cybersecurity measures. 
 
 Changes in data privacy laws and our ability to comply with them could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We collect and store data that is sensitive to us and our employees, customers, dealers and suppliers. A variety of state, national, foreign and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal and other data. Many foreign data privacy regulations, including the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR in the European Union and the United Kingdom, are more stringent than federal regulations in the United States. Within the United States, many states are considering adopting, or have already adopted privacy regulations, including, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act. These laws and regulations are rapidly evolving and changing, and could have an adverse effect on our operations. Companies obligations and requirements under these laws and regulations are subject to uncertainty in how they may be interpreted by courts and governmental authorities. The costs of compliance with, and the other burdens imposed by, these and other laws or regulatory actions may increase our operational costs, and/or result in interruptions or delays in the availability of systems. In the case of non-compliance with these laws, including the GDPR, regulators have the authority to levy significant fines. In addition, if there is a breach of privacy, we may be required to make notifications under data privacy laws or regulations, or could become subject to litigation. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We may be negatively impacted by litigation, including product liability claims. 
 We are currently, and may in the future become, subject to litigation and other claims. We have been made parties to a number of actions filed or have been given notice of potential claims relating to the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to commercial disputes, product liability, asbestos, environmental, safety and health, patent infringement and employment matters. The outcome of such legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and some may be disposed of unfavorably to us. Our business exposes us to potential litigation, such as product liability claims relating to the design, manufacture and sale of our products. While we currently maintain what we believe to be suitable product liability insurance, we may not be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms and this insurance may not provide adequate protection against potential or previously existing liabilities. In addition, we self-insure a portion of product liability claims. Successful claims against us for significant amounts could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Risks Relating to Financial Markets and Our Debt and Liquidity 
 Volatility in currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Sales outside of the U.S. for the year ended December 31, 2022 accounted for approximately 37 of our net sales. Our financial statements reflect translation of items denominated in non-U.S. currencies to U.S. dollars. Therefore, if the U.S. dollar strengthens in relation to the principal non-U.S. currencies from which we derive revenue as compared to a prior period, our U.S. dollar-reported revenue and income will effectively be decreased to the extent of the change in currency valuations and vice-versa. For the year ended December 31, 2022, foreign currency translations had a 4 negative impact on our net sales. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, most notably the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the euro, could have a material adverse effect on our reported revenue and income in future periods. 
 
 Disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect us, our customers and our suppliers by increasing funding costs or reducing availability of credit. 
 In the normal course of our business, we may access credit markets for general corporate purposes, which may include repayment of indebtedness, acquisitions, additions to working capital, repurchase of shares, capital expenditures and investments in our subsidiaries. Although we expect to have sufficient liquidity to meet our foreseeable needs, our access to and the cost of capital could be negatively impacted by disruptions in the credit markets, which have occurred in the past and made financing terms for borrowers unattractive or unavailable. These factors may make it more difficult or expensive for us to access credit markets if the need arises. In addition, these factors may make it more difficult for our suppliers to meet demand for their products or for prospective customers to commence new projects, as customers and suppliers may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing. Disruptions in the financial markets in the past have had adverse effects on other areas of the economy and have led to a slowdown in general economic activity that may adversely affect our businesses. One or more of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 13 

Covenants in our debt instruments may adversely affect us. 
 Our credit agreements and indentures contain customary financial covenants, including those that limit the amount of our debt, which may restrict the operations of our business and our ability to incur additional debt to finance acquisitions. Our ability to meet the financial covenants can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot provide assurance that we will meet those tests. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit agreements or indentures. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under any of our credit facilities or indentures, the lenders or trustees could elect to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable and, in the case of credit facility lenders, terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If the lenders or trustees accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot provide assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay our credit facilities and our other indebtedness. Furthermore, acceleration of any obligation under any of our material debt instruments will permit the holders of our other material debt to accelerate their obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 Our indebtedness, and any future increase in debt or raising of additional capital, could affect our financial condition, and may decrease our profitability. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.1 billion of total debt outstanding. If we are not able to repay or refinance our debt as it becomes due, we may be forced to sell assets or take other disadvantageous actions, including (i) reducing financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes or (ii) dedicating an unsustainable level of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness. The lenders who hold such debt could also accelerate amounts due, which could potentially trigger a default or acceleration of any of our other debt. 
 
 Further, we may increase our debt or raise additional capital in the future, subject to restrictions in our debt agreements. If our cash flow from operations is less than we anticipate, if our cash requirements are more than we expect, or if we intend to finance acquisitions, we may require more financing. However, debt or equity financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. If we incur additional debt or raise equity through the issuance of additional capital shares, the terms of the debt or capital shares issued may give the holders rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our ordinary shares, particularly in the event of liquidation. The terms of the debt may also impose additional and more stringent restrictions on our operations than we currently have. If we raise funds through the issuance of additional equity, the percentage ownership of existing shareholders in our company would decline. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, our financial condition could be adversely affected. Unfavorable changes in the ratings that rating agencies assign to our debt may ultimately negatively impact our access to the debt capital markets and increase the costs we incur to borrow funds. If ratings for our debt are downgraded, our access to the debt capital markets may become restricted. Additionally, our credit agreements generally include an increase in interest rates if the ratings for our debt are downgraded. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Jurisdiction of Incorporation in Ireland and Tax Residency in the U.K. 
 
 We are subject to changes in law and other factors that may not allow us to maintain a worldwide effective corporate tax rate that is competitive in our industry. 
 While we believe that we should be able to maintain a worldwide effective corporate tax rate that is competitive in our industry, we cannot give any assurance as to what our effective tax rate will be in the future, because of, among other things, uncertainty regarding the tax policies of the jurisdictions where we operate. Our actual effective tax rate may vary from our expectation and that variance may be material. Also, the tax laws of the U.S. (in particular with respect to full realization of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022), the U.K., Ireland and other jurisdictions could change in the future, and such changes could cause a material change in our worldwide effective corporate tax rate. In particular, legislative action could be taken by the U.S., the U.K., Ireland or the European Union which could override tax treaties or modify tax statutes or regulations upon which we expect to rely and adversely affect our effective tax rate. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals. If proposals were enacted that had the effect of disregarding our incorporation in Ireland or limiting our ability as an Irish company to maintain tax residency in the U.K. and take advantage of the tax treaties among the U.S., the U.K. and Ireland, we could be subject to increased taxation, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or our effective tax rate in future reporting periods. 
 
 A change in our tax residency could have a negative effect on our future profitability, and may trigger taxes on dividends or exit charges. 
 We are incorporated in Ireland and we are an Irish tax resident under Irish domestic law unless we are regarded as being resident elsewhere (and not Ireland) under the terms of a double tax treaty. Under domestic U.K. law, a company that is centrally managed and controlled in the U.K. is regarded as resident in the U.K. for taxation purposes unless it is treated as resident in another jurisdiction pursuant to any appropriate double tax treaty with the U.K. Other jurisdictions may also seek to assert taxing jurisdiction over us. 
 
 14 

Effective for tax periods beginning on or after November 1, 2019, where a company is treated as tax resident under the domestic laws of both the U.K. and Ireland, the Double Tax Convention between the U.K. and Ireland (the Convention signed on June 2, 1976, and as modified by paragraph 1 of Article 4 of the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (the Multilateral Instrument or MLI provides that the residence of a dual-resident entity should be determined by way of mutual agreement between the Irish Revenue Commissioners and His Majesty s Revenue Commissioners. The tie-breaker test provides that, in cases of dual residence, the competent authorities of the two states shall determine by mutual agreement the territory of which the person shall be deemed to be resident for purposes of the Convention. 
 
 Our application under the Mutual Agreement Procedure provided for in Article 24 of the Convention (as amended pursuant to the MLI) seeking confirmation that we will continue to be tax resident solely in the U.K. was approved by the competent authorities of the U.K. and Ireland effective December 31, 2019. 
 
 It is possible that in the future, whether as a result of a change in law or the practice of any relevant tax authority or as a result of any change in the conduct of our affairs, we could become, or be regarded as having become, resident in a jurisdiction other than the U.K. If we cease to be resident in the U.K. and become resident in another jurisdiction, we may be subject to U.K. exit charges, and could become liable for additional tax charges in the other jurisdiction (including dividend withholding taxes or corporate income tax charges). If we were to be treated as resident in more than one jurisdiction, we could be subject to taxation in multiple jurisdictions. If, for example, we were considered to be a tax resident of Ireland, we could become liable for Irish corporation tax and any dividends paid by us could be subject to Irish dividend withholding tax. 
 
 Legislative action in the U.S. could materially adversely affect us. 
 Legislative or administrative action may be taken by the U.S. Congress or U.S. Treasury which, if ultimately enacted or finalized, could limit the availability of tax benefits or deductions that we currently claim, override tax treaties upon which we rely, or otherwise affect the taxes that the U.S. imposes on our worldwide operations. Such changes could materially adversely affect our effective tax rate and/or require us to take further action, at potentially significant expense, to seek to preserve our effective tax rate. 
 
 Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the U.S. and may afford less protection to holders of our securities. 
 It may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the U.S. against us in Ireland based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws. In addition, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Ireland would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on the civil liabilities provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws or hear actions against us or those persons based on those laws. We have been advised that the U.S. currently does not have a treaty with Ireland providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on U.S. federal or state securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Ireland. 
 
 As an Irish company, we are governed by the Companies Act 2014, which differs in some material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations and shareholders, including, among others, differences relating to interested director and officer transactions and shareholder lawsuits. Likewise, the duties of directors and officers of an Irish company generally are owed to the company only. Shareholders of Irish companies generally do not have a personal right of action against directors or officers of the company and may exercise such rights of action on behalf of the company only in limited circumstances. Accordingly, holders of our securities may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would holders of securities of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the U.S. 
 
 In addition, our articles of association provide that the Irish courts have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any and all derivative actions in which a holder of nVent ordinary shares asserts a claim in the name of nVent, actions asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty of any of the directors of nVent and actions asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of Irish law or our articles of association. Under Irish law, the proper claimant for wrongs committed against nVent, including by our directors, is considered to be nVent itself. Irish law permits a shareholder to initiate a lawsuit on behalf of a company such as nVent only in limited circumstances and requires court permission to do so. 
 
 Transfers of nVent ordinary shares may be subject to Irish stamp duty. 
 Transfers of nVent ordinary shares effected by means of the transfer of book entry interests in the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") will not be subject to Irish stamp duty. However, if you hold your nVent ordinary shares directly, rather than beneficially through DTC, any transfer of your nVent ordinary shares could be subject to Irish stamp duty (currently at the rate of 1 percent of the higher of the price paid or the market value of the shares acquired). Payment of Irish stamp duty is generally a legal obligation of the transferee. 
 15 

We currently intend to pay (or cause one of our affiliates to pay) stamp duty in connection with share transfers made in the ordinary course of trading by a seller who holds shares directly to a buyer who holds the acquired shares beneficially. In other cases we may, in our absolute discretion, pay (or cause one of our affiliates to pay) any stamp duty. Our constitution provides that, in the event of any such payment, we (i) may seek reimbursement from the buyer, (ii) will have a lien against the shares acquired by such buyer and any dividends paid on such shares and (iii) may set-off the amount of the stamp duty against future dividends on such shares. Parties to a share transfer may assume that any stamp duty arising in respect of a transaction in nVent ordinary shares has been paid unless one or both of such parties is otherwise notified by us. 
 
 nVent ordinary shares, received by means of a gift or inheritance, could be subject to Irish capital acquisitions tax. 
 Irish capital acquisitions tax CAT could apply to a gift or inheritance of nVent ordinary shares irrespective of the place of residence, ordinary residence or domicile of the parties. This is because nVent ordinary shares will be regarded as property situated in Ireland. The person who receives the gift or inheritance has primary liability for CAT. Gifts and inheritances passing between spouses are exempt from CAT. Children have a tax-free threshold which Irish Revenue typically updates annually in respect of taxable gifts or inheritances received from their parents. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Our share price may fluctuate significantly. 
 We cannot predict the prices at which nVent ordinary shares may trade. The market price of nVent ordinary shares may fluctuate widely, depending on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations due to factors related to our business; 
 
 success or failure of our business strategy; 
 
 our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in our industry; 
 
 our ability to obtain third-party financing as needed; 
 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; 
 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
 
 changes in earnings estimates by us or securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 
 
 the operating and share price performance of other comparable companies; 
 
 investors' perceptions of us; 
 
 natural or other environmental disasters that investors believe may affect us; 
 
 overall market fluctuations; 
 
 results from any material litigation, including government investigations or environmental liabilities; 
 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; and 
 
 general economic conditions and other external factors. 
 
 Stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our share price. 
 
 Our success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel. 
 Our ability to sustain and grow our business requires us to hire, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse management team and workforce. Failure to ensure that we have the depth and breadth of personnel with the necessary skill set and experience, or the loss of key employees, could impede our ability to deliver our growth objectives and execute our strategy. 
 
 16 

Catastrophic and other events beyond our control may disrupt operations at our manufacturing facilities and those of our suppliers, which could cause us to be unable to meet customer demands or increase our costs or reduce customer spending. 
 If operations at any of our manufacturing facilities or those of our suppliers were to be disrupted as a result of significant equipment failures, natural disasters, earthquakes, power outages, fires, explosions, terrorism, military conflicts, cybersecurity attacks, adverse weather conditions, labor disputes, public health epidemics or other catastrophic events or events outside of our control, we may be unable to fill customer orders and otherwise meet customer demand for our products. In addition, these types of events may negatively impact consumer, commercial and industrial spending in impacted regions or, depending on the severity, globally. As a result, any of such events could have a material adverse effect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Interruptions in production, in particular at our manufacturing facilities, could increase our costs and reduce our sales. Any interruption in production capability could require us to make substantial capital expenditures to fill customer orders. We maintain property damage insurance that we believe to be adequate to provide for reconstruction of facilities and equipment, as well as business interruption insurance to mitigate losses resulting from any production interruption or shutdown caused by an insured loss. However, any recovery under our insurance policies may not offset the lost sales or increased costs that may be experienced during the disruption of operations, which could have a material adverse effect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 17 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal office is located in leased premises in London, U.K., and our management office in the U.S. is located in leased premises in Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
 Our key operations are conducted in manufacturing and distribution facilities throughout the world. The following is a summary of our principal manufacturing, distribution, and service center properties: Number of Facilities Manufacturing Plant Locations Manufacturing Plants Distribution Facilities Service Centers Enclosures U.S. and 9 other countries 18 12 Electrical Fastening Solutions U.S. and 2 other countries 8 6 Thermal Management U.S. and 3 other countries 5 4 5 
 We believe that our production facilities are suitable for their purpose and are adequate to support our businesses. 
 18 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We have been made parties to a number of actions filed or have been given notice of potential claims relating to the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to commercial disputes, product liability, asbestos, environmental, safety and health, patent infringement and employment matters. 
 
 While we believe that a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows from any such future claims or potential claims is unlikely, given the inherent uncertainty of litigation, a remote possibility exists that a future adverse ruling or unfavorable development could result in future charges that could have a material adverse impact. We do and will continue to periodically reexamine our estimates of probable liabilities and any associated expenses and receivables and make appropriate adjustments to such estimates based on experience and developments in litigation. As a result, the current estimates of the potential impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the proceedings and claims described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements could change in the future. 
 
 Environmental matters 
 We have been named as defendant, target or a potentially responsible party ("PRP") in a number of environmental clean-ups relating to our current or former business units. We may be named as a PRP at other sites in the future for existing business units, as well as both divested and acquired businesses. In addition to clean-up actions brought by governmental authorities, private parties could bring personal injury or other claims due to the presence of, or exposure to, hazardous substances. 
 
 Certain environmental laws impose liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances at their properties or at properties at which they have disposed of hazardous substances. Our accruals for environmental matters are recorded on a site-by-site basis when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated, based on current law and existing technologies. It can be difficult to estimate reliably the final costs of investigation and remediation due to various factors. In our opinion, the amounts accrued are appropriate based on facts and circumstances as currently known. As of December 31, 2022, our recorded reserves for environmental matters were not material. We do not anticipate these environmental conditions will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, unknown conditions, new details about existing conditions or changes in environmental requirements may give rise to environmental liabilities that will exceed the amount of our current reserves and could have a material adverse effect in the future. 
 
 Product liability claims 
 We are subject to various product liability lawsuits and personal injury claims. A substantial number of lawsuits and claims incurred prior to the effective date of the separation on April 30, 2018 are insured and accrued for by Pentair's captive insurance subsidiary. Lawsuits and claims incurred after the separation are insured and accrued for by Tonka Bay, a captive insurance subsidiary of nVent. For all other claims, accruals covering the claims are recorded, on an undiscounted basis, when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated based on existing information. The accruals are adjusted periodically as additional information becomes available. We have not experienced significant unfavorable trends in either the severity or frequency of product liability lawsuits or personal injury claims. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 19 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Current executive officers of nVent Electric plc, their ages, current position and their business experience during at least the past five years are as follows: 
 Name Age Current Position and Business Experience Beth A. Wozniak 58 Chief Executive Officer since 2018; Ms. Wozniak was the President of Pentair s Electrical segment during 2017. Ms. Wozniak previously served as President of Pentair s Flow Filtration Solutions Global Business Unit from 2015 2016. Ms. Wozniak was President of the Environmental and Combustion Controls unit of Honeywell International Inc. (a software-industrial company) from 2011 2015 and President of the Sensing and Controls Unit of Honeywell International Inc. from 2006 2011, and she held various leadership positions at Honeywell International Inc. and its predecessor AlliedSignal Inc. from 1990 2006. Sara E. Zawoyski 48 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2019; Ms. Zawoyski was the Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer of the Company from 2018 2019. Ms. Zawoyski previously served in the following roles at Pentair and its predecessors: Chief Financial Officer, Electrical Segment from 2017 2018, Chief Financial Officer, Flow and Filtration Solutions from 2015 2017, Chief Financial Officer Flow Technologies from 2014 2015, Chief Financial Officer, Equipment Protection from 2012 2014, and Vice President Investor Relations from 2010 2012. Ms. Zawoyski also previously held various investor relations and managerial finance leadership positions at PepsiAmericas from 2002 2010 and various positions in the audit practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from 1996 2002. Jon D. Lammers 58 Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Secretary since 2018; Mr. Lammers served as Pentair's General Counsel, Electrical from 2017-2018 and was an attorney at Foulston Siefkin LLP (a Kansas-based law firm) from 2016 2017. Mr. Lammers previously served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Spirit Aerosystems Holdings, Inc. (a designer and manufacturer of aerostructures) from 2012 2016. He held various senior legal roles, including Deputy North American General Counsel and Asia Pacific General Counsel with Cargill Inc. from 1997 2012. Prior to his corporate experience, Mr. Lammers practiced law at Oppenheimer, Wolff Donnelly (n/k/a Fox Rothschild LLP) from 1993 1997 and Paul Hastings LLP from 1991 1993. Lynnette R. Heath 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since 2018; Ms. Heath was the Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources of Entrust Datacard (a privately held global security and identity company) from 2009 2017. Ms. Heath previously held various human resources roles with General Electric Company from 2000 2009, with McKesson Corporation from 1996 2000 and with Northern States Power Company (n/k/a Xcel Energy Inc.) from 1992 1996. Aravind Padmanabhan 54 Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since 2019; Mr. Padmanabhan was the Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of the Honeywell Connected Worker unit of Honeywell International Inc. (a software-industrial company) from 2018 2019, and served as Acting Chief Architect of the Honeywell Sentience Platform in 2018. Mr. Padmanabhan previously served as Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of the Home Building Technologies unit of Honeywell International Inc. from 2016 2018 and the Environmental Energy Solutions unit of Honeywell International Inc. from 2013 2016. Mr. Padmanabhan also previously held various other technology and engineering leadership positions at Honeywell International Inc. from 1997 2013. Randolph A. Wacker 58 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since 2018 and Treasurer since 2019; Mr. Wacker was the Assistant Corporate Controller of Pentair and served in that role from 2005-2017. Mr. Wacker served as the U.S. Controller of Computer Network Technologies from 2004 2005. He served over 10 years in corporate controlling and external reporting roles in various public companies. Mr. Wacker also served as an accountant with the public accounting firm Larson, Allen, Weishair Co., LLP (n/k/a CliftonLarsonAllen) from 1988 1993. Joseph A. Ruzynski 47 President of Enclosures since 2018; Mr. Ruzynski was the Vice President of Pentair s Enclosures Strategic Business Unit and served in that role during 2017. Mr. Ruzynski previously served as Vice President of Pentair s Engineered Projects Strategic Business Group in its Valves Controls Global Business Unit from 2016 2017 and Vice President of Pentair s Fluid Motion Business Group from 2015 2016. He was the Vice President, Operations of Pentair s Equipment Protection and Technical Solutions Global Business Units from 2012 2014, and held various supply leadership positions with Pentair from 2003 2012. Mr. Ruzynski was a Manager with Ernst Young from 1997 2003. 
 20 

Robert J. van der Kolk 
 54 
 President of Electrical Fastening Solutions since 2018; Mr. van der Kolk was the Vice President of Pentair s Engineered Fastening Solutions Strategic Business Unit of the Electrical segment and served in that role from 2015 2017. Mr. van der Kolk previously served as the Executive Vice President, Sales for ERICO from 2011 2015, and held various sales, development, and manufacturing leadership roles with ERICO from 2001 2008. Mr. van der Kolk held Plant Superintendent and Production Management roles for Cargill in the Netherlands and Germany from 1993 2001. Michael B. Faulconer 53 President of Thermal Management since 2018; Mr. Faulconer was the Vice President of Pentair s Thermal Management Strategic Business Unit of the Electrical segment and served in that role during 2017. Mr. Faulconer previously served as the Vice President of Pentair s Thermal Building Solutions Unit from 2014 2016. He was the Vice President, Marketing of Pentair s Thermal Management Unit from 2010 2013. Mr. Faulconer held various general management and marketing leadership roles with Tyco Thermal Controls in the U.S. and Asia from 2001 2010. From 1991 2000, Mr. Faulconer held various sales roles with Valquip Corporation. 
 
 21 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our ordinary shares are listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange and trade under the symbol "NVT." As of December 31, 2022, there were 13,094 shareholders of record. 
 
 The timing, declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our ordinary shares will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition and results of operations, the capital requirements of our businesses, industry practice and any other relevant factors. 
 
 Share Performance Graph 
 The following information under the caption "Share Performance Graph" in this ITEM 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the Securities and Exchange Commission or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such a filing. 
 
 The following graph sets forth the cumulative total shareholder return on our ordinary shares from the date of the separation of nVent from Pentair, assuming the investment of 100 on April 30, 2018 and the reinvestment of all dividends since that date to December 31, 2022. The graph also contains for comparison purposes the S P Mid Cap 400 Index and the S P Mid Cap 400 Industrials Index, assuming the same investment level and reinvestment of dividends. By virtue of our market capitalization, we are a component of the S P Mid Cap 400 Index. On the basis of our size and diversity of businesses, we believe the S P Mid Cap 400 Industrials Index is an appropriate published industry index for comparison purposes. 
 
 Base Period 2018 INDEXED RETURNS Years ended December 31, Company / Index April 30 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 nVent Electric plc 100 102.99 117.30 113.84 190.38 196.71 S P Mid Cap 400 Index 100 88.82 110.18 128.87 160.77 139.78 S P Mid Cap 400 Industrials Index 100 90.13 118.98 137.03 174.59 160.76 
 22 

Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information with respect to purchases we made of our ordinary shares during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 (a) (b) (c) (d) Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs October 1 October 29, 2022 121 33.33 200,000,000 October 30 November 26, 2022 660,365 39.05 660,025 174,214,645 November 27 December 31, 2022 862,010 39.02 861,563 140,577,960 Total 1,522,496 1,521,588 
 (a) The purchases in this column includes shares repurchased as part of our publicly announced plans and shares deemed surrendered to us by participants in the nVent Electric plc 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the "2018 Plan") and earlier Pentair stock incentive plans that are now outstanding under the 2018 Plan (collectively the "Plans") to satisfy the exercise price or withholding of tax obligations related to the exercise of stock options, vesting of restricted shares and vesting of performance shares. 
 (b) The average price paid in this column includes shares repurchased as part of our publicly announced plans and shares deemed surrendered to us by participants in the Plans to satisfy the exercise price of stock options and withholding tax obligations due upon stock option exercises, vesting of restricted shares and vesting of performance shares. 
 (c) The number of shares in this column represents the number of shares repurchased as part of our publicly announced plans to repurchase our ordinary shares up to a maximum dollar limit authorized by the Board of Directors, discussed below. 
 (d) On May 14, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our ordinary shares up to a maximum dollar limit of 300.0 million (the "2021 Authorization"). The 2021 Authorization began on July 23, 2021 and expires on July 22, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, we had 140.6 million available for repurchases under the 2021 Authorization. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

23 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations refers to and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the corresponding notes included in ITEM 8. 
 Forward-looking statements 
 This report contains statements that we believe to be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Without limitation, any statements preceded or followed by or that include the words "targets," "plans," "believes," "expects," "intends," "will," "likely," "may," "anticipates," "estimates," "projects," "forecasts," "should," "would," "positioned," "strategy," "future," "are confident," or words, phrases or terms of similar substance or the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Among these factors are the adverse effects on our business operations or financial results, including due to the overall global economic and business conditions impacting our business; the ability to achieve the benefits of our restructuring plans; the ability to successfully identify, finance, complete and integrate acquisitions; competition and pricing pressures in the markets we serve, including the impacts of tariffs; volatility in currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices; inability to generate savings from excellence in operations initiatives consisting of lean enterprise, supply management and cash flow practices; inability to mitigate material and other cost inflation; risks related to the availability of, and cost inflation in, supply chain inputs, including labor, raw materials, commodities, packaging and transportation; increased risks associated with operating foreign businesses, including risks associated with the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions; the ability to deliver backlog and win future project work; failure of markets to accept new product introductions and enhancements; the impact of changes in laws and regulations, including those that limit U.S. tax benefits; the impact of the novel coronavirus 2019 ("COVID-19") pandemic; the outcome of litigation and governmental proceedings; and the ability to achieve our long-term strategic operating goals. Additional information concerning these and other factors is contained in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. nVent Electric plc assumes no obligation, and disclaims any obligation, to update the information contained in this report. 
 
 The following is the discussion and analysis of changes in the financial condition and res ults of operations for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. The discussion and analysis of fiscal year 2020 and changes in the financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K may be found in Part II, ITEM 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. 
 Overview 
 The terms "us," "we," "our," "the Company" or "nVent" refer to nVent Electric plc. nVent is a leading global provider of electrical connection and protection solutions. We believe our inventive electrical solutions enable safer systems and ensure a more secure world. We design, manufacture, market, install and service high performance products and solutions that connect and protect mission critical equipment, buildings and critical processes. We offer a comprehensive range of enclosures, electrical connections and fastening and thermal management solutions across industry-leading brands that are recognized globally for quality, reliability and innovation. 
 
 We classify our operations into business segments based primarily on types of products offered and markets served. We operate across three segments: Enclosures, Electrical Fastening Solutions and Thermal Management, which represented approximately 52 , 27 and 21 of total revenues during 2022 , respectively. 
 
 Enclosures The Enclosures segment provides innovative solutions to connect, protect, power and cool critical controls systems, electronics, data and electrical equipment. From metallic and non-metallic enclosures to cabinets, subracks and backplanes, it offers the physical infrastructure to host, connect and protect server and network equipment, as well as indoor and outdoor protection for test and measurement and aerospace and defense applications in industrial, infrastructure, commercial and energy verticals. 
 
 Electrical Fastening Solutions The Electrical Fastening Solutions segment provides solutions that connect and protect electrical and mechanical systems and civil structures. Its engineered electrical and fastening products are innovative, cost efficient and time saving connections that are used across a wide range of verticals, including commercial, infrastructure, industrial and energy. 
 
 Thermal Management The Thermal Management segment provides electric thermal solutions that connect and protect critical buildings, infrastructure, industrial processes and people. Its thermal management systems include heat 
 24 

tracing, floor heating, fire-rated and specialty wiring, sensing and snow melting and de-icing solutions for use in industrial, commercial residential, energy and infrastructure verticals. Its highly reliable and easy to install solutions lower total cost of ownership to building owners, facility managers, operators and end users. 
 
 On April 1, 2021, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Vynckier Enclosure Systems, Inc. ("Vynckier") for approximately 27.0 million in cash. The U.S. based Vynckier business manufactures high-quality non-metallic enclosures that we market as part of the nVent HOFFMAN product line within our Enclosures segment. 
 
 On June 30, 2021, we acquired CIS Global LLC ("CIS Global") for approximately 202.4 million in cash. The CIS Global business is a leading provider of intelligent rack power distribution and server slides products, and operates within our Enclosures segment. 
 Recent events update 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic. Governments around the world have implemented measures to help control the spread of the virus and subsequent variants, including business curtailments and shutdowns, isolating residents to their places of residence and restricting travel. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted, and is likely to continue to result, in significant economic disruption and has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business. We continue to actively monitor the impacts of the pandemic and global efforts to respond to it, and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by governments in the jurisdictions where we operate, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders. 
 
 As economic activity has increased in 2021 and 2022, we have experienced inflationary increases of raw materials, logistics, labor and energy costs, and supply chain challenges, including increased lead times due to availability constraints and high demand. Although we regularly monitor the financial health and operations of companies in our supply chain, and use alternative suppliers when necessary and available, supply chain constraints could cause a disruption in our ability to obtain raw materials or components required to manufacture our products and adversely affect our operations. We expect the inflationary trends and supply chain pressures that we have encountered in 2022 to continue into 2023. 
 
 Beginning in February 2022, in response to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, many countries have initiated a variety of sanctions targeting Russia and associated entities. With the ongoing conflict, we have suspended new business activities in Russia. We are conducting remaining business activities in Russia in compliance with applicable sanctions. 
 
 The conflict and the sanctions imposed are creating substantial uncertainty in the global economy. While our business activity in Russia is not material to our operations, an escalation or expansion of economic disruption or the conflict's current scope could disrupt sales to our customers or our supply chain, increase inflationary costs and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Key trends and uncertainties regarding our existing business 
 The following trends and uncertainties affected our financial performance in 2021 and 2022, and are reasonably likely to impact our results in the future: 
 During 2021 and 2022, we experienced inflationary increases of raw materials, logistics, labor and energy costs, and supply chain challenges, including increased lead times due to availability constraints and high demand. While we have taken pricing actions and we have implemented and plan to continue to implement productivity improvements that could help offset these cost increases, we expect supply chain pressures and inflationary cost increases to continue into 2023, and could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Although economic conditions have generally improved since the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to cause disruption to the global economy, including in the regions in which we, our suppliers, distributors, business partners, and customers do business. During 2021, demand improved as governments rolled out the distribution of vaccines and lifted COVID-19 related restrictions, which increased economic activity. Demand in 2022 remained high, however, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve and the economic recovery we are seeing could be slowed or reversed by a number of factors, including a widespread resurgence in COVID-19 infections, whether due to the spread of variants of the virus or otherwise, the rate and efficacy of vaccinations, labor constraints, the strength of the global supply chain and government actions including potential business curtailments and shutdowns impacting our factories . The magnitude of the impact of the pandemic on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations cannot be determined at this time. 
 In 2023, our operating objectives include the following: 
 Executing our Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") strategy focused on People, Products and Planet; 
 25 

Enhancing and supporting employee engagement, development and retention; 
 Achieving differentiated revenue growth through new products and innovation and expansion in higher growth verticals across all regions globally; 
 Optimizing our technological capabilities to increasingly generate innovative new and connected products and advance digital transformation; 
 Driving operational excellence through lean and agile, with specific focus on our digital transformation and supply chain resiliency; 
 Optimizing working capital through inventory reduction initiatives across business segments and focused actions to optimize customer and vendor payment terms; and 
 Deploying capital strategically to drive growth and value creation. 

26 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The consolidated results of operations were as follows: Years ended December 31 / point change In millions 2022 2021 2022 vs 2021 Net sales 2,909.0 2,462.0 18.2 Cost of goods sold 1,812.3 1,520.1 19.2 Gross profit 1,096.7 941.9 16.4 of net sales 37.7 38.3 (0.6 pts) Selling, general and administrative 595.9 537.9 10.8 of net sales 20.5 21.8 (1.3 pts) Research and development 60.4 48.6 24.3 of net sales 2.1 2.0 0.1 pts Operating income 440.4 355.4 23.9 of net sales 15.1 14.4 0.7 pts Net interest expense 31.2 32.3 N.M. Loss on early extinguishment of debt 15.2 N.M. Other expense (income) (63.4) (12.8) N.M. Income before income taxes 472.6 320.7 N.M. Provision for income taxes 72.8 47.8 52.3 Effective tax rate 15.4 14.9 0.5 pts Net income 399.8 272.9 46.5 
 N.M. Not Meaningful 
 Net sales 
 The components of the consolidated net sales change were as follows: 2022 vs 2021 Volume 6.5 Price 13.5 Organic growth 20.0 Acquisition 1.9 Currency (3.7) Total 18.2 
 The 18.2 percent increase in net sales in 2022 from 2021 was primarily the result of: 
 organic sales growth contribution of approximately 8.0 , 6.0 and 4.5 from our industrial, infrastructure and commercial residential businesses, respectively, in 2022 from 2021, which includes increases in selling prices; and 
 increased sales of 47.1 million in 2022 as a result of the Vynckier and CIS Global acquisitions. 
 27 

This increase was partially offset by: 
 unfavorable foreign currency effects. 
 Gross profit 
 The 0.6 percentage point decrease in gross profit as a percentage of sales in 2022 from 2021 was primarily the result of: 
 inflationary increases of raw materials, logistics, labor and energy costs, and supply chain challenges, including increased lead times, due to availability constraints and high demand compared to 2021. 
 This decrease was partially offset by: 
 increases in selling prices to mitigate inflationary cost increases; 
 increased sales volume resulting in increased leverage on fixed expenses in cost of goods sold; and 
 savings generated from our lean and supply chain management practices. 
 Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") 
 The 1.3 percentage point decrease in SG A expense as a percentage of sales in 2022 from 2021 was driven by: 
 increased sales volume resulting in increased leverage on fixed operating expenses; and 
 savings generated from restructuring and other lean initiatives. 
 This decrease was partially offset by: 
 inflationary increases impacting our labor, professional fees and other administrative costs; and 
 investments in digital, selling and marketing to drive growth. 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 
 In 2021, we issued 300.0 million of 2.750 fixed rate senior notes due 2031 and utilized the proceeds to redeem 300.0 million of 3.950 fixed rate senior notes due 2023. The 15.2 million premium paid on the early extinguishment was recorded as Loss on the early extinguishment of debt. 
 Other expense (income) 
 In 2022 and 2021, we recognized a pre-tax, non-cash pension and other post-retirement mark-to-market gain of 66.3 million and 15.2 million, respectively. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 The difference in the effective tax rate in 2022 from 2021 was primarily the result of: 
 a 5.5 million one-time benefit recorded in 2021 to reflect an anticipated worthless stock deduction on an investment in a foreign subsidiary; and 
 the 66.3 million pre-tax, non-cash pension and other post-retirement market-to market gain relating predominantly to a jurisdiction where there is a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. 
 
 SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The summary that follows provides a discussion of the results of operations of our three reportable segments (Enclosures, Electrical Fastening Solutions and Thermal Management). Each of these segments comprises various product offerings that serve multiple end users. 
 We evaluate performance based on sales and segment income and use a variety of ratios to measure performance of our reporting segments. Segment income represents operating income exclusive of intangible amortization, acquisition related expenses, costs of restructuring activities, impairments and other unusual non-operating items. 
 28 

Enclosures 
 The net sales and segment income for Enclosures were as follows: 
 Years ended December 31 / point change In millions 2022 2021 2022 vs 2021 Net sales 1,503.7 1,244.8 20.8 Segment income 256.0 202.1 26.7 of net sales 17.0 16.2 0.8 pts 
 Net sales 
 The components of the change in Enclosures net sales were as follows: 
 2022 vs 2021 Volume 7.8 Price 12.8 Organic growth 20.6 Acquisition 3.8 Currency (3.6) Total 20.8 
 The 20.8 percent increase in Enclosures net sales in 2022 from 2021 was primarily the result of: 
 organic sales growth contribution of approximately 10.5 , 6.5 and 2.5 from our industrial, infrastructure and commercial residential businesses, respectively, in 2022 from 2021, which includes increases in selling prices; and 
 increased sales of 47.1 million in 2022 as a result of the Vynckier and CIS Global acquisitions. 
 This increase was partially offset by: 
 unfavorable foreign currency effects. 
 Segment income 
 The components of the change in Enclosures segment income as a percentage of net sales from the prior period were as follows: 
 2022 vs 2021 Growth/acquisition 2.4 pts Price 9.5 Currency 0.4 Net productivity (11.5) Total 0.8 pts 
 The 0.8 percentage point increase in segment income for Enclosures as a percentage of net sales in 2022 from 2021 was primarily the result of: 
 increases in selling prices to mitigate inflationary cost increases; and 
 higher sales volume resulting in increased leverage on fixed expenses. 
 This increase was partially offset by: 
 inflationary increases of raw materials, logistics, labor and energy costs, and supply chain challenges, including increased lead times, due to availability constraints and high demand compared to 2021. 
 29 

Electrical Fastening Solutions 
 The net sales and segment income for Electrical Fastening Solutions were as follows: 
 Years ended December 31 / point change In millions 2022 2021 2022 vs 2021 Net sales 791.4 657.5 20.4 Segment income 219.9 181.5 21.2 of net sales 27.8 27.6 0.2 pts 
 Net sales 
 The components of the change in Electrical Fastening Solutions net sales were as follows: 
 2022 vs 2021 Volume 2.7 Price 20.8 Organic growth 23.5 Currency (3.1) Total 20.4 
 The 20.4 percent increase in Electrical Fastening Solutions net sales in 2022 from 2021 was primarily the result of: . 
 organic sales growth contribution of approximately 10.5 and 10.0 from our commercial residential and infrastructure businesses, respectively, in 2022 from 2021, which includes increases in selling prices. 
 This increase was partially offset by: 
 unfavorable foreign currency effects. 
 Segment income 
 The components of the change in Electrical Fastening Solutions segment income as a percentage of net sales from the prior period were as follows: 
 2022 vs 2021 Growth/acquisition 1.9 pts Price 12.5 Currency 0.1 Net productivity (14.3) Total 0.2 pts 
 The 0.2 percentage point increase in segment income for Electrical Fastening Solutions as a percentage of net sales in 2022 from 2021 was primarily the result of: 
 increases in selling prices to mitigate inflationary cost increases; and 
 higher sales volume resulting in increased leverage on fixed expenses. 
 This increase was partially offset by: 
 inflationary increases of raw materials, logistics, labor and energy costs, and supply chain challenges, including increased lead times, due to availability constraints and high demand compared to 2021. 
 30 

Thermal Management 
 The net sales and segment income for Thermal Management were as follows: 
 Years ended December 31 / point change In millions 2022 2021 2022 vs 2021 Net sales 613.9 559.7 9.7 Segment income 140.8 121.2 16.2 of net sales 22.9 21.7 1.2 pts 
 Net sales 
 The components of the change in Thermal Management net sales were as follows: 
 2022 vs 2021 Volume 7.8 Price 6.5 Organic growth 14.3 Currency (4.6) Total 9.7 The 9.7 percent increase in Thermal Management net sales in 2022 from 2021 was primarily the result of: 
 organic sales growth contribution of approximately 10.5 and 2.5 from our industrial and commercial residential businesses, respectively, in 2022 from 2021, which includes increases in selling prices; and 
 This increase was partially offset by: 
 unfavorable foreign currency effects . 
 Segment income 
 The components of the change in Thermal Management segment income as a percentage of net sales from the prior period were as follows: 2022 vs 2021 Growth 1.3 pts Price 4.8 Currency (0.1) Net productivity (4.8) Total 1.2 pts 
 The 1.2 percentage point increase in segment income for Thermal Management as a percentage of net sales in 2022 from 2021 was primarily the result of: 
 increases in selling prices to mitigate inflationary cost increases. 
 higher sales volume resulting in increased leverage on fixed expenses. 
 This increase was partially offset by: 
 inflationary increases of raw materials, logistics, labor and energy costs, and supply chain challenges, including increased lead times, due to availability constraints and high demand compared to 2021. 
 31 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 The primary source of liquidity for our business is cash flows provided by operations. We expect to continue to have cash requirements to support working capital needs and capital expenditures, to pay interest and service debt, to pay dividends to shareholders quarterly and otherwise as described below under "Material cash requirements." We believe we have the ability and sufficient capacity to meet these cash requirements in the short term and long term by using available cash, internally generated funds and borrowing under committed credit facilities. We are focused on increasing our cash flow, while continuing to fund our research and development, sales and marketing and capital investment initiatives. Our intent is to maintain investment grade metrics and a solid liquidity position. As of December 31, 2022, we had 297.5 million of cash on hand, of which 37.6 million is held in certain countries in which the ability to repatriate is limited due to local regulations or significant potential tax consequences. 
 
 We experience seasonal cash flows primarily due to increased demand for Electrical Fastening Solutions products during the spring and summer months in the Northern Hemisphere and increased demand for Thermal Management products and services during the fall and winter months in the Northern Hemisphere. 
 Operating activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 394.6 million in 2022, compared to 373.3 million in 2021. Net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 primarily reflects net income of 447.7 million, net of non-cash depreciation, amortization, and pension and other post-retirement mark-to-market gain, partially offset by a 55.9 million increase in net working capital. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities in 2021 primarily reflects net income of 366.1 million, net of non-cash depreciation, amortization, and pension and other post-retirement mark-to-market gain, partially offset by a 9.2 million increase in net working capital. 
 Investing activities 
 Net cash used for investing activities was 52.5 million in 2022, which primarily related to capital expenditures of 45.9 million. Net cash used for investing activities was 274.0 million in 2021, which primarily related to cash paid for the CIS Global and Vynckier acquisitions of 228.0 million, net of cash acquired, and capital expenditures of 39.5 million. 
 Financing activities 
 Net cash used for financing activities was 82.1 million in 2022, which primarily related to dividends paid of 117.0 million, net repayments of revolving long-term debt of 106.7 million and share repurchases of 65.9 million, partially offset by 200.0 million of proceeds from long-term debt. 
 
 Net cash used for financing activities was 166.8 million in 2021, which primarily related to dividends paid of 117.7 million and share repurchases of 111.5 million, partially offset by net receipts of revolving long-term debt of 72.1 million. In 2021, we issued 300.0 million of 2.750 fixed rate senior notes due 2031, and utilized the proceeds to redeem 300.0 million of 3.950 fixed rate senior notes due 2023. We also settled an outstanding interest rate swap related for 9.6 million related to the debt that was redeemed and incurred 15.2 million of costs related to the early extinguishment of the debt. 
 
 Senior notes 
 In March 2018, nVent Finance S. r.l. nVent Finance or "Subsidiary Issuer"), a 100-percent owned subsidiary of nVent, issued 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.950 senior notes due 2023 (the "2023 Notes") and 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.550 senior notes due 2028 (the "2028 Notes"). 
 
 In November 2021, nVent Finance issued 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.750 fixed rate senior notes due 2031 (the "2031 Notes" and, collectively with the 2028 Notes, the "Notes"). In December 2021, we redeemed the 300 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.950 fixed rate senior notes due 2023. We incurred costs of 15.2 million related to the early extinguishment of the 2023 Notes. 
 
 Interest on the 2028 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, and interest on the 2031 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year. 
 
 32 

The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to payment by nVent (the "Parent Company Guarantor"). There are no subsidiaries that guarantee the Notes. The Parent Company Guarantor is a holding company that has no independent assets or operations unrelated to its investments in consolidated subsidiaries. The Subsidiary Issuer is a holding company that has no independent assets or operations unrelated to its investments in consolidated subsidiaries and the issuance of the Notes and other external debt. The Parent Company Guarantor s principal source of cash flow, including cash flow to make payments on the Notes pursuant to the guarantees, is dividends from its subsidiaries. The Subsidiary Issuer s principal source of cash flow is interest income from its subsidiaries. None of the subsidiaries of the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer is under any direct obligation to pay or otherwise fund amounts due on the Notes or the guarantees, whether in the form of dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. In addition, there may be statutory and regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends from certain subsidiaries of the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer. If such subsidiaries are unable to transfer funds to the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer and sufficient cash or liquidity is not otherwise available, the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer may not be able to make principal and interest payments on their outstanding debt, including the Notes or the guarantees. 
 
 The Notes constitute general unsecured senior obligations of the Subsidiary Issuer and rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future unsubordinated and unsecured indebtedness and liabilities of the Subsidiary Issuer. The guarantees of the Notes by the Parent Company Guarantor constitute general unsecured obligations of the Parent Company Guarantor and rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future unsubordinated and unsecured indebtedness and liabilities of the Subsidiary Issuer. Subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, the indenture pursuant to which the Notes were issued contains covenants that, among other things, restrict nVent s, nVent Finance s and certain subsidiaries ability to merge or consolidate with another person, create liens or engage in sale and lease-back transactions. 
 
 There are no significant restrictions on the ability of nVent to obtain funds from its subsidiaries by dividend or loan. None of the assets of nVent or its subsidiaries represents restricted net assets pursuant to the guidelines established by the SEC. 
 Senior credit facilities 
 In March 2018, the Company and its subsidiaries nVent Finance and Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc. entered into a credit agreement with a syndicate of banks providing for a five-year 200.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility and a five-year 600.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 In September 2021, the Company and its subsidiaries nVent Finance and Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc. entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with a syndicate of banks providing for a five-year 300.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "Term Loan Facility") and a five-year 600.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility" and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the "Senior Credit Facilities"), which amended and restated the March 2018 credit agreement. Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility are permitted on a delayed draw basis during the first year of the five-year term of the Term Loan Facility, and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are permitted from time to time during the full five-year term of the Revolving Credit Facility. In September 2022, nVent exercised the delayed draw provision of the Term Loan Facility, increasing the total borrowings under the Term Loan Facility by 200.0 million to 300.0 million. nVent Finance has the option to request to increase the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate amount of up to 300.0 million, subject to customary conditions, including the commitment of the participating lenders. 
 
 Borrowings under the Senior Credit Facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an adjusted base rate, London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), Euro Interbank Offer Rate EURIBOR or Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA ), plus, in each case, an applicable margin. The applicable margin will be based on, at nVent Finance s election, the Company's leverage level or public credit rating. In December 2022, we amended the Senior Credit Facilities to replace the LIBOR-based interest rate benchmark with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). 
 As of December 31, 2022, the borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility was 600.0 million. 
 Our debt agreements contain certain financial covenants, the most restrictive of which are in the Senior Credit Facilities, including that we may not permit (i) the ratio of our consolidated debt (net of our consolidated unrestricted cash in excess of 5.0 million but not to exceed 250.0 million) to our consolidated net income (excluding, among other things, non-cash gains and losses) before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and non-cash share-based compensation expense ("EBITDA") on the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters (each, a "testing period") to exceed 3.75 to 1.00 (or, at nVent Finance s election and subject to certain conditions, 4.25 to 1.00 for four testing periods in connection with certain material acquisitions) and (ii) the ratio of our EBITDA to our consolidated interest expense for the same period to be less than 3.00 to 1.00. In addition, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, the Senior Credit Facilities also contain covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to create liens, merge or consolidate with another person, make acquisitions and incur subsidiary debt. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial covenants in our debt agreements, and there is no material uncertainty about our ongoing ability to meet those covenants. 
 
 33 

Share repurchases 
 On May 14, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our ordinary shares up to a maximum dollar limit of 300.0 million (the "2021 Authorization"). The 2021 Authorization began on July 23, 2021, and expires on July 22, 2024. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 1.6 million of our ordinary shares for 63.3 million under the 2021 Authorization. As of December 31, 2022, we had 140.6 million available for share repurchases under the 2021 Authorization. 
 
 Dividends 
 Dividends paid per ordinary share were 0.70 for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 On December 12, 2022, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.175 that was paid on February 3, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on January 20, 2023. The balance of dividends payable included in Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets was 30.4 million and 30.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 On February 28, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.175 per ordinary share payable on May 
 12, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on April 28, 2023. 
 
 Under Irish law, the payment of future cash dividends and repurchases of shares may be paid only out of nVent Electric plc's "distributable reserves" on its statutory balance sheet. nVent Electric plc is not permitted to pay dividends out of share capital, which includes share premiums. Distributable reserves may be created through the earnings of the Irish parent company and through a reduction in share capital approved by the Irish High Court. Distributable reserves of nVent Electric plc are not linked to a generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("GAAP") reported amount (e.g., retained earnings). Our distributable reserve balance was 2.8 billion and 2.9 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Authorized shares 
 Our authorized share capital consists of 400.0 million ordinary shares with a par value of 0.01 per share. 
 
 Material cash requirements 
 In general, we require cash to fund working capital investments, acquisitions, capital expenditures, debt and interest payments, taxes, dividends and share repurchases. 
 
 Our material contractual cash requirements as of December 31, 2022 include principal and interest on long-term debt as well as payments for operating lease liabilities. Servicing these obligations includes the following estimated cash outflows from December 31, 2022: 
 In millions Within 1 year Greater than 1 year Total Debt obligations 15.0 1,073.8 1,088.8 Interest obligations on fixed-rate debt 
 31.0 168.4 199.4 Operating lease obligations, net of sublease rentals 
 22.1 96.6 118.7 Total 68.1 1,338.8 1,406.9 
 
 We also incur purchase obligations in the ordinary course of business that are enforceable and legally binding. We have contractual purchase obligations of 103.9 million for 2023, which represent commitments for raw materials to be utilized in the normal course of business for which all significant terms have been confirmed. Contractual purchase obligations beyond 2023 are not material. 
 The total gross liability for uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2022 was estimated to be 13.4 million. We record penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in Provision for income taxes and Net interest expense , respectively, which is consistent with our past practices. As of December 31, 2022, we had recorded 2.0 million for the possible payment of penalties and 2.2 million related to the possible payment of interest. 
 34 

Other financial measures 
 In addition to measuring our cash flow generation or usage based upon operating, investing and financing classifications included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, we also measure our free cash flow. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that we use to assess our cash flow performance. We believe free cash flow is an important measure of liquidity because it provides us and our investors a measurement of cash generated from operations that is available to pay dividends, make acquisitions, repay debt and repurchase shares. In addition, free cash flow is used as a criterion to measure and pay annual incentive compensation. Our measure of free cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
 The following table is a reconciliation of free cash flow: 
 Years ended December 31 In millions 2022 2021 Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities 394.6 373.3 Capital expenditures (45.9) (39.5) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 2.0 0.6 Free cash flow 
 350.7 334.4 
 
 35 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
 We have been, and in the future may be, made parties to a number of actions filed or have been, and in the future may be, given notice of potential claims relating to the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to commercial or contractual disputes, product liability, environmental, safety and health, patent infringement and employment matters. 
 
 While we believe that a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows from any such future claims or potential claims is unlikely, given the inherent uncertainty of litigation, a remote possibility exists that a future adverse ruling or unfavorable development could result in future charges that could have a material impact. We do and will continue to periodically re-examine our estimates of probable liabilities and any associated expenses and receivables and make appropriate adjustments to such estimates based on experience and developments in litigation. As a result, the current estimates of the potential impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the proceedings and claims described in ITEM 8, Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements could change in the future. 
 
 Stand-by Letters of Credit, Bank Guarantees and Bonds 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are required to commit to bonds, letters of credit and bank guarantees that require payments to our customers for any non-performance. The outstanding face value of these instruments fluctuates with the value of our projects in process and in our backlog. In addition, we issue financial stand-by letters of credit primarily to secure our performance to third parties under self-insurance programs. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding value of bonds, letters of credit and bank guarantees totaled 38.0 million and 38.2 million, respectively. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 See ITEM 8, Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in this Form 10-K, for information pertaining to recently adopted accounting standards or accounting standards to be adopted in the future. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 We have adopted various accounting policies to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in ITEM 8, Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain of our accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates. By their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. These judgments are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in the industry and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: 
 it requires us to make assumptions about matters that were uncertain at the time we were making the estimate; and 
 changes in the estimate or different estimates that we could have selected would have had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles 
 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of acquired businesses over the net of the fair value of identifiable tangible net assets and identifiable intangible assets purchased and liabilities assumed. 
 
 Goodwill is tested annually for impairment as of the first day of the fourth quarter, and is tested for impairment more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The impairment test is performed by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount, and recognizing an impairment expense for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. 
 
 The fair value of each reporting unit is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis and market approach. Projecting discounted future cash flows requires us to make significant estimates regarding future revenues and expenses, projected capital expenditures, changes in working capital and the appropriate discount rate. Use of the market approach consists of comparisons 
 36 

to comparable publicly-traded companies that are similar in size and industry. Actual results may differ from those used in our valuations. 
 
 Determining the fair value of the reporting units required the use of significant judgment, including assumptions about future revenues and expenses, capital expenditures and changes in working capital and discount rates, which are based on our annual operating plan and long-term business plan. These plans take into consideration numerous factors including historical experience, anticipated future economic conditions, and growth expectations for the industries and end markets in which the reporting unit participates. The level of judgment and estimation is inherently high. We have evaluated numerous factors and made significant assumptions, which include the severity and duration of the business disruption, the potential impact on customer demand, the timing and degree of economic recovery and ultimately, the combined effect of these assumptions on our future operating results and cash flows. These assumptions are determined over a six year long-term planning period. The six year growth rates for revenues and operating profits vary for each reporting unit being evaluated. Revenues and operating profit beyond 2028 are projected to grow at a perpetual growth rate of 3.0 . 
 
 Discount rate assumptions for each reporting unit take into consideration our assessment of risks inherent in the future cash flows of the respective reporting unit and our weighted-average cost of capital. We utilized a discount rate ranging from 11.5 to 13.0 for each reporting unit in determining the discounted cash flows in our fair value analysis. 
 
 In estimating fair value using the market approach, we identify a group of comparable publicly-traded companies for each reporting unit that are similar in terms of size and product offering. These groups of comparable companies are used to develop multiples based on total market-based invested capital as a multiple of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ). We determine our estimated values by applying these comparable EBITDA multiples to the operating results of our reporting units. The ultimate fair value of each reporting unit is determined considering the results of both valuation methods. 
 
 A 10 decrease in the fair values determined in the quantitative impairment assessment for each of the reporting units would not have changed our determination that the fair value of each reporting unit was in excess of its carrying value for 2022. 
 
 In 2020, we recognized a pre-tax, non-cash goodwill impairment expense of 212.3 million related to the Thermal Management reporting unit. The impairment resulted in a 21.6 million income tax benefit associated with the proportionate share of tax deductible goodwill. There was no impairment expense recorded in 2022 or 2021 related to goodwill. 
 
 There is a risk that changes in economic and operating conditions affecting the assumptions used in our impairment tests, including changes due to the evolving nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect future estimates or fair value and result in additional goodwill or other intangible asset impairment expense in the future. 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets 
 Our primary identifiable intangible assets include: customer relationships, trade names, proprietary technologies and patents. Identifiable intangibles with definite lives are amortized and those identifiable intangibles with indefinite lives are not amortized. Identifiable intangible assets that are subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Identifiable intangible assets not subject to amortization are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events warrant. We complete our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter each year for those identifiable assets not subject to amortization. 
 
 The impairment test for trade names consists of a comparison of the fair value of the trade name with its carrying value. Fair value is measured using the relief-from-royalty method. This method assumes the trade name has value to the extent that the owner is relieved of the obligation to pay royalties for the benefits received from them. This method requires us to estimate the future revenue for the related brands, the appropriate royalty rate and the weighted average cost of capital. We utilized a royalty rate ranging from 1.0 to 5.5 for each trade name in our fair value analysis. 
 
 A 10 decrease in the fair values determined in the quantitative impairment assessment for each of the trade names would not have changed our determination that the fair value of each trade name was in excess of its carrying value for 2022. 
 
 In 2020, we recognized pre-tax, non-cash impairment expense of 8.2 million related to certain trade names. There was no impairment expense recorded in 2022 or 2021 related to identifiable intangible assets. 
 
 37 

Pension and other post-retirement plans 
 We sponsor defined-benefit pension plans and a post-retirement health plan. The defined benefit plans cover certain non-U.S. employees and retirees and the pension benefits are based principally on an employee's years of service and/or compensation levels near retirement. 
 
 The amounts recognized in our consolidated financial statements related to our defined-benefit pension and other post-retirement plans are determined from actuarial valuations. Inherent in these valuations are assumptions, including: expected return on plan assets, discount rates and rate of increase in future compensation levels. These assumptions are updated annually and are disclosed for our Direct Plans in ITEM 8, Note 12 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect our pension and other post-retirement obligations and future expense. 
 
 We recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains or losses for pension and other post-retirement benefits annually in the fourth quarter each year mark-to-market adjustment and, if applicable, in any quarter in which an interim remeasurement is triggered. Net actuarial gains and losses occur when the actual experience differs from any of the various assumptions used to value our pension and other post-retirement plans or when assumptions change, as they may each year. The primary factors contributing to actuarial gains and losses each year are (1) changes in the discount rate used to value pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations as of the measurement date and (2) differences between the expected and the actual return on plan assets. This accounting method also results in the potential for volatile and difficult to forecast mark-to-market adjustments. Mark-to-market adjustments resulted in a pre-tax gain of 66.3 million and 15.2 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and a pre-tax expense of 8.7 million in 2020. The remaining components of pension expense, including service and interest costs and estimated return on plan assets, are recorded on a quarterly basis as ongoing pension expense. 
 Discount rates 
 The discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year based on our December 31 measurement date. The discount rates on our pension plans ranged from 1.00 to 5.25 , 0.25 to 3.25 and 0.00 to 2.75 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The discount rates are determined by matching high-quality, fixed-income debt instruments with maturities corresponding to the expected timing of benefit payments as of the annual measurement date for each of the various plans. There are no known or anticipated changes in our discount rate assumptions that will materially impact our pension expense in 2023. 
 Expected rates of return 
 The expected rates of return on our pension plan assets ranged from 1.00 to 4.75 , 1.00 to 4.50 and 1.00 to 5.00 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The expected rate of return is designed to be a long-term assumption that may be subject to considerable year-to-year variance from actual returns. In developing the expected long-term rate of return, we considered our historical returns, with consideration given to forecasted economic conditions, our asset allocations, input from external consultants and broader long-term market indices. Any difference in the expected rate and actual returns will be included with the actuarial gain or loss recorded in the fourth quarter when our plans are remeasured. 
 
 Sensitivity to changes in key assumptions 
 A 0.25 percentage point change in the discount rates used to measure our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans is estimated to have an impact on our total projected benefit obligation of approximately 5.0 million. A 0.25 percentage point change in the assumed rate of return on pension assets or discount rates for our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans is estimated to have no material impact on our ongoing pension expense. These estimates exclude any potential mark-to-market adjustments. 
 
 Income taxes 
 In determining taxable income for financial statement purposes, we must make certain estimates and judgments. These estimates and judgments affect the calculation of certain tax liabilities and the determination of the recoverability of certain of the deferred tax assets, which arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets we consider all available positive and negative evidence including our past operating results, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent years and our forecast of future taxable income. In estimating future taxable income, we develop assumptions including the amount of future pre-tax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. 
 
 38 

We maintain valuation allowances with respect to our deferred tax assets unless it is more likely than not that all or a portion of such deferred tax assets will be realized. Our income tax expense recorded in the future may be reduced to the extent of decreases in our valuation allowances. The realization of our remaining deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on future taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction. Any reduction in future taxable income including but not limited to any future restructuring activities may require that we record an additional valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. An increase in the valuation allowance could result in additional income tax expense in such period and could have a significant impact on our future earnings. 
 
 Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Management records the effect of a tax rate or law change on nVent s deferred tax assets and liabilities in the period of enactment. Future tax rate or law changes could have a material effect on nVent s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 In addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. We perform reviews of our income tax positions on a quarterly basis and accrue for uncertain tax positions. We recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the tax jurisdictions in which we operate based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. These tax liabilities are reflected net of related tax loss carryforwards. As events change or resolution occurs, these liabilities are adjusted, such as in the case of audit settlements with taxing authorities. The ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional charge to expense would result. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. We recognize the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. 
 
 39 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is the potential economic loss that may result from adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments. We are exposed to various market risks, including changes in interest rates and foreign currency rates. Periodically, we use derivative financial instruments for the purpose of hedging interest rate and currency exposures. The major accounting policies and utilization of these instruments is described more fully in ITEM 8, Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Foreign currency risk 
 We conduct business in various locations throughout the world and are subject to market risk due to changes in the value of foreign currencies in relation to our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. Periodically, we use derivative financial instruments to manage these risks. The functional currencies of our foreign operating locations are generally the local currency in the country of domicile. We manage these operating activities at the local level and revenues, costs, assets and liabilities are generally denominated in local currencies, thereby mitigating the risk associated with changes in foreign exchange. However, our results of operations and assets and liabilities are reported in U.S. dollars and thus will fluctuate with changes in exchange rates between such local currencies and the U.S. dollar. 
 
 From time to time, we may enter into foreign currency contracts to hedge certain foreign currency risks. As the majority of our foreign currency contracts have an original maturity date of less than one year, there is no material risk of fluctuations in the value of these contracts. Counterparties to all derivative contracts are major financial institutions. All instruments are entered into for other than trading purposes. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts, including those related to cross currency swaps that qualify as a hedge of future cash flows, with gross notional U.S. dollar equivalent amounts of 462.6 million and 482.2 million, respectively. Changes in the fair value of all derivatives that do not qualify as a hedge of future cash flows are recognized immediately in income. Gains and losses related to a hedge are deferred and recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) when the hedged item affects earnings. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a gross notional U.S. dollar equivalent amount of 63.7 million and 68.1 million designated as a net investment hedge for a portion of our net investment in our Euro denominated subsidiaries. The hedge is intended to reduce, but will not eliminate, the impact on our financial results of changes in the exchange rate between the Euro and the U.S. dollar. The currency risk related to the net investment hedge is measured by estimating the potential impact of a 10 change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the Euro. The rates used to perform this analysis were based on the market exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2022. A 10 appreciation or depreciation of the U.S. dollar relative to the Euro would result in a 5.8 million net increase or a 7.1 million net decrease, respectively, in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) . However, these increases or decreases in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) would be offset by decreases or increases in the hedged net investments on our balance sheet due to currency translation. 
 Interest rate risk 
 Our debt portfolio as of December 31, 2022 was comprised of debt denominated in U.S. dollars. The debt portfolio is comprised of approximately 73 fixed-rate debt and 27 variable-rate debt. Changes in interest rates have different impacts on the fixed and variable-rate portions of our debt portfolio. A change in interest rates on the fixed portion of the debt portfolio impacts the fair value, but has no impact on interest incurred or cash flows. A change in interest rates on the variable portion of the debt portfolio impacts the interest incurred and cash flows but does not impact the net financial instrument position. 
 Based on the fixed-rate debt included in our debt portfolio, as of December 31, 2022, a 100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would result in a 39.8 million decrease or a 42.7 million increase in fair value, respectively. 
 Based on the variable-rate debt included in our debt portfolio as of December 31, 2022, a 100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would result in a 2.9 million increase or decrease in interest incurred. 

40 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management of nVent Electric plc and its subsidiaries (the "Company") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued an attestation report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. That attestation report is set forth immediately following this management report. 
 
 Beth A. Wozniak Sara E. Zawoyski Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 41 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 nVent Electric plc 
 London, United Kingdom 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of nVent Electric plc and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 42 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 nVent Electric plc 
 London, United Kingdom 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of nVent Electric plc and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operation and other comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill - Thermal Management Reporting Unit - Refer to Notes 1 and 6 to the financial statements 
 
 The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units using income and market approaches. The determination of the fair value using an income approach involves the use of a discounted cash flow model that requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to future revenues and expenses, projected capital expenditures, changes in working capital and discount rates. The determination of the fair value using the market approach requires management to make significant assumptions related to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA") multiples. The goodwill balance for the Thermal Management reporting unit was 711.7 million as of December 31, 2022, and no impairment was recognized as the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value as of the measurement date. 
 Given the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit and the difference between the fair value and carrying value, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to selection of the discount rates, EBITDA multiples, and forecasts of future revenues and operating 
 43 

margins, required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to significant estimates and assumptions for the Thermal Management reporting unit included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over goodwill, including those over the underlying assumptions to forecast future revenue and operating margins, the selection of the discount rate, and the selection of the EBITDA multiples. 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast future revenues and operating margins by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts by comparing the forecasts to (1) historical results, (2) internal communications to management and the Board of Directors, and (3) forecasted information included in Company press releases, analyst and industry reports of the Company and companies in its peer group. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the discount rate, including testing the underlying source information and the mathematical accuracy of the calculations, and developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the EBITDA multiples used in estimating fair value, including testing the underlying source information and mathematical accuracy of the calculations, and comparing the multiples selected by management to its guideline companies. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we compared the aggregated fair value estimates of the Company s reporting units to the Company s market capitalization and evaluated the implied control premium. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017. 

44 

nVent Electric plc 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 Years ended December 31 In millions, except per-share data 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative Research and development Impairment of goodwill and trade names Operating income Net interest expense Loss on early extinguishment of debt Other expense (income) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Net income (loss) ) Changes in cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Changes in market value of derivative financial instruments, net of tax Comprehensive income (loss) ) Earnings (loss) per ordinary share Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

nVent Electric plc 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 December 31 In millions, except per-share data 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts and notes receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets Goodwill Intangibles, net Other non-current assets Total other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt and short-term borrowings Accounts payable Employee compensation and benefits Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Other liabilities Long-term debt Pension and other post-retirement compensation and benefits Deferred tax liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 17) Equity Ordinary shares par value, million authorized, million and million issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 46 

nVent Electric plc 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years ended December 31 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities 
 Depreciation Amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Share-based compensation Loss on early extinguishment of debt Impairment of goodwill and trade names Pension and other post-retirement expense (income) ) ) Pension and other post-retirement contributions ) ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of business acquisitions Accounts and notes receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Other current assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Employee compensation and benefits ) ) Other current liabilities Other non-current assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities 
 Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities 
 ) ) ) Financing activities Net receipts (repayments) of revolving credit facility ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Settlement of cross currency swaps Settlement of interest rate swap Debt issuance costs ) Premium paid on early extinguishment of debt ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Shares issued to employees, net of shares surrendered Repurchases of ordinary shares ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities 
 ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest, net Cash paid for income taxes, net 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

nVent Electric plc 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 In millions 
 Ordinary shares Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total Number Amount Balance - December 31, 2019 ) Net loss Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends declared Share repurchases Exercise of options, net of shares tendered for payment Issuance of restricted shares, net of cancellations Shares surrendered by employees to pay taxes Share-based compensation Balance - December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends declared ) ) Share repurchases ) ) ) Exercise of options, net of shares tendered for payment Issuance of restricted shares, net of cancellations Shares surrendered by employees to pay taxes ) ) ) Share-based compensation Balance - December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Share repurchases ) ) ) Exercise of options, net of shares tendered for payment Issuance of restricted shares, net of cancellations Shares surrendered by employees to pay taxes ) ) ) Share-based compensation Balance - December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

1. 
 reporting segments: Enclosures, Electrical Fastening Solutions and Thermal Management. 
 
 The Company was incorporated in Ireland on May 30, 2017. Although our jurisdiction of organization is Ireland, we manage our affairs so that we are centrally managed and controlled in the United Kingdom (the "U.K.") and have tax residency in the U.K. 

, and of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract with our customer are satisfied; generally this occurs with the transfer of control upon shipment. 
 Revenue from products and services transferred to customers over time accounted for , and of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the majority of our revenue recognized over time, we use an input measure to determine progress towards completion. Under this method, sales and gross profit are recognized as work is performed generally based on the relationship between the actual costs incurred and the total estimated costs at completion ("the cost-to-cost method") or based on efforts for measuring progress towards completion in situations in which this approach is more representative of the progress on the contract than the cost-to-cost method. Contract costs include labor, material, overhead and, when appropriate, general and administrative expenses. Changes to the original estimates may be required during the life of the contract and such estimates are reviewed on a regular basis. Sales and gross profit are adjusted using the cumulative catch-up method for revisions in estimated total contract costs. These reviews have not resulted in adjustments that 
 49 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

50 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

No customer receivable balances exceeded 10 of total net receivable balances as of December 31, 2022 or 

to 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements to 
 Machinery and equipment to 

Significant improvements that add to productive capacity or extend the lives of properties are capitalized. Costs for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. When property is retired or otherwise disposed of, the recorded cost of the assets and their related accumulated depreciation are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets and any related gains or losses are included in income. 
 
 We recorded no material impairment expense in 2022, 2021 or 2020 related to long-lived assets. 
 
 51 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Mexico EMEA (1) 
 Rest of World (2) 
 Consolidated (1) EMEA includes Europe, Middle East and Africa 
 (2) Rest of World includes Latin America and Asia-Pacific 

million related to the Thermal Management reporting unit. The impairment resulted in a million income tax benefit associated with the proportionate share of tax deductible goodwill. The impairment expense is included in Impairment of goodwill and trade names on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). There was no impairment expense recorded in 2022 or 2021 related to goodwill. 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets 
 Our primary identifiable intangible assets include customer relationships, trade names, proprietary technologies and patents. Identifiable intangibles with definite lives are amortized and those identifiable intangibles with indefinite lives are not amortized. Identifiable intangible assets that are subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Identifiable intangible assets not subject to amortization are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events warrant. We complete our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter each year for those identifiable assets not subject to amortization. 
 
 hy described below. 
 52 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

million related to certain trade names. The impairment expense was recorded in Impairment of goodwill and trade names in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). There was impairment expense recorded in 2022 or 2021 related to identifiable intangible assets. 

53 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

54 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

2. 
 
 Developed Europe (1) 
 Developing (2) 
 Other Developed (3) 
 Total 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 In millions Enclosures Electrical Fastening Solutions Thermal Management Total U.S. and Canada Developed Europe (1) 
 Developing (2) 
 Other Developed (3) 
 Total 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 In millions Enclosures Electrical Fastening Solutions Thermal Management Total U.S. and Canada Developed Europe (1) 
 Developing (2) 
 Other Developed (3) 
 Total (1) Developed Europe includes Western Europe and Eastern Europe included in European Union and the United Kingdom. 
 (2) Developing includes China, Eastern Europe not included in European Union, Latin America, Middle East and Southeast Asia. 
 (3) Other Developed includes Australia and Japan. 
 
 Vertical net sales information was as follows: Year ended December 31, 2022 
 In millions Enclosures Electrical Fastening Solutions Thermal Management Total Industrial Commercial Residential Infrastructure Energy Total 
 55 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Commercial Residential Infrastructure Energy Total 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 In millions Enclosures Electrical Fastening Solutions Thermal Management Total Industrial Commercial Residential Infrastructure Energy Total 
 During 2022, for purposes of how we assess performance, we determined that certain revenue was better aligned with the infrastructure and commercial residential verticals, rather than the industrial and energy verticals, where it was previously reported. For comparability, we have reclassified revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 to conform to the new presentation. This reclassification of revenue by vertical had no impact on our consolidated financial results. 
 
 Contract balances 
 ) Contract liabilities Net contract assets ) 
 In millions December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 
 Change Change Contract assets Contract liabilities Net contract assets ) 
 The million and the million decreases in net contract assets in 2022 and 2021, respectively, were primarily the result of timing of milestone payments. The majority of our contract liabilities at December 31, 2021 and 2020 were recognized in revenue as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. There were material impairment losses recognized on our contract assets for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Remaining performance obligations 
 We have elected the practical expedient to disclose only the value of remaining performance obligations for contracts with an original expected length of one year or more. On December 31, 2022, we had million of remaining performance obligations on contracts with original expected duration of one year or more. We expect to recognize the majority of our remaining performance obligations on these contracts within the next twelve to . 
 
 3. 
 , and employees, respectively. 
 56 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Other Total restructuring costs 
 Other restructuring costs primarily consist of asset impairment and various contract termination costs. 
 
 Electrical Fastening Solutions Thermal Management Other Consolidated 
 Costs incurred Cash payments and other ) ) Ending balance 
 
 4. 
 ) Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding Basic Dilutive impact of stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units Diluted Earnings (loss) per ordinary share Basic earnings (loss) per ordinary share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per ordinary share ) Anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings (loss) per share 
 As a result of the Company s net loss during the year ended December 31, 2020, million of outstanding stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units were not included in the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

57 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

5. 
 million in cash. The U.S. based WBT business manufactures high-quality cable tray systems that will be marketed as part of the nVent CADDY product line within our Electrical and Fastening Solutions segment and nVent HOFFMAN product line within our Enclosures segment. 
 
 The excess purchase price over tangible net assets and identified intangible assets acquired has been allocated to goodwill in the amount of million, substantially all of which is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Identifiable intangible assets acquired included million of definite-lived customer relationships with an estimated useful life of years. 
 
 On April 1, 2021, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Vynckier Enclosure Systems, Inc. ("Vynckier") for approximately million in cash. Vynckier is a U.S. based manufacturer of high-quality non-metallic enclosures that we market as part of the nVent HOFFMAN product line within our Enclosures segment. 
 
 The excess purchase price over tangible net assets and identified intangible assets acquired has been allocated to goodwill in the amount of million, substantially all of which is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Identifiable intangible assets acquired included million of definite-lived customer relationships with an estimated useful life of years. 
 
 On June 30, 2021, we acquired CIS Global LLC ("CIS Global") for approximately million in cash. The CIS Global business is a leading provider of intelligent rack power distribution and server slides products, and operates within our Enclosures segment. The purchase price was funded primarily through borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined in Note 9). 
 
 The excess purchase price over tangible net assets and identified intangible assets acquired has been allocated to goodwill in the amount of million, of which million is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Identifiable intangible assets acquired included million of definite-lived customer relationships with an estimated useful life of years and million of developed technology with an estimated useful life of years to years. 
 
 The pro forma impact of these acquisitions is not material individually or in the aggregate. 

6. 
 ) Electrical Fastening Solutions Thermal Management ) Total goodwill ) 
 In millions December 31, 2020 Acquisitions/ divestitures Foreign currency translation/other December 31, 2021 Enclosures ) Electrical Fastening Solutions Thermal Management Total goodwill ) 
 There was no impairment expense recorded in 2022 or 2021 related to goodwill. In 2020, we recognized pre-tax, non-cash impairment expense of million related to goodwill in the Thermal Management reporting unit. 
 58 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

) ) Proprietary technologies and patents 
 ) ) Total definite-life intangibles ) ) Indefinite-life intangibles Trade names Total intangibles ) ) 
 Identifiable intangible asset amortization expense in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. There was no impairment expense recorded in 2022 or 2021 related to trade names. In 2020, we recognized pre-tax, non-cash impairment expense of million related to certain trade names. 

59 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

7. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories Other current assets Contract assets Prepaid expenses Prepaid income taxes Cross currency swap assets Other current assets Total other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Land and land improvements Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization Total property, plant and equipment, net Other non-current assets Deferred compensation plan assets Lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets Total other non-current assets Other current liabilities Dividends payable Accrued rebates Contract liabilities Accrued taxes payable Current lease liabilities Accrued interest Other current liabilities Total other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities Income taxes payable Deferred compensation plan liabilities Non-current lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total other non-current liabilities 
 
 60 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

8.) ) Change in market value of derivative financial instruments, net of tax Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 9. 
 Senior notes - fixed rate 2031 Senior notes - fixed rate 2028 Term loan facility 2026 Unamortized issuance costs and discounts N/A N/A ) ) Total debt Less: Current maturities and short-term borrowings ) ) Long-term debt 
 Senior notes 
 In March 2018, nVent Finance S. r.l. nVent Finance or "Subsidiary Issuer"), a 100-percent owned subsidiary of nVent, issued million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2023 (the "2023 Notes") and million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2028 (the "2028 Notes"). 
 
 In November 2021, nVent Finance issued million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2031 (the "2031 Notes" and, collectively with the 2028 Notes, the "Notes"). In December 2021, the Company redeemed the million aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes. We incurred costs of million related to the early extinguishment of the 2023 Notes, which was recorded as Loss on the early extinguishment of debt in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 Interest on the 2028 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, and interest on the 2031 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year. 
 
 The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to payment by nVent (the "Parent Company Guarantor"). There are no subsidiaries that guarantee the Notes. The Parent Company Guarantor is a holding company that has no independent assets or operations unrelated to its investments in consolidated subsidiaries. The Subsidiary Issuer is a holding company that has no independent assets or operations unrelated to its investments in consolidated subsidiaries and the issuance of the Notes and other external debt. The Parent Company Guarantor s principal source of cash flow, including cash flow to make payments on the Notes pursuant to the guarantees, is dividends from its subsidiaries. The Subsidiary Issuer s principal source of cash flow is interest income from its subsidiaries. None of the subsidiaries of the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer is under any direct obligation to pay or otherwise fund amounts due on the Notes or the guarantees, whether in the form of dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. In addition, there may be statutory and regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends from certain subsidiaries of the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer. If such subsidiaries are unable to transfer funds to the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer and sufficient cash or liquidity is not otherwise available, the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer may not be able to make principal and interest payments on their outstanding debt, including the Notes or the guarantees. 
 
 The Notes constitute general unsecured senior obligations of the Subsidiary Issuer and rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future unsubordinated and unsecured indebtedness and liabilities of the Subsidiary Issuer. The guarantees of the Notes by the Parent Company Guarantor constitute general unsecured obligations of the Parent Company Guarantor and rank 
 61 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

million senior unsecured term loan facility and a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 In September 2021, the Company and its subsidiaries nVent Finance and Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc. entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with a syndicate of banks providing for a million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "Term Loan Facility") and a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility") and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the "Senior Credit Facilities" which amended and restated the March 2018 credit agreement. Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility are permitted on a delayed draw basis during the first year of the term of the Term Loan Facility, and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are permitted from time to time during the full term of the Revolving Credit Facility. In September 2022, nVent exercised the delayed draw provision of the Term Loan Facility, increasing the total borrowings under the Term Loan Facility by million to million. nVent Finance has the option to request to increase the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate amount of up to million, subject to customary conditions, including the commitment of the participating lenders. 
 
 Borrowings under the Senior Credit Facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an adjusted base rate, London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), Euro Interbank Offer Rate EURIBOR or Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA ), plus, in each case, an applicable margin. The applicable margin will be based on, at nVent Finance s election, the Company's leverage level or public credit rating. In December 2022, we amended the Senior Credit Facilities to replace the LIBOR-based interest rate benchmark with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility was million. 
 
 Our debt agreements contain certain financial covenants, the most restrictive of which are in the Senior Credit Facilities, including that we may not permit (i) the ratio of our consolidated debt (net of our consolidated unrestricted cash in excess of million but not to exceed million) to our consolidated net income (excluding, among other things, non-cash gains and losses) before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and non-cash share-based compensation expense ("EBITDA") on the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters (each, a "testing period") to exceed to 1.00 (or, at nVent Finance s election and subject to certain conditions, 4.25 to 1.00 for four testing periods in connection with certain material acquisitions) and (ii) the ratio of our EBITDA to our consolidated interest expense for the same period to be less than to 1.00. In addition, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, the Senior Credit Facilities also contain covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to create liens, merge or consolidate with another person, make acquisitions and incur subsidiary debt. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial covenants in our debt agreements, and there is no material uncertainty about our ongoing ability to meet those covenants. 

10. 
 62 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

million and million, respectively. The impact of these contracts on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) was not material for any period presented. 
 
 Cross currency swaps 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had outstanding cross currency swap agreements with a combined notional amount of million and million, respectively. The agreements are accounted for as either cash flow hedges or fair value hedges, to hedge foreign currency fluctuations on certain intercompany debt, or as net investment hedges, to manage our exposure to fluctuations in the Euro-U.S. Dollar exchange rate. In 2022, as a result of an early settlement of a cross currency swap instrument, million of cash flows has been reflected as a component of financing cash flows and million of expense was recorded to Selling, general and administrative expense from Accumulated other comprehensive loss . We entered a cross currency swap with a gross notional U.S. dollar equivalent amount of million to replace the terminated agreement, which we designated as a fair value hedge to offset foreign currency risk associated with intercompany debt. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had deferred foreign currency gains of million and million, respectively, in Accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with our cross currency swap activity. 
 
 Interest rate swaps 
 We are also exposed to interest rate risk fluctuations in connection with the planned issuance of long-term debt. To manage the volatility related to this exposure, we may use forward starting interest rate swaps to fix a portion of the interest cost associated with anticipated future financings. In 2020, we entered into a forward starting interest rate swap to hedge the variability of cash flows attributable to changes in the benchmark swap interest rate (London Inter-Bank Offer Rate) associated with the anticipated refinancing of the 2023 Notes. The interest rate swap contract had a notional amount of million, and was settled in the fourth quarter of 2021 in conjunction with the issuance of the 2031 Notes. Accordingly, cash flows of million relating to the settlement of interest rate swaps hedging the forecasted issuance of debt have been reflected as a component of financing cash flows. The resulting gain from the settlement is deferred to Accumulated other comprehensive loss , and is being reclassified to interest expense over the term of the 2031 Notes (underlying debt). 
 Fair value of financial instruments 
 The following methods were used to estimate the fair values of each class of financial instrument: 
 short-term financial instruments (cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable, accounts and notes payable and variable-rate debt) recorded amount approximates fair value because of the short maturity period; 
 long-term fixed-rate debt, including current maturities fair value is based on market quotes available for issuance of debt with similar terms, which are inputs that are classified as Level 2 in the valuation hierarchy defined by the accounting guidance; 
 cross currency swap, foreign currency contract and interest rate swap agreements fair values are determined through the use of models that consider various assumptions, including time value, yield curves, as well as other relevant economic measures, which are observable inputs that are classified as Level 2 in the valuation hierarchy defined by the accounting guidance; and 
 deferred compensation plan assets (mutual funds, common/collective trusts and cash equivalents for payment of certain non-qualified benefits for retired, terminated and active employees) fair value of mutual funds and cash equivalents are based on quoted market prices in active markets that are classified as Level 1 in the valuation hierarchy defined by the accounting guidance; fair value of common/collective trusts are valued at net asset value ("NAV"), which is based on the fair value of the underlying securities owned by the fund divided by the number of shares outstanding. 
 63 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Fixed rate debt Total debt 
 
 ) ) Cross currency swap assets Foreign currency contract liabilities ) ) Foreign currency contract assets Deferred compensation plan assets Total recurring fair value measurements 
 Recurring fair value measurements 2021 In millions Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 NAV Total Cross currency swap liabilities ) ) Cross currency swap assets Cross currency contract liabilities ) ) Foreign currency contract assets Deferred compensation plan assets Total recurring fair value measurements 
 64 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

11.) ) ) International (2) 
 ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 (1) "Federal" reflects U.K. income (loss) before income taxes. 
 (2) "International" reflects non-U.K. income (loss) before income taxes. 
 Total current taxes Deferred Federal (2) 
 ) International (1) 
 ) ) ) Total deferred taxes ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 (1) "International" represents non-U.K. taxes. 
 (2) "Federal" represents U.K. taxes. 
 Tax effect of international operations (2) 
 ) Change in valuation allowances ) ) Withholding taxes ) Excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation ) ) Tax effect of goodwill impairment ) Effective tax rate (3) 
 
 (1) The statutory rate for 2022, 2021 and 2020 reflects the U.K. statutory rate of . 
 (2) The tax effect of international operations consists of non-U.K. jurisdictions. 
 (3) The Company's effective tax rate for the period ended December 31, 2020 is negative due to the loss before income taxes, resulting primarily from the impairment of goodwill, compared to the net tax expense recorded for the period. 
 65 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Gross increases for tax positions in prior periods Gross decreases for tax positions in prior periods ) ) ) Gross increases based on tax positions related to the current year Gross decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities ) ) ) Reductions due to statute expiration ) ) ) Gross increases (decreases) due to currency fluctuations ) Gross increases due to acquisitions Ending balance 
 
 We record gross unrecognized tax benefits in Other current liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Included in the million of total gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 was million of tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. It is reasonably possible that the gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 may decrease by a range of to million during 2023, primarily as a result of the resolution of non-U.K. examinations and the expiration of various statutes of limitations. 
 
 Based on the outcome of tax examinations, or as a result of the expiration of statute of limitations for specific jurisdictions, it is reasonably possible that certain unrecognized tax benefits for tax positions taken on previously filed tax returns will materially change from those recorded as liabilities in our financial statements. A number of tax periods from 2014 to present are under audit by tax authorities in various jurisdictions, including the U.S., Canada, India, Germany, and Mexico, and certain U.S. states. We anticipate that several of these audits may be concluded in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We record penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in Provision for income taxes and Net interest expense , respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have liabilities of million and million, respectively, for the possible payment of penalties and million and million, respectively, for the possible payment of interest expense, which are recorded in Other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 For 2022, we consider substantially all foreign earnings to be indefinitely reinvested. These earnings relate to ongoing operations and have been reinvested in active business operations. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of tax 
 that might be payable if such earnings were to be remitted. Deferred taxes, if necessary, have been provided on earnings of non-U.S. affiliates whose earnings are not indefinitely reinvested. 
 
 Deferred taxes arise because of different treatment between financial statement accounting and tax accounting, known as "temporary differences." We record the tax effect of these temporary differences as "deferred tax assets" (generally items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in future periods) and "deferred tax liabilities" (generally items for which we received a tax deduction but the tax impact has not yet been recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)). 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities 
 66 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Pension and other post-retirement compensation and benefits Employee compensation and benefits Tax loss and credit carryforwards Interest limitation Other assets Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Property, plant and equipment Goodwill and other intangibles Other liabilities Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities 
 
 Included in tax loss and credit carryforwards in the table above is a deferred tax asset of million as of December 31, 2022 related to foreign tax credit carryover from the tax period ended December 31, 2017 and related to transition taxes. The entire amount is subject to a valuation allowance. The foreign tax credit is eligible for carryforward until the tax period ending December 31, 2027. 
 
 million were available to offset future income. A valuation allowance of million exists for deferred income tax benefits related to the tax loss carryforwards which may not be realized. We believe sufficient taxable income will be generated in the respective jurisdictions to allow us to fully recover the remainder of the tax losses. The tax losses relate to non-U.S. carryforwards which are subject to varying expiration periods. Non-U.S. carryforwards of million are located in jurisdictions with unlimited tax loss carryforward periods, while the remainder will begin to expire in 2023. 

12. 
 67 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation end of year Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets beginning of year 
 Actual return on plan assets ) Company contributions Foreign currency translation ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets end of year 
 Funded status Fair value of plan assets end of year 
 Benefit obligation end of year 
 Benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of plan assets 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 The actuarial gains during 2022 and 2021 are primarily attributable to the increase in discount rates from the prior year. 
 Current liabilities ) ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) ) ) Benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of plan assets 
 ) ) ) ) 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit plans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 68 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Fair value of plan assets Accumulated benefit obligation N/A N/A 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Plan curtailment gain ) Net periodic benefit expense (income) ) ) 
 Components of net periodic benefit expense for our post-retirement plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were not material. 
 Assumptions 
 Rate of compensation increase 

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit expense for years ended December 31 were as follows: 
 Pension plans Post-retirement health plan Percentages 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate Expected long-term return on plan assets 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 
 Uncertainty in the securities markets and U.S. economy could result in investment returns less than those assumed. Should the securities markets decline or medical and prescription drug costs increase at a rate greater than assumed, we would expect increasing annual combined net pension and other post-retirement costs for the next several years. Should actual experience differ from actuarial assumptions, the projected pension benefit obligation and net pension cost and accumulated other post-retirement benefit obligation and other post-retirement benefit cost would be affected in future years. 
 Discount rates 
 The discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year based on our December 31 measurement date. The discount rates on our pension plans ranged from to , to and to in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The discount rates are determined by matching high-quality, fixed-income debt instruments with maturities corresponding to the expected timing of benefit payments as of the annual measurement date for each of the various plans. There are no known or anticipated changes in our discount rate assumptions that will materially impact our pension expense in 2023. 
 69 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

to , to and to in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The expected rate of return is designed to be a long-term assumption that may be subject to considerable year-to-year variance from actual returns. In developing the expected long-term rate of return, we considered our historical returns, with consideration given to forecasted economic conditions, our asset allocations, input from external consultants and broader longer-term market indices. Any difference in the expected rate and actual returns will be included with the actuarial gain or loss recorded in the fourth quarter when our plans are remeasured. 
 Pension plans assets 
 Objective 
 The primary objective of our investment strategy is to meet the pension obligation to our employees at a reasonable cost to us. This is primarily accomplished through growth of capital and safety of the funds invested. 
 Asset allocation 
 The majority of our pension plan assets are invested in fixed income and equity securities which is consistent with our investment policy goals. 
 Fixed income Alternative investments Cash equivalents 
 
 Fair value measurement 
 Fixed income: Corporate and Non U.S. government Other investments (alternative investments) Total investments at fair value Investments measured at net asset value (equity securities) Total 
 
 Valuation methodologies used for investments measured at fair value, each of which is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, were as follows: 
 cash equivalents Cash equivalents consist of investments in commingled funds valued based on observable market data. 
 fixed income Investments in corporate bonds, government securities, mortgages and asset backed securities were valued based upon quoted market prices for similar securities and other observable market data. Investments in commingled funds were generally valued at the net asset value of units held at the end of the period based upon the value of the underlying investments as determined by quoted market prices or by a pricing service. 
 other investments Other investments include investments in commingled funds with diversified investment strategies. Investments in commingled funds were valued at the net asset value of units held at the end of the period based upon the value of the underlying investments as determined by quoted market prices or by a pricing service. 
 Cash flows 
 Contributions 
 Pension and post-retirement plan contributions totaled million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 2023 expected contributions will equal or exceed our minimum funding requirements of million. 
 
 70 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 Savings plan 
 nVent is the plan sponsor of a 401(k) retirement plan (nVent Management Company Retirement Savings and Incentive Plan or "401(k) plan") and employee share ownership plan (nVent Electric plc Employee Stock Purchase and Bonus Plan). The 401(k) plan covers certain union and all non-union U.S. employees who met certain age requirements. Under the 401(k) plan, eligible U.S. employees could voluntarily contribute a percentage of their eligible compensation and we match contributions made by employees who met certain eligibility and service requirements. During the first half of 2020, the matching contribution was of eligible employee contributions for the first of eligible contributions contributed as pre-tax contribution. In response to the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, effective July 1, 2020, the employer matching contributions were reduced to of the first of eligible compensation contributed as pre-tax contribution. On January 1, 2021, the Company increased the employer matching contributions to of the first of eligible compensation, and on July 1, 2021, the Company increased the employer matching contributions back to of the first of eligible compensation, which remained in place during 2022. Expense for the 401(k) plan was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

13. 
 million ordinary shares with a par value of per share. 
 Share repurchases 
 On July 23, 2018, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our ordinary shares up to a maximum dollar limit of million (the "2018 Authorization"). On February 19, 2019, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our ordinary shares up to a maximum dollar limit of million (the "2019 Authorization"). The 2018 Authorization and the 2019 Authorization expired on July 23, 2021. 
 
 On May 14, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our ordinary shares up to a maximum dollar limit of million (the "2021 Authorization"). The 2021 Authorization began on July 23, 2021 upon expiration of the 2018 Authorization and the 2019 Authorization, and expires on July 22, 2024. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased million of our ordinary shares for million under the 2021 Authorization. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased million of our ordinary shares for million under the 2018 Authorization and the 2021 Authorization. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding share repurchases recorded in Other current liabilities were million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had million available for repurchases under the 2021 Authorization. 
 Dividends 
 Dividends paid per ordinary share were for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 On December 12, 2022, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of that was paid on February 3, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on January 20, 2023. The balance of dividends payable included in Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 71 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

per ordinary share payable on May 
 12, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on April 28, 2023. 

14. 
 72 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Electrical Fastening Solutions Thermal Management Other ) ) ) Consolidated 
 No customer accounted for more than 10 of net sales in 2022, 2021 or 2020. Identifiable assets Depreciation In millions 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Enclosures Electrical Fastening Solutions Thermal Management Other Consolidated Capital expenditures In millions 2022 2021 2020 Enclosures Electrical Fastening Solutions Thermal Management Other Consolidated 
 Impairment of goodwill ) Impairment of trade names ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Restructuring and other ) ) ) Intangible amortization ) ) ) Pension and other post-retirement mark-to-market gain (loss) ) Acquisition transaction and integration costs ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other expense ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 
 15. 
 73 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Performance share units Stock options Total 
 
 The total income tax benefit recognized for share-based compensation arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Restricted stock units (RSUs) 
 Under the 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Company may award RSUs of our common stock to certain eligible employees and directors. RSUs generally vest one-third each year over a period of three years commencing on the grant date, subject to continuous employment and certain other conditions. The fair value of the RSUs are based on the closing price of the Company s stock on the date of grant, and are expensed over the vesting period. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to RSUs granted, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of RSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Performance share units PSUs 
 Under the 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Company may award PSUs whose vesting is based on the satisfaction of a service period of three years and the achievement of certain performance metrics over that same period. 
 
 For PSU awards granted in 2022 and 2021, the awards vest based on the satisfaction of a three-year service period and total shareholder return TSR relative to that of a group of peers. Awards earned at the end of the three-year vesting period range from 0 to 200 of the targeted number of PSUs granted based on the ranking of TSR of the Company, assuming reinvestment of all dividends, relative to a defined peer group of companies. Expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award, and is recognized irrespective of the market condition being achieved. 

74 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Expected share price volatility Grant-date fair value 
 
 For PSU awards granted in 2020, the awards vest based on the satisfaction of a three-year service period and achievement of certain performance metrics over that same period. The fair value of these PSUs was determined based on the closing market price of the Company s ordinary shares at the date of grant. Compensation expense is recognized over the period an employee is required to provide service based on the estimated vesting of the PSUs granted. The estimated vesting of the PSUs is based on the probability of achieving certain performance metrics during the vesting period. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to performance share compensation arrangements granted under the 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of PSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Stock Options 
 Under the 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Company may grant stock options to any eligible employee with an exercise price equal to the market value of the shares on the dates the options were granted. Options generally vest one-third each year over a period of three years commencing on the grant date and expire 10 years after the grant date. 
 
 Expected dividend yield Expected share price volatility Expected term (years) Weighted- average grant-date fair value for options granted during the year 
 
 These estimates require us to make assumptions based on historical results, observance of trends in our share price, changes in option exercise behaviors, future expectations and other relevant factors. If other assumptions had been used, share-based compensation expense, as calculated and recorded under the accounting guidance, could have been affected. 
 
 We based the expected life assumption on historical experience as well as the terms and vesting periods of the options granted. For purposes of determining expected volatility, we considered historical volatilities of peer companies over a period approximately equal to the expected option term. The risk-free rate for periods that coincide with the expected life of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury Department yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
 
 75 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Granted Exercised ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Options expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested options expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Cash received from option exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The actual tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from options exercised totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

16. 
 months or less are not recognized on the balance sheet; we recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. We elected the practical expedient for all leases to include both lease and non-lease components within our lease assets and lease liabilities. 
 Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees, any material bargain purchase options or material restrictive covenants. We have no material sublease arrangements with third parties or lease transactions with related parties. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, rent expense was million, million and million, respectively, primarily related to operating lease costs. Costs associated with short-term leases, variable rent and subleases were immaterial. 
 Our leases have remaining lease terms of one to ten years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to five years. Renewal options that are reasonably certain to be exercised are included in the lease term. The incremental borrowing rate is used in determining the present value of lease payments, unless an implicit rate is specified. Incremental borrowing rates on a collateralized basis are determined based on the economic environment in which leases are denominated and the lease term. 
 years years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 

76 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments 
 Less imputed interest ) Total reported lease liability 
 
 Lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 
 Liabilities Current lease liabilities Other current liabilities Non-current lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 17. 
 77 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

million and million, respectively. 
 Other matters 
 We are subject to disputes, administrative proceedings and other claims arising out of the normal conduct of our business. These matters generally relate to disputes arising out of the use or installation of our products, product liability litigation, personal injury claims, commercial and contract disputes and employment related matters. On the basis of information currently available, management does not believe that existing proceedings and claims will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. However, litigation is unpredictable, and we could incur judgments or enter into settlements for current or future claims that could adversely affect our financial statements. 
 78 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the year ended December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("the Exchange Act"). Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the year ended December 31, 2022 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The report of management required under this ITEM 9A is contained in ITEM 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption "Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting." 
 Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The attestation report required under this ITEM 9A is contained in ITEM 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm." 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 79 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information required under this item with respect to directors is contained in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders under the captions "Proposal 1 Elect Director Nominees" and "Corporate Governance Matters," and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information required under this item with respect to executive officers is contained in Part I of this Form 10-K under the caption "Information About Our Executive Officers." 
 Our Board of Directors adopted nVent's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and designated it as the code of ethics for the Company's Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics also applies to all employees and directors in accordance with New York Stock Exchange Listing Standards. We have posted a copy of nVent's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our website at https://investors.nvent.com/corporate-governance/ . We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendments to or waivers from, nVent's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on our website at https://investors.nvent.com/corporate-governance/ . 
 We are not including the information contained on our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this report. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information required under this item is contained in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders under the captions "Corporate Governance Matters - Director Compensation," "Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report," "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," and "Executive Compensation Tables" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information required under this item with respect to security ownership is contained in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders under the caption "Security Ownership" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The following table summarizes, as of December 31, 2022, information about compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance: 
 Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 
 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 6,700,834 (1) 
 24.78 (2) 
 12,227,174 (3) 
 Total 6,700,834 24.78 12,227,174 
 (1) Consists of 4,014,912 shares subject to stock options, 1,758,970 shares subject to restricted stock units and 926,952 shares subject to performance share awards. 
 (2) Represents the weighted average exercise price of outstanding stock options and does not take into account outstanding restricted stock units or performance share units. 
 (3) Represents securities remaining available for issuance under the 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 80 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information required under this item is contained in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders under the captions "Proposal 1 Re-elect Director Nominees - Director Independence" and "Corporate Governance Matters - The Board's Role and Responsibilities - Policies and Procedures Regarding Related Person Transactions" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information required under this item is contained in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders under the caption "Proposal 4 Ratify, by Non-Binding Advisory Vote, the Appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as the Independent Auditor of nVent Electric plc and to Authorize, by Binding Vote, the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors to Set the Auditor's Remuneration" and is incorporated herein by reference. Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID no. is our principal accountant. 
 81 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following information required under this item is filed as part of this report: 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this report are listed under Part II, ITEM 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 None. 
 All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (2) Exhibits 
 The exhibits of this Annual Report on Form 10-K included herein are set forth below. 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of nVent Electric plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on December 31, 2018 (File No. 333-224555)). 4.1 
 Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2018, among nVent Finance S. r.l, nVent Electric plc, Pentair plc, Pentair Investments Switzerland GmbH and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on March 26, 2018 (File No. 001-38265)). 4.2 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2018, among nVent Finance S. r.l, nVent Electric plc, Pentair plc, Pentair Investments Switzerland GmbH and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on March 26, 2018 (File No. 001-38265)). 4.3 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 30, 2018, among nVent Finance S. r.l, nVent Electric plc and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 in the Current Report on Form 8-K of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on April 30, 2018 (File No. 001-38265)). 
 4.4 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 23, 2021, among nVent Finance S. r.l, nVent Electric plc and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 in the Current Report on Form 8-K of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on November 23, 2021 (File No. 001-38265)). 
 4.5 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2021, among nVent Electric plc, nVent Finance S. r.l., Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc., the other affiliate borrowers from time to time party thereto and the lenders and agents party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 in the Current Report on Form 8-K of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on September 30, 2021 (File No. 001-38265)). 
 4.6 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 22, 2022, to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2021, among nVent Electric plc, nVent Finance S. r.l., Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc. and the lenders and agents party thereto. 
 4. 7 
 Description of Securities. 
 10.1 
 nVent Electric plc 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on March 31, 2020 (File No. 001-38265)). 10.2 
 Form of Executive Officer Stock Option Award Agreement for grants prior to December 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on May 8, 2018 (File No. 001-38265)). 10.3 
 Form of Executive Officer Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for grants prior to December 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on May 8, 2018 (File No. 001-38265)). 
 82 

10.4 
 Form of Executive Officer Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for grants prior to December 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on May 8, 2018 (File No. 001-38265)). 10.5 
 Description of nVent Electric plc Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on July 31, 2020 (File No. 001-38265)). 10.6 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for grants prior to December 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on February 25, 2022 (File No. 001-38265)). 10.7 
 Form of Key Executive Employment and Severance Agreement for Beth A. Wozniak, Michael B. Faulconer, Lynnette R. Heath, Jon D. Lammers, Aravind Padmanabhan, Joseph A. Ruzynski, Randolph A. Wacker, and Sara E. Zawoyski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on January 31, 2018 (File No. 001-38265)). 10.8 
 nVent Electric plc Employee Stock Purchase and Bonus Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on February 23, 2021 (File No. 001-38265)). 10.9 
 nVent Management Company Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 in the Current Report on Form 8-K of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on April 30, 2018 (File No. 001-38265)). 10.1 0 
 nVent Management Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 in the Current Report on Form 8-K of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on April 30, 2018 (File No. 001-38265)). 10. 11 
 Flow Control Supplemental Savings and Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on January 31, 2018 (File No. 001-38265)). 10.1 2 
 Form of Deed of Indemnification for directors and executive officers of nVent Electric plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on January 31, 2018 (File No. 001-38265)). 10. 13 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and executive officers of nVent Electric plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on January 31, 2018 (File No. 001-38265)). 10. 14 
 Form of Key Executive Employment and Severance Agreement for Robert J. van der Kolk (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on July 26, 2018 (File No. 001-38625)). 
 10. 15 
 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2018, by and between Pentair plc and nVent Electric plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 in the Current Report on Form 8-K of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on April 30, 2018 (File No. 001-38265)). 
 10. 16 
 Description of Amendment to the nVent Management Company Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on July 31, 2020 (File No. 001-38265)). 
 10. 17 
 nVent Electric plc Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy. 10.1 8 
 nVent Management Company Severance Plan for Executives effective March 1, 2019, as amended effective December 9, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on February 25, 2020 (File No. 001-38265)). 
 10. 19 
 Form of Executive Officer Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement with Stock Price Vesting (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on April 29, 2021 (File No. 001-38265)). 
 10. 20 
 Form of Executive Officer Stock Option Award Agreement for grants on or after December 11, 2022. 10. 21 
 Form of Executive Officer Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for grants on or after December 11, 2022. 10. 22 
 Form of Executive Officer Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for grants on or after December 11, 2022. 10. 23 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for grants on or after December 11, 2022. 21 
 List of nVent Electric plc subsidiaries. 
 83 

22 
 Guarantors and Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22 in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on February 25, 2022 (File No. 001-38265)). 
 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Deloitte Touche LLP. 24 
 Power of attorney. 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following materials from nVent Electric plc's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 are filed herewith, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 84 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 28, 2023. 
 NVENT ELECTRIC PLC By /s/ Sara E. Zawoyski Sara E. Zawoyski Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated, on February 28, 2023. 
 Signature Title /s/ Beth A. Wozniak Chief Executive Officer and Director Beth A. Wozniak /s/ Sara E. Zawoyski Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Sara E. Zawoyski /s/ Randolph A. Wacker Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer Randolph A. Wacker Director Jerry W. Burris Director Susan M. Cameron Director Michael L. Ducker Director Randall J. Hogan Director Danita K. Ostling Director Nicola Palmer Director Herbert K. Parker Director Greg Scheu Director Jacqueline Wright 
 By /s/ Jon D. Lammers Jon D. Lammers Attorney-in-fact 
 85 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 ex46amendedandrestatedcred.htm
 EX-4.6

Document 
 Exhibit 4.6 

 AMENDMENT NO. 1 
 
 Dated as of December 22, 2022 
 
 to 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Dated as of September 24, 2021 
 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 (this Amendment is made as of December 22, 2022 by and among nVent Finance S. r.l., a Luxembourg private limited liability company Soci t responsabilit limit e having its registered office at 26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register Registre de commerce et des soci t s , Luxembourg) under number B219846 (the Company ), nVent Electric plc, an Irish public limited company (the Parent ), and Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (collectively with the Company and the Parent, the Loan Parties ), the Lenders party hereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent ), under that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 by and among the Loan Parties, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Loan Parties have requested that the Lenders agree to make certain modifications to the Credit Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Loan Parties, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent have agreed to amend the Credit Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Loan Parties, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent hereby agree to enter into this Amendment. 
 
 1. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . Effective as of the date of satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 below (such date, the Amendment Effective Date ), the parties hereto agree that the Credit Agreement (including, to the extent contemplated by Annex A hereto, the Exhibits thereto) shall be amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text as set forth in the pages of the Credit Agreement (including the Exhibits thereto) attached as Annex A hereto (the Credit Agreement as so amended, the Amended Credit Agreement ). 
 2. Conditions of Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the first date on which each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied 
 
 a. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by each of the Loan Parties, each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. 
 1 

b. The Administrative Agent shall have received payment and or reimbursement of the Administrative Agent s and its affiliates fees and expenses (including, to the extent invoiced (in reasonable detail) at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Amendment Effective Date, the reasonable, documented and invoiced fees, disbursements and other charges of one primary counsel (and one additional local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent) in accordance with the Loan Documents. 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders of the Amendment Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 
 3. Representations and Warranties of the Loan Parties . Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants as follows 

a. Each of this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of each Loan Party enforceable against the applicable Loan Parties in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be limited by the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws now or hereafter affecting creditors rights generally, any mandatory applicable provisions of Luxembourg law of general application and general principles of equity. 
 
 b. As of the date hereof and immediately after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment, (i) no Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement (other than the representations contained in Sections 3.04(b) and 3.05 of the Amended Credit Agreement) are true and correct in all material respects provided that any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect is true and correct in all respects) , or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date. 
 
 4. Confirmation of Guarantees . The Parent, by its execution of this Amendment, hereby consents to this Amendment and confirms and ratifies that all of its obligations as a Guarantor under the Amended Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 5. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement . 
 
 a. From and after the effectiveness of the amendment to the Credit Agreement evidenced hereby, the terms Agreement , this Agreement , herein , hereinafter , hereto , hereof and words of similar import, as used in the Amended Credit Agreement, shall, unless the context otherwise requires, refer to the Amended Credit Agreement, and the term Credit Agreement , as used in the other Loan Documents, shall mean the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 b. Each Loan Document and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and or delivered in connection therewith shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 
 c. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement, the Loan Documents or any 
 2 

other documents, instruments and agreements executed and or delivered in connection therewith. 
 
 d. This Amendment shall be a Loan Document. 
 
 6. Governing Law Jurisdiction . This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to only the jurisdiction of (i) the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan) and (ii) any U.S. federal or Illinois state court sitting in Chicago, Illinois, and in each case any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Amendment or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may (and any such claims, cross-claims or third party claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such Federal (to the extent permitted by law) or New York State court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Amendment or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Amendment or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction . 
 
 7. Headings . Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 
 
 8. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), electronic deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. As used herein, Electronic Signatures means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 
 Signature Pages Follow 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 NVENT FINANCE S. R.L., 
 as the Company 

By s Sara Zawoyski 
 Name Sara Zawoyski 
 Title CFO, nVent 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

NVENT ELECTRIC plc, 
 as the Parent 

By s Benjamin Peric 
 Name Benjamin Peric 
 Title Director 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

HOFFMAN SCHROFF HOLDINGS, INC., 
 as a Borrower 

By s s Tyler Krutzig 
 Name Tyler Krutzig 
 Title V.P. Finance 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 individually as a Lender and as Administrative Agent 

By s Will Price 
 Name Will Price 
 Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By s Eric Hill 
 Name Eric Hill 
 Title Director 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

MUFG BANK, LTD. , 
 as a Lender 

By s Brett Parker 
 Name Brett Parker 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

CITIBANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By s James Oleskewicz 
 Name James Oleskewicz 
 Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By s Tyrone Parker 
 Name Tyrone Parker 
 Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 
 as a Lender 

By s Keshia Leday 
 Name Keshia Leday 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By s Ana Gaytan 
 Name Ana Gaytan 
 Title Assistant Vice President 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By s Casey P. Kelly 
 Name Casey P. Kelly 
 Title Director 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

BANK OF CHINA, LOS ANGELES BRANCH 
 as a Lender 

By s Liming Xiao 
 Name Liming Xiao 
 Title SVP & Branch Manager 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

BANK OF MONTREAL, LONDON BRANCH 
 as a Lender 

By s Andrea Grosz 
 Name Andrea Grosz 
 Title Director 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

ANNEX A 
 
 Attached 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 
 nVent Finance S. r.l. 

J.P.Morgan 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 dated as of 
 September 24, 2021 
 among 
 NVENT ELECTRIC plc 
 as Parent, 
 
 NVENT FINANCE S. R.L. 
 as Company, 
 
 HOFFMAN SCHROFF HOLDINGS, INC. 
 as an Affiliate Borrower 
 
 The Other Affiliate Borrowers From Time to Time Party Hereto, 
 The Lenders Party Hereto, 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 as Administrative Agent, 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
 MUFG BANK, LTD. 
 CITIBANK, N.A. and 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as Syndication Agents, 
 and 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and 
 BANK OF CHINA, LOS ANGELES BRANCH 
 as Documentation Agents 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 BofA SECURITIES, INC. 
 MUFG BANK, LTD. 
 CITIBANK, N.A. and 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers 

US-DOCS 137232058.1 137232058.4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 
 ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS_____________________________________________________5 
 
 SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms_____________________________________________ 5 
 SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 47 45 
 SECTION 1.03 Terms Generally 47 45 
 SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms GAAP 47 46 
 SECTION 1.05 Interest Rates LIBOR Benchmark Notification 48 46 
 SECTION 1.06 Luxembourg Terms 49 46 
 SECTION 1.07 Certain Calculations 49 47 
 SECTION 1.08 Divisions 49 47 
 SECTION 1.09 Leverage Ratios 49 47 
 SECTION 1.10 Amendment and Restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement 49 47 
 
 ARTICLE II. THE CREDITS 50 48 
 
 SECTION 2.01 Commitments 50 48 
 SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings 50 48 
 SECTION 2.03 Requests for Borrowings 51 49 
 SECTION 2.04 Determination of Dollar Amounts 52 50 
 SECTION 2.05 Swingline Loans 52 50 
 SECTION 2.06 Letters of Credit 54 52 
 SECTION 2.07 Funding of Borrowings 60 57 
 SECTION 2.08 Interest Elections 60 58 
 SECTION 2.09 Termination and Reduction of Commitments 62 60 
 SECTION 2.10 Repayment and Amortization of Loans Evidence of Indebtedness 63 61 
 SECTION 2.11 Prepayment of Loans 64 62 
 SECTION 2.12 Fees 65 63 
 SECTION 2.13 Interest 66 64 
 SECTION 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest 68 66 
 SECTION 2.15 Increased Costs 71 69 
 SECTION 2.16 Break Funding Payments 72 70 
 SECTION 2.17 Taxes 73 71 
 SECTION 2.18 Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs 81 78 
 SECTION 2.19 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 82 80 
 SECTION 2.20 Expansion Option 83 81 
 SECTION 2.21 Market Disruption 85 83 
 SECTION 2.22 Judgment Currency 86 84 
 SECTION 2.23 Designation of Affiliate Borrowers 86 84 
 SECTION 2.24 Defaulting Lenders 87 84 
 SECTION 2.25 Extension of Maturity Date. 89 86 
 
 ARTICLE III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 91 89 
 
 SECTION 3.01 Corporate Existence and Power. 91 89 
 SECTION 3.02 Corporate and Governmental Authorization Contravention. 91 89 

SECTION 3.03 Binding Effect. 91 89 
 SECTION 3.04 Financial Information 91 89 
 SECTION 3.05 Litigation, etc. 92 89 
 SECTION 3.06 ERISA Compliance. 92 89 
 SECTION 3.07 Taxes. 92 90 
 SECTION 3.08 Not an Investment Company. 92 90 
 SECTION 3.09 Environmental Matters 92 90 
 SECTION 3.10 Use of Proceeds. 92 90 
 SECTION 3.11 Disclosure. 92 90 
 SECTION 3.12 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. 93 90 
 SECTION 3.13 Domiciliation Centre of Main Interests 93 91 
 SECTION 3.14 Swiss Non-Bank Rules 94 91 
 SECTION 3.15 Affected Financial Institutions 94 92 
 SECTION 3.16 Irish Loan Party 94 92 
 SECTION 3.17 Tax Residence 94 92 
 
 ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS 94 92 
 
 SECTION 4.01 Effective Date 94 92 
 SECTION 4.02 Each Credit Event 95 93 
 SECTION 4.03 Designation of an Affiliate Borrower 96 93 
 
 ARTICLE V. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 97 95 
 
 SECTION 5.01 Information. 97 95 
 SECTION 5.02 Use of Proceeds 99 97 
 SECTION 5.03 Compliance with Contractual Obligations and Laws 99 97 
 SECTION 5.04 Insurance. 99 97 
 SECTION 5.05 Ownership of Borrowers. 99 97 
 SECTION 5.06 Payment of Taxes 99 97 
 SECTION 5.07 Swiss Non-Bank Rule 100 97 
 SECTION 5.08 Loan Party Location 100 98 
 SECTION 5.09 Tax Residence 100 98 
 SECTION 5.10 Service of Process Agent 100 98 
 
 ARTICLE VI. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 100 98 
 
 SECTION 6.01 Maximum Net Leverage Ratio 100 98 
 SECTION 6.02 Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio 101 99 
 SECTION 6.03 Negative Pledge. 101 99 
 SECTION 6.04 Consolidations, Mergers and Sales of Assets Acquisitions. 103 101 
 SECTION 6.05 Subsidiary Debt. 103 101 
 SECTION 6.06 OFAC and Anti-Corruption Laws 104 102 
 
 ARTICLE VII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 105 103 
 
 ARTICLE VIII. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 108 106 

SECTION 8.01 Authorization and Action 108 106 
 SECTION 8.02 Administrative Agent s Reliance, Indemnification, Etc 110 108 
 SECTION 8.03 Posting of Communications. 111 109 
 SECTION 8.04 The Administrative Agent Individually 113 111 
 SECTION 8.05 Successor Administrative Agent 113 111 
 SECTION 8.06 Acknowledgement of Lenders and Issuing Banks. 114 112 
 SECTION 8.07 Certain ERISA Matters 115 113 
 
 ARTICLE IX. MISCELLANEOUS 116 114 
 
 SECTION 9.01 Notices 116 114 
 SECTION 9.02 Waivers Amendments 118 116 
 SECTION 9.03 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 120 118 
 SECTION 9.04 Successors and Assigns 122 120 
 SECTION 9.05 Survival 127 125 
 SECTION 9.06 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution 127 125 
 SECTION 9.07 Severability 128 126 
 SECTION 9.08 Right of Setoff 129 126 
 SECTION 9.09 Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process 129 127 
 SECTION 9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 130 128 
 SECTION 9.11 Headings 130 128 
 SECTION 9.12 Confidentiality 131 128 
 SECTION 9.13 USA PATRIOT Ac Act Beneficial Ownership Regulation 132 130 
 SECTION 9.14 Interest Rate Limitation 132 130 
 SECTION 9.15 No Fiduciary Duty, etc 132 130 
 SECTION 9.16 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial 
 Institutions 133 131 
 SECTION 9.17 Confirmation of Lender s Status as Swiss Qualifying Lender 134 131 
 SECTION 9.18 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 134 132 
 
 ARTICLE X. PARENT GUARANTEE 134 132 

SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 2.0 
 -- 
 Commitments 
 Schedule 2.0 
 -- 
 Swingline Sublimits 
 Schedule 6.0 
 -- 
 List of Existin g Liens 
 Schedule 6.0 
 -- 
 Existing Debt 

EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit A -- Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit B-1 -- Form of Opinion of Foley & Lardner LLP 
 Exhibit B-2 -- Form of Opinion of Arthur Cox 

Exhibit B-3 -- Form of Opinion of Allen & Overy 
 Exhibit C-1 -- Form of Increasing Lender Supplement 
 Exhibit C-2 -- Form of Augmenting Lender Supplement 
 Exhibit D-1 -- Form of Revolving Credit Note 
 Exhibit D-2 -- Form of Term Loan Note 
 Exhibit E -- List of Closing Documents 
 Exhibit F-1 -- Form of Affiliate Borrowing Agreement 
 Exhibit F-2 -- Form of Affiliate Borrowing Termination 
 Exhibit G-1 -- Form of Borrowing Request 
 Exhibit G-2 -- Form of Interest Election Request 
 Exhibits H-1-4 -- Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 
 Exhibit I -- Form of Irish Qualifying Lender Confirmation 

ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. All ABR Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 
 Acquisition means any transaction or series of related transactions (excluding any transaction solely among the Parent and or one or more persons that are already Subsidiaries) that result, directly or indirectly, in (a) the acquisition by the Parent or any Subsidiary of all or substantially all of the assets of a Person, or of all or substantially all of any business or division of a Person, (b) the acquisition of in excess of 50 of the capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests or equity of any Person, or otherwise causing any Person to become a Subsidiary, or (c) a merger or consolidation or any other combination with another Person provided that the Parent or a Subsidiary is the ultimate surviving entity. 
 
 Acquisition Debt means any Debt of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries that has been issued for the purpose of financing, in whole or in part, a Material Acquisition and any related transactions or series of related transactions (including for the purpose of refinancing or replacing all or a portion of any pre-existing Debt of the Parent, any of its Subsidiaries or the person(s) or assets to be acquired) provided that (a) the release of the proceeds thereof to the Parent and its Subsidiaries is contingent upon the consummation of such Material Acquisition and, pending such release, such proceeds are held in escrow (and, if the definitive agreement (or, in the case of a tender offer or similar transaction, the definitive offer document) for such acquisition is terminated prior to the consummation of such Material Acquisition or if such Material Acquisition is otherwise not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation relating to such Debt, such proceeds shall be promptly applied to satisfy and discharge all obligations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries in respect of such Debt) or (b) such Debt contains a special mandatory redemption provision (or other similar provision) or otherwise permits or requires such Debt to be redeemed or prepaid if such Material Acquisition is not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation relating to such Debt (and if the definitive agreement (or, in the case of a tender offer or similar transaction, the definitive offer document) for such Material Acquisition is terminated in accordance with its terms prior to the consummation of such Material Acquisition or such Material Acquisition is otherwise not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation relating to such Debt, such Debt is so redeemed or prepaid within 90 days of such termination or such specified date, as the case may be). 
 
 Acquisition-Related Incremental Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20 . 
 
 Additional Commitment Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.25(d) . 
 
 Adjusted Daily Simple RFR means, (i) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple RFR for Pounds Sterling, (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing comprised of Swingline Loans denominated in euro, an interest rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple RFR for euro and 
 (iii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Dollars, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Adjusted EURIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the 

EURIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate provided that if the Adjusted EURIBO Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement . 
 
 Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the LIBO Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate , plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement . 
 
 Administrative Agent means JPMCB (including its branches and affiliates) in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder, and any successor administrative agent arising under Section 9.04 . 
 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with, such Person. A Person shall be deemed to be controlled by any other Person if such other Person possesses, directly or indirectly, power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise (but, for the avoidance of doubt, no individual shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of a Person solely because such individual is a director (or the equivalent thereof) or senior officer of such Person). 
 
 Affiliate Borrower Sublimit means 300,000,000. 
 
 Affiliate Borrowers means, collectively, the Initial Affiliate Borrower and any Eligible Subsidiary that becomes an Affiliate Borrower pursuant to Section 2.23 and, in each case, that has not ceased to be an Affiliate Borrower and Affiliate Borrower means any of the Affiliate Borrowers. 
 
 Affiliate Borrowing Agreement means an Affiliate Borrowing Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 . 
 
 Affiliate Borrowing Termination means an Affiliate Borrowing Termination substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 . 
 
 Agreed Currencies means with respect to (a) Revolving Loans, Agreed Loan Currencies and (b) Letters of Credit, Agreed LC Currencies. 
 
 Agreed LC Currencies means (a) the Agreed Loan Currencies and (b) any other currency that is (i) readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars and (ii) agreed to by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the relevant Issuing Bank. 

Agreed Loan Currencies means (i) Dollars, (ii) euro, (iii) Pounds Sterling and (iv) any other currency that is (A) a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars and (B) agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each of the Revolving Lenders. 
 
 Agreement has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph. 
 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period in Dollars on as published two 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. 
 
 Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 , provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate (or if the LIBO Screen Rate is not available for such one month Interest Period, the LIBO Interpolated Rate) Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m. London time on such day 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology) . Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 hereof (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as so determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date means December 22, 2022. 
 
 Ancillary Document has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.06 . 
 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Parent and its affiliated companies concerning or relating to bribery, corruption or money laundering. 
 
 Applicable LC Sublimit means (i) with respect to JPMCB in its capacity as an Issuing Bank under this Agreement, 40,000,000, (ii) with respect to Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as an Issuing Bank under this Agreement, 40,000,000, (iii) with respect to MUFG Bank, Ltd.in its capacity as an Issuing Bank under this Agreement, 40,000,000, (iv) with respect to Citibank, N.A. in its capacity as an Issuing Bank under this Agreement, 40,000,000, (v) with respect to U.S. Bank National Association in its capacity as an Issuing Bank under this Agreement, 40,000,000 and (vi) with respect to any other Person that becomes an Issuing Bank pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, such amount as agreed to in writing by the Company, the Administrative Agent and such Person at the time such Person becomes an Issuing Bank pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, as each of the foregoing amounts may be decreased or increased from time to time with the written consent of the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks (provided that any increase in the Applicable LC Sublimit with respect to any Issuing Bank shall only require the consent of the Company and such Issuing Bank). 

Applicable Maturity Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.25(a) . 
 Applicable Parties has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(c) . 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, (a) with respect to Revolving Loans, Revolving Credit Exposure, LC Exposure or Swingline Loans, the percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s Revolving Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate Revolving Commitments of all Revolving Lenders (if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Revolving Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments) and (b) with respect to the Term Loans, (i) at any time prior to advancing any of the Term Loans, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s Term Loan Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate Term Loan Commitments of all Term Lenders, (ii) at any time after advancing any of the Term Loans but while any Term Loan Commitments remain outstanding, a percentage equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is such Lender s Term Loan Commitment plus such Lender s outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and the denominator of which is the aggregate Term Loan Commitments of all Term Lenders plus the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans of all Term Lenders, and (iii) at any time after advancing the Term Loans and the termination of the Term Loan Commitments, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans of all Term Lenders provided that, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), in the case of Section 2.24 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, any such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment and or Term Loan Commitment, as applicable, shall be disregarded in the calculation. 

Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Loan, any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Term Loan, any ABR Revolving Loan, any ABR Term Loan , or any RFR Loan , any CBR Loan , or with respect to the facility fees and ticking fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption Eurocurrency Term Benchmark RFR Spread for Revolving Loans , Eurocurrency Term Benchmark RFR Spread for Term Loans , ABR Spread for Revolving Loans , ABR Spread for Term Loans , RFR CBR Spread for Revolving Loans or Facility Fee Ticking Fee , as the case may be, based upon the Pricing Level applicable on such date. 
 
 Pricing Level Facility Fee Ticking Fee Eurocurrency Spread for Revolving Loans Term Benchmark RFR CBR Spread for Revolving Loans 
 ABR Spread for Revolving Loans Eurocurrency Term Benchmark RFR Spread for Term Loans 
 ABR Spread for Term Loans Level I 0.10 0.90 0.90 1.00 Level II 0.125 1.00 1.00 1.125 0.125 Level III 0.15 1.10 1.10 0.10 1.25 0.25 Level IV 0.175 1.20 1.20 0.20 1.375 0.375 Level V 0.225 1.40 1.40 0.40 1.625 0.625 
 
 For purposes hereof (i) Pricing Level I, Leverage Level 1 and Ratings Level A are equivalent and correspond to each other, (ii) Pricing Level II, Leverage Level 2 and Ratings Level B are equivalent and correspond to each other, (iii) Pricing Level III, Leverage Level 3 and Ratings Level C are equivalent and correspond to each other, (iv) Pricing Level IV, Leverage Level 4 and Ratings Level D are equivalent and correspond to each other and (v) Pricing Level V, Leverage Level 5 and Ratings Level E are equivalent and correspond to each other. 
 
 At any time of determination, the Pricing Level shall be determined by reference to the Leverage Level or the Ratings Level, as the Company shall from time to time elect by written notice to the Administrative Agent, and any change in Pricing Level resulting from such election by the Company shall be effected as promptly as practicable by the Administrative Agent after receiving such written election from the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this definition, it is understood and agreed that Pricing Level III shall be deemed to be applicable from the Effective Date until the Administrative Agent s receipt of the financial statements and related compliance certificate for the Parent s fiscal quarter ending on or about September 30, 2021 (it being understood and agreed 
 
 Levels in the immediately foregoing table (such Level A, Level B, Level C, Level D and Level E, collectively, the Levels and each a Level ), the Ratings Level shall be based upon the intermediate Level (d) if all three of the rating agencies shall have a Public Debt Rating in effect and two out of the three ratings of S&P, Moody s and Fitch are at the same Level, then the Ratings Level shall be based on such Level, (e) if only two Public Debt Ratings from S&P, Moody s and Fitch are available and such ratings fall within different Levels, then the Ratings Level shall be based on the higher rating unless such ratings differ by two or more Levels, in which case the applicable Ratings Level will be deemed to be one Level above the lower of such Levels, (f) if any rating established by S&P, Moody s or Fitch shall be changed, such change shall be effective as of the date on which such change is first announced publicly by the rating agency making such change (g) if S&P, Moody s or Fitch shall change the basis on which ratings are established, each reference to the Public Debt Rating announced by S&P, Moody s or Fitch, as the case may be, shall refer to the then equivalent rating by S&P, Moody s or Fitch, as the case may be 

(and if there is no such equivalent rating, to the rating most recently in effect prior to such change) and (h) if any such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Company and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of such amendment, the Ratings Level shall be determined by reference to the rating (and the Level applicable thereto) most recently in effect prior to such cessation. 
 
 Applicable Time means, with respect to any Borrowings and payments in any Foreign Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Foreign Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. 
 
 Approved Electronic Platform has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(a) . Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04 . 
 Approved Jurisdictions means Ireland, Switzerland, Luxembourg, the United States and England and Wales. 
 
 Arrangers means each of JPMCB, BofA Securities, Inc., MUFG Bank, Ltd., Citibank, N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association in its capacity as a joint bookrunner and joint lead arranger hereunder. 
 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04 ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Augmenting Lender is defined in Section 2.20 . 
 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments. 
 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Loan Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
 
 any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause f e of Section 2.14 . 
 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 
 Bail-In Lender is defined in Section 2.19(b) . 
 
 Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to the Parent or any Subsidiary by any Lender or any of its Affiliates (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) merchant processing services and (d) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement services, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items services, any direct debit scheme or arrangement, overdraft services and interstate depository network services). 
 
 Banking Services Agreement means any agreement entered into by the Parent or any Subsidiary in connection with Banking Services. 
 
 Bankruptcy Code means the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. 101, et 
 seq.). 
 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Agreed Loan Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Loan Currency or (ii) Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan, the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Loan Currency provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event , a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Loan Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause 
 (b) or clause (c) of Section 2.14. 

Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date provided that, (i) in the case of any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency or 
 (ii) in the case of an Other Benchmark Rate Election , Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in 3 2 below 
 
 (1) in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 
 2 1 in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the sum of (a) Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment RFR for RFR Borrowings denominated in Dollars or 
 
 (32) the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Loan Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service commonly used in the banking industry for such purpose that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and consistent with such selection generally under other substantially similar syndicated credit facilities for which it acts as the administrative agent provided further that, that, in the case of clause (3), when such clause is used to determine the Benchmark Replacement in connection with the occurrence of an Other Benchmark Rate Election, the alternate benchmark rate selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company shall be the term benchmark rate that is used in lieu of a LIBOR-based rate in the relevant other Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event, and the delivery of a Term SOFR Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the fir st proviso above). 
 
 If provided that if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) , or clause (2 or (3 above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
 
 , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) (1) for purposes of clauses (1) 

and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent reasonably and in good faith 
 
 (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is fir st set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
 
 (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is fir st set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and 
 
 (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) , that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Loan Currency at such time in the United States . 
 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service commonly used in the banking industry for such purpose that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and consistent with such selection generally under other substantially similar syndicated credit facilities for which it acts as the administrative agent. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and or any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan denominated in Dollars , any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent reasonably and in , in consultation with the Company, decides in its reasonable good faith decides discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent in decides in its reasonable good faith decides discretion that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or 

if the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable good faith discretion that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent , in consultation with the Company, decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided , that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause 
 (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date . 
 
 (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Lenders and the Company pursuant to Section 2.14(c) so long as the Administrative Agent has not received by such time, written notice of objection to such Term SOFR Notice from the Company or 
 
 (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, the sixth (6 th Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, is provided to the Lenders (and the Company), so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that 

such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely as of a specific date , provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Loan Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 
 permanently or indefinitely as of a specific date provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 . 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 
 Borrower means the Company or any Affiliate Borrower. 
 
 Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, (b) a Term Loan of the same Type and Class, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (c) a Swingline Loan. 
 
 Borrowing Request means a request by any Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03 in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit G-1 or such other form as the Administrative Agent may approve from time to time. 
 
 Business Day means , any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City provided that, in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be 
 (i) in relation to the calculation or computation of LIBOR, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in London, (ii) in relation to Loans denominated 
 
 in euro and in relation to the calculation or computation of EURIBOR the EURIBO Rate , any such day which that is a TARGET Day and , iii ii in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Loan, any such day that is only an RFR Business Day . and 
 (iii) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any such day that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 
 Calendar Quarter means each of the four calendar quarters of each calendar year ending each March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each calendar year. 
 
 Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the applicable Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders, as collateral or support for the LC Exposure, cash or deposit account balances, or a standby letter of credit from a financial institution satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank (which documents are hereby consented to by the Lenders). Derivatives of such term shall have corresponding meanings. 
 
 CBR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. 
 
 CBR Spread means the Applicable Rate applicable to a Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. 

Central Bank Rate means , (A) the greater of (i (A for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent reasonably and in good faith (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time , or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (c) any other Foreign Currency determined after the Effective Date, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable good faith discretion and (ii) 0 plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (ii) the Floor . 
 
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment means , for any day, for any Loan denominated in 
 
 (a) Pounds Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of SONIA for the last the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Pounds Sterling Borrowings for the five (5) most recent RFR Business Days for which SONIA preceding such day for which the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Pounds Sterling Borrowings was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest SONIA such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, 
 
 (b) euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of 
 (i) the average of the Adjusted EURIBO Rate for the last five (5) most recent Business Days 
 preceding such day for which the EURIBO Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such 
 
 averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted EURIBO Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period , and 
 
 (c) any other Foreign Currency determined after the Effective Date, an adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable good faith discretion designed to represent the reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. 
 
 For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause i)( B) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBO Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBO Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency for a maturity of one month (or, in the event the EURIBO Screen Rate for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency is not available for such maturity of one month, shall be based on the EURIBO Interpolated Rate as of such time) provided that if such rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. . 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Effective Date (or with respect to any Lender, if later, the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender), of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided however , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except to the extent they are merely proposed and not in effect, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder, issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 
 Charges has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.14 . 
 
 Class , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans, Term Loans or Swingline Loans. 
 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time Combination has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(c) . Combined Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(c) . 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the sum of such Lender s Revolving Commitment and Term Loan Commitment. The initial amount of each Lender s Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 , or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C) or other documentation contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Revolving Commitment or Term Loan Commitment pursuant to the terms hereof, as applicable. 
 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 
 (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 
 (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18 . 
 
 Credit Event means a Borrowing, the issuance or extension of a Letter of Credit, the amendment of a Letter of Credit that increases the face amount thereof, an LC Disbursement or any of the foregoing. 
 
 Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the sum of (a) such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure at such time, plus (b) an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of its Term Loans outstanding at such time. 
 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lenders or any other Lender. 
 
 Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) , for any RFR Loan denominated in (i) Pounds Sterling, SONIA for the day that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is a an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not a an RFR Business Day, the Business RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day, (ii) euro (solely with respect to Swingline Loans denominated in euro), ESTR for the day that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and b) 0 . Any change in iii) Dollars, Daily Simple RFR due to a change in the applicable RFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the RFR without notice to the Company SOFR . 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day , (a SOFR , with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans provided that, if the Administrative Agent reasonably and in good faith decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable good faith discretion. Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Company. 
 
 Debt means, with respect to any Person at any date, without duplication, (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 (including employee compensation and benefit obligations) arising in the ordinary course of business, 
 (iv) the outstanding principal obligations of such Person as lessee under capital finance leases, (v) all Debt of others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such Debt is assumed by such Person (it being understood that if such Debt has not been assumed by such Person, the amount of 

such Debt shall be deemed to be the lesser of the fair market value at such date of such asset and the amount of such Debt), (vi) the aggregate outstanding investment or claim held by purchasers, assignees or transferees of (or of interests in) receivables of such Person in connection with any Securitization Transaction, (vii) all non-contingent reimbursement obligations of such Person under letters of credit and bank guarantees, and (viii) all Debt (as defined above) of others Guaranteed by such Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Debt shall exclude (a) any customary purchase price adjustments, earnouts, holdbacks and deferred payments of a similar nature in connection with a Permitted Acquisition (including deferred compensation representing consideration or other contingent obligations incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition), (b) any obligations in respect of customer advances in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices, 
 (c) defeased, discharged and or redeemed indebtedness so long as (1) neither the Parent nor any Subsidiary has any liability (contingent or otherwise) with respect to such indebtedness and (2) the cash, securities and or other assets used to defease, discharge and or redeem such indebtedness are not, directly or indirectly, an asset of the Parent or any Subsidiary and (d) interest, fees, make-whole amounts, premiums, charges or expenses, if any, relating to the principal amount of Debt. In the event any of the foregoing Debt is limited to recourse against a particular asset or assets of such Person, the amount of the corresponding Debt shall be equal to the lesser of the amount of such Debt and the fair market value of such asset or assets, as determined by the Company in good faith, at the date for determination of the amount of such Debt. For the avoidance of doubt, the amount of Debt of any Person at any date will be calculated without duplication of any Guarantee in respect thereof. 
 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within three (3) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Company or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by the Company or the Administrative Agent, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (i) a Bankruptcy Event and or (ii) a Bail-In Action. 
 
 Departing Lender means each lender under the Existing Credit Agreement that executes and delivers to the Administrative Agent a Departing Lender Signature Page. 

Departing Lender Signature Page means the signature page to this Agreement on which it is indicated that the Departing Lender executing the same shall cease to be a party to the Existing Credit Agreement on the Effective Date. 
 
 Designated Borrower means, unless otherwise specified by the Administrative Agent to the Company and the Lenders, any Affiliate Borrower that is organized under the laws of Luxembourg or any other jurisdiction designated from time to time by the Administrative Agent due to operational limitations relating to the ability to fund ABR Loans to such Affiliate Borrower . 
 
 Designated Loan means a Designated Revolving Loan, a Designated Swingline Loan or a Designated Term Loan, as applicable. 
 
 Designated Revolving Loan means a Revolving Loan denominated in Dollars to a Designated Borrower . 
 
 Designated Swingline Loan means a Swingline Loan denominated in Dollars to a Designated Borrower . 
 
 Designated Term Loan means a Term Loan denominated in Dollars to a Designated Borrower . 
 
 Designated Persons means any Person listed on a Sanctions List. 
 
 Disqualified Institutions means (i) those Persons identified by the Company to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in writing prior to the Effective Date, (ii) those Persons that are reasonably determined by the Company to be competitors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and which have been specifically identified by the Company to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in writing prior to the Effective Date and (iii) in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) (and any supplements thereto as contemplated below), any of their respective Affiliates, to the extent any such Affiliate (x) is clearly identifiable as an Affiliate of the applicable Person solely by similarity of such Affiliate s name and (y) is not a bona fide debt investment fund that is an Affiliate of such Person provided that, the Company, by notice to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders after the Effective Date, shall be permitted to supplement from time to time in writing by name the list of Persons that are Disqualified Institutions to the extent that the Persons added by such supplements are determined by the Company to be competitors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or Affiliates of such competitors that are not bona fide debt investment funds). Each such supplement shall become effective three (3) Business Days after delivery thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (including through an Approved Electronic Platform) in accordance with Section 9.01 , but which shall not apply retroactively to disqualify any Persons that have previously acquired an assignment or participation interest in the Loans (but solely with respect to such Loans). It is understood and agreed that (i) the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility or liability to determine or monitor whether any Lender or potential Lender is a Disqualified Institution, (ii) the Company s failure to deliver such list (or supplement thereto) in accordance with Section 9.01 shall render such list (or supplement) not received and not effective and 
 (iii) Disqualified Institution shall exclude any Person that the Company has designated as no longer being a Disqualified Institution by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent (which notice may be distributed to the Lenders) from time to time in accordance with Section 9.01 . 

Disregarded Entity means an entity that, pursuant to Treas. Reg. 301.7701-2(c)(2), is disregarded for U.S. federal income Tax purposes as an entity separate from its owner. 
 
 Documentation Agent means each of Goldman Sachs Bank USA, PNC Bank, National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Bank of China, Los Angeles Branch in its capacity as documentation agent for the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement. 
 
 Dollar Amount of any amount of any currency means, at the time of determination thereof, 
 (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in a Foreign Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Reuters source on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, using any reasonable method of determination it deems reasonably appropriate) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, using any reasonable method of determination it deems reasonably appropriate. 
 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 
 Domestic Subsidiary means each Subsidiary of the Parent other than a Foreign Subsidiary. DQ List has the meaning specified in Section 9.04(e)(iv) hereof. 
 Early Opt-in Election means, if the then current Benchmark with respect to Dollars is the LIBO Rate, the occurrence of 
 
 (1) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Company to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities in the United States at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate, and 
 
 (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company to tr igger a fallback from the LIBO Rate and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Company and the Lenders. 
 
 EBITDA means, for any period, the sum of the consolidated net income of the Parent for such period excluding the effect of (a) any non-cash gains (including any non-cash gains arising from the adoption of mark-to-market accounting with respect to pension or other retirement benefit plans) 
 (b) any non-cash losses, charges and expenses (including any non-cash loss, charge or expense arising from the adoption of mark-to-market accounting with respect to pension or other retirement benefit plans) (c) any earnings from discontinued operations (but if such operations are classified as discontinued due to the fact that they are subject to an agreement to dispose of such operations, such earnings shall be 

excluded in the calculation of EBITDA (i) only when and to the extent such operations are actually disposed of and (ii) if the sales revenue generated by the applicable entity or business unit in the twelve (12) months prior to such disposition was 25,000,000 or more) (d) fees, costs, expenses, premiums, make-whole or penalty payments, other similar items and, in the case of clause (v) below, awards, settlement payments and similar amounts, in each case, incurred after the Effective Date arising out of (i) Permitted Acquisitions, (ii) investments and dispositions not prohibited by this Agreement, (iii) any incurrence, issuance, repayment or refinancing of Debt 
 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Parent or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest. 
 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Parent within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 
 ESTR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Euro Short Term Rate for such Business Day published by the ESTR Administrator on the ESTR Administrator s Website. 
 
 ESTR Administrator means the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of the Euro Short Term Rate). 
 
 ESTR Administrator s Website means the European Central Bank s website, currently at http www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor source for the Euro Short Term Rate identified as such by the ESTR Administrator from time to time. 
 
 EU means the European Union. 
 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 
 EURIBO Interpolated Rate means, at any time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in euro and for any Interest Period, the rate per annum determined reasonably and in good faith by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent demonstrable error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between (a) the EURIBO Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the EURIBO Screen Rate is available for euro) that is shorter than the Impacted EURIBO 

Rate Interest Period and (b) the EURIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the EURIBO Screen Rate is available for euro) that exceeds the Impacted EURIBO Rate Interest Period, in each case, at such time provided that, if any EURIBO Interpolated Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 EURIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro and for any Interest Period, the EURIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., Brussels time, two (2) TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period provided that, if the EURIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted EURIBO Rate Interest Period with respect to euro then the EURIBO Rate shall be the EURIBO Interpolated Rate . 
 
 EURIBO Screen Rate means , for any day and time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in euro and for any Interest Period, the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of such that rate) for euro for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or any replacement Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Reuters as published at approximately 11 00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period . If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another commercially recognized page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Company. If the EURIBO Screen Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 EURIBOR has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.05 . 
 
 euro and or EUR means the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 
 Eurocurrency , when used in reference to a currency means an Agreed Currency and when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate (other than when used with reference to any Eurocurrency Swingline Loan, in which case Eurocurrency means that such Loan bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Swingline Rate) except pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate . 
 
 Eurocurrency Payment Office of the Administrative Agent shall mean, for each of the Agreed Currencies which is a Foreign Currency and each Designated Loan, the office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent for such currency or Designated Loan, as applicable, as specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Company and each Lender . 
 
 Eurocurrency Swingline Loan means a Swingline Loan bearing interest at the Eurocurrency Swingline Rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a Designated Swingline Loan). 

Eurocurrency Swingline Rate means the sum of (i) the percentage rate per annum which is equal to the rate (rounded upwards to six decimal places) at which overnight deposits in the relevant currency in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined would be offered by the Swingline Lender as of 11 00 a.m. Local Time on the day of the proposed Eurocurrency Swingline Loan in the London interbank market for such currency to major banks in such market (provided that, if such rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement) plus (ii) the Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Borrowings. 
 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, or any other condition has been satisfied. 
 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Specified Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Loan Party of, or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Specified Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) (a) by virtue of such Loan Party s failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee of such Loan Party or the grant of such security interest becomes or would 
 
 FCA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.05 . 
 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Financial Officer means (i) with respect to the Company, a Manager of the Company and 
 (ii) with respect to the Parent, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Accounting Officer or the Treasurer of the Parent. 
 
 Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc. 
 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the LIBO Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate or the , each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable. As of For the Effective Date, the Floor is avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor for each of the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or the Central Bank Rate shall be 0 . 
 
 Foreign Currencies means each Agreed Currency other than Dollars. 
 
 Foreign Currency LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the Dollar Amount of the aggregate undrawn, available and unexpired amount of all outstanding Foreign Currency Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements in respect of Foreign Currency Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed at such time. 

Foreign Currency Letter of Credit means a Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency. 
 
 Foreign Currency Payment Office of the Administrative Agent shall mean, for each Foreign Currency, the office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent for such currency as specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Company and each Lender . 
 
 Foreign Currency Sublimit means 300,000,000. 
 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is neither a U.S. Person nor a Disregarded Entity that is treated for U.S. federal income Tax purposes as having as its sole owner a Person that is a U.S. Person. 
 
 Foreign Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, each Subsidiary of such Person that is incorporated or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located outside of the United States or any state thereof. 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as from time to time in effect in the United States of America. 
 
 Governmental Authority means any federal, state, municipal, national or other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, court, agency, ministry or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity, officer, minister or other Person exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to any government or any court (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 
 
 Guarantee means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person, contingent or otherwise, directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Debt of any other Person or in any manner providing for the payment of any Debt of any other Person or otherwise protecting the holder of such Debt against loss (whether by agreement to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay or otherwise) provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term Guarantee used as a verb has a correlative meaning. It is understood that the amount of any Guarantee of or by any Person shall be deemed to be the lower of (a) the amount of Debt in respect of which such Guarantee exists and (b) the maximum amount for which such Person may be liable pursuant to the instrument embodying such Guarantee. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event any Guarantee is limited to recourse against a particular asset or assets of such Person, the amount of such Guarantee shall be equal to the lesser of the amount of such Guarantee and the fair market value of such asset or assets, as determined by such Person in good faith, at the date for determination of the amount of such Guarantee. 
 
 Guarantor means the Parent. 
 
 Hazardous Materials means (a) petroleum and petroleum products, byproducts or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and radon gas and (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant under any Environmental Law. 

Hedging Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Parent or the Subsidiaries shall be a Hedging Agreement. 
 
 Impacted EURIBO Rate Interest Period has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of EURIBO Rate . 
 
 Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of LIBO Rate . 
 
 Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20 . Incremental Term Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20 . 
 Incremental Term Loan Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
 2.20 . 
 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes other than Excluded Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment made by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) Other Taxes. 
 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b) . Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b) . 
 
 Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.12 . 
 Initial Affiliate Borrower means Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Initial Term Loan Funding Date means the date on which the conditions specified in 
 Section 4.02 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02) and the first Term Loans are advanced to the Company pursuant to Section 2.01 . 
 
 Initial Term Loans means the first Term Loans advanced to the Company on the Initial Term Loan Funding Date. 
 
 Insolvency Regulation shall mean the Regulation (EU) 2015 848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast). 
 
 Interest Coverage Ratio means, for any period, the ratio of (i) EBITDA for such period to 
 (ii) Interest Expense (excluding any Interest Expense in respect of intercompany Debt), to the extent paid in cash, for such period. 

Interest Expense means, for any period, the sum, without duplication, of consolidated interest expense of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such period (including, in each case to the extent included in interest expense on the Parent s consolidated income statement, the interest component of capital finance leases, the interest component of Synthetic Lease Obligations, facility, commitment and usage fees, and fees for standby letters of credit), plus consolidated yield or discount accrued, during such period on the aggregate outstanding investment or claim held by purchasers, assignees or other transferees of (or of interests in) receivables of the Parent and its Subsidiaries in connection with any Securitization Transaction (regardless of the accounting treatment of such Securitization Transaction), plus net payments (if any) pursuant to Hedging Agreements, minus the sum (without duplication) of (a) annual administrative agent fees, (b) costs associated with obtaining swap agreements and any interest expense attributable to the movement of the mark-to-market valuation of obligations under swap agreements or other derivative instruments and any one-time costs associated with breakage in respect of swap agreements for interest rates, (c) costs associated with the issuance or incurrence of debt, including amortization and write-off of deferred and other financing fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses and original issue discount, (d) PIK interest, (e) any non-cash expense in respect of any interest component relating to accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities and (f) net receipts (if any) pursuant to Hedging Agreements. 
 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the applicable Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08 in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit G-2 or such other form as the Administrative Agent may approve from time to time. 
 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and December and the applicable Maturity Date, 
 (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such RFR Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and the applicable Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Eurocurrency Loan (including a Eurocurrency Swingline Loan) Term Benchmark Loan , the last day of the each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the applicable Maturity Date, and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan (other than a Eurocurrency Swingline Loan) , the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the applicable Maturity Date. 
 
 Interest Period means (a) with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing (other than a Eurocurrency Swingline Loan), the , the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (or such other period of time as is acceptable to each of the Lenders) (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for any Agreed Currency), as the applicable Borrower (or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower) may elect and (b) with respect to any Eurocurrency Swingline Loan, the period commencing on the date of such Loan and ending on the date one week thereafter provided , that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless , in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing (other than a Eurocurrency Swingline Loan) only, such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Borrowing (other than a Eurocurrency Swingline Loan) that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no 

numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14( f e) (and not reinstated pursuant to Section 2.14(e) shall be available for specification in such any Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter, other than for purposes of Section 4.02 , shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 
 Ireland means Ireland, exclusive of Northern Ireland. 
 
 Irish Borrower means any Affiliate Borrower resident for tax purposes in Ireland. 
 Irish Companies Act means the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland. 
 Irish Guarantor means the Parent. 
 
 Irish Loan Party means any Irish Borrower or any Irish Guarantor or any Affiliate Borrower incorporated in Ireland. 
 
 Irish Qualifying Lender means a Lender which is beneficially entitled to interest payable to it in respect of an advance under this Agreement, and is 
 
 (a) a bank within the meaning of Section 246 of the Irish TCA which is carrying on a bona fide banking business in Ireland for the purposes of Section 246(3)(a) of the Irish TCA and whose Facility Office is located in Ireland or 
 
 (b) 
 
 (i) a company (within the meaning of Section 246 of the Irish TCA) which by virtue of the laws of a Relevant Territory is resident in that Relevant Territory for the purposes of tax and that Relevant Territory imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in that Relevant Territory by companies from sources outside that Relevant Territory or 
 
 (ii) a company (within the meaning of Section 246 of the Irish TCA) in receipt of interest under this Agreement which 
 
 (A) is exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under an Irish Treaty between Ireland and the country in which the Lender is resident for 
 
 Letter of Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(b) . 
 Liabilities means any losses, claims, damages or liabilities. 
 LIBO Interpolated Rate means, at any time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent demonstrable error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between (a) the LIBO Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available for Dollars) that is shorter than the Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period and (b) the 

LIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available for Dollars) that exceeds the Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period, in each case, at such time provided that if any LIBO Interpolated Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any Interest Period, the LIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (or , in the case of a Swingline Borrowing, on the date of commencement of such Interest Period) provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period with respect to Dollars then the LIBO Rate shall be the LIBO Interpolated Rate. 
 
 LIBO Screen Rate means, for any day and time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any Interest Period, the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on such day and time on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or , in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 LIBOR has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.05 . 
 
 Lien means any interest in property securing any obligation owed to, or a claim by, a Person other than the owner of the property, whether such interest is based on the common law, statute, regulation, decree or contract, including (a) any lien or security interest arising from any mortgage, encumbrance, pledge, security agreement, conditional sale or trust receipt or consignment or bailment for security purposes and (b) the interest of a person under a capital finance lease (but excluding the interest of a lessor under an operating lease). 
 
 Liquidity means, at any time, the amount of unrestricted an unencumbered cash and cash equivalent investments of the Parent and its Subsidiaries at such time that is not subject to any Lien other than Liens permitted under Section 6.03 that is in excess of 5,000,000 but in no event to exceed 250,000,000. 
 Limited Conditionality Acquisition has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20 . Limited Conditionality Acquisition Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in 
 Section 2.20 . 
 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Affiliate Borrowing Agreement, each Affiliate Borrowing Termination, each Letter of Credit Agreement, any promissory notes executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.10(d) , each Borrowing Request and any and all other instruments and documents executed and delivered in connection with any of the foregoing. 

Loan Party means the Parent, the Company and each Affiliate Borrower. 
 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement, it being understood that conversions and continuations of Loans are not Loans hereunder. 
 
 Local Time means (i) Chicago time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in Dollars (other than Designated Loans) and (ii) local time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in a Foreign Currency and Designated Loans (it being understood that such local time shall mean (a) London, England time with respect to any Foreign Currency (other than euro) and Designated Loans and (b) Brussels, Belgium time with respect to euro, in each case of the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) unless otherwise notified by the Administrative Agent). 
 
 Luxembourg means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
 
 Luxembourg Debtor Relief Laws means (i) bankruptcy faillite within the meaning of Articles 437 et seq . of the Luxembourg Commercial Code, (ii) controlled management gestion contr l e within the meaning of the Luxembourg grand-ducal regulation of May 24, 1935 on controlled management, (iii) voluntary arrangement with creditors concordat pr ventif de la faillite within the meaning of the Luxembourg law of April 14, 1886 on arrangements to prevent insolvency, as amended, (iv) suspension of payments sursis de paiement within the meaning of Articles 593 et seq. of the Luxembourg Commercial Code, and (v) voluntary or compulsory liquidation pursuant to the Luxembourg law of August 10, 1915 on commercial companies. 
 
 Luxembourg Person means an entity that (i) is organized under the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, (ii) has its center of main interests, within the meaning of the Insolvency Regulation, in Luxembourg or (iii) has an establishment, within the meaning of the Insolvency Regulation, in Luxembourg. 
 
 Luxembourg Relief means bankruptcy faillite ), controlled management gestion contr l e ), voluntary arrangement with creditors concordat pr ventif de la faillite ), suspension of payments sursis de paiement and voluntary or compulsory liquidation, as such terms are understood within the Luxembourg Debtor Relief Laws, and also means any other proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally or the appointment of an interim administrator administrateur provisoire ). 
 
 Material Acquisition means any acquisition if the aggregate consideration paid or to be paid (including liabilities to be assumed as part of the purchase consideration) by the Parent or a Subsidiary in respect of such acquisition is equal to or greater than 250,000,000. 
 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, assets, operations or financial condition of the Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder provided , however , that specific events, circumstances, changes, effects or conditions (and not general economic or industry conditions) specifically applicable to the Parent and its Subsidiaries disclosed in any Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K filed by the Parent with the SEC prior to the Effective Date shall not constitute a Material Adverse Effect to the extent so disclosed. 
 
 Material Financial Obligations means Debt or Synthetic Lease Obligations of the Parent or any Subsidiary (excluding amounts owed to the Parent or any Subsidiary that is wholly-owned 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if both none of such rates are not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate quoted for such day date for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker unaffiliated with the Administrative Agent of recognized standing selected by it provided , further , that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined would be less than zero 0 , such rate shall be deemed to be zero 0 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 
 Obligations means all indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, examinership, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), obligations and liabilities of any of the Parent and its Subsidiaries to any of the Lenders, any of the Issuing Banks, any indemnified party and the Administrative Agent, individually or collectively, under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement obligations incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury. Organizational Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation or unlimited liability 
 company, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable 
 constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 
 Other Benchmark Rate Election means, if the then-current Benchmark is the LIBO Rate, the occurrence of 
 
 (1) a request by the Company to the Administrative Agent to notify each of the other parties hereto that, at the determination of the Company, Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed), in lieu of a LIBOR-based rate, a term benchmark rate as a benchmark rate, and 
 
 (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company to tr igger a fallback from the LIBO Rate and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Company and the Lenders. 
 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient and 

the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or 
 
 enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 
 
 Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp, registration or documentary Taxes or any other excise or property Taxes, charges or similar Taxes or levies arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, but excluding Excluded Taxes. 
 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar borrowings transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the NYFRB Rate and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in a Foreign Currency, an overnight rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 
 Parent means nVent Electric plc, an Irish public limited company. 
 Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(c) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(c) . 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to economic and monetary union. 
 
 Patriot Act has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.13 . 
 Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c) . 
 Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c) . 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and any successor thereto. 
 
 Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by the Parent or a Subsidiary which satisfies each of the following requirements (i) no Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of, or will result upon giving effect to, such Acquisition and (ii) in the case of the Acquisition of any Person, the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Person being acquired (or all of the equity holders thereof) shall have approved such Acquisition. 
 
 Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or Governmental Authority. 

Plan means at any time an employee pension benefit plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code and is either (i) maintained by the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate for employees of the Parent or such ERISA Affiliate or (ii) maintained pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement or any other arrangement under which more than one employer makes contributions and to which the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or has within the preceding five plan years made contributions. 
 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq. , as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Pounds Sterling means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined reasonably and in good faith by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Board (as determined reasonably and in good faith by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Public Debt Rating means the rating that has been most recently announced by S&P, Moody s or Fitch, as the case may be, for any class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Company (or if no such rating is then in effect with respect to such debt, then the corporate, issuer or similar rating with respect to the Parent that has been most recently announced by S&P, Moody s or Fitch, as the case may be) or, if any such rating agency shall have issued more than one such rating, the lowest such rating issued by such rating agency. 
 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18 . 
 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (i) if such Benchmark is the LIBO Term SOFR Rate, 11 00 a.m., London 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, on the day that is two (2) London banking days U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (ii) if such Benchmark is the EURIBO Rate, 11 00 a.m., Brussels time , two (2) TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (iii) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then five (5) four (4) RFR Business Days prior to such setting, (iv) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four (4) RFR Business Days prior to such setting or iv v if such Benchmark is none of the LIBO Term SOFR Rate , Daily Simple SOFR , the EURIBO Rate or SONIA, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable good faith discretion. 
 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(b) . 

Related Indemnified Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(b) . 
 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Board and or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board and or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Euro, euro, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto or (iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 

Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the LIBO Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euro euro , the Adjusted EURIBO Rate or (iii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling or Dollars , the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, as applicable. 
 
 Relevant Screen Rate means (i) with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the LIBO Screen Term SOFR Reference Rate or (ii) with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euro euro , the EURIBO Screen Rate , as applicable . 
 
 Relevant Territory means 
 
 (a) member state of the European Communities (other than Ireland) or 
 
 (b) to the extent not a member state of the European Communities, a jurisdiction with which Ireland has entered into a double taxation treaty that either has the force of law by virtue of Section 826(1) of the Irish TCA or which will have the force of law on completion of the procedures set out in Section 826(1) of the Irish TCA. 
 
 Replacement Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(c) . 
 
 Required Lenders means, subject to Section 2.24 , (a) at any time prior to the earlier of the Loans becoming due and payable pursuant to Article VII or the Revolving Commitments terminating or expiring, Lenders having Credit Exposures and Unfunded Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Credit Exposures and Unfunded Commitments at such time provided that, solely for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Article VII , the Unfunded Revolving Commitment of each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to be zero and (b) for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Article VII or the Revolving Commitments expire or terminate, Lenders having Credit Exposures representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Credit Exposures provided that, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, (x) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Revolving Lender that is a Swingline Lender shall be deemed to exclude any amount of its Swingline Exposure in excess of its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Swingline Loans, adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.24 of the Swingline Exposures of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and the Unused Revolving Commitment of such Lender shall be determined on the basis of its Revolving Credit Exposure excluding such excess amount and (y) for the purpose of determining the Required Lenders needed for any waiver, amendment, modification or consent of or under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any Lender that is the Parent or an Affiliate of the Parent shall be disregarded. 
 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 
 Responsible Officer means (i) with respect to the Company, a Manager of the Company 
 (ii) with respect to the Parent, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Accounting Officer or the Treasurer of the Parent and (iii) with respect to any other Loan Party, a 

manager, a director, the chief executive officer, the chief operating officer, the president, any vice president (if appointed by the board of directors or similar governing body of such Loan Party), the chief financial officer, the treasurer or any assistant treasurer of such Loan Party, or any other officer having substantially the same authority and responsibility. 
 
 Retired Commitments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(c) . 
 Reuters means Thomson Reuters Corp., Refinitiv or any successor thereto. 
 Revolving Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender, if any, to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or terminated from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 , (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04 . The initial amount of each Lender s Revolving Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 , or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C) or other documentation contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Revolving Commitment pursuant to the terms hereof, as applicable. The initial aggregate amount of the Revolving Lenders Revolving Commitments is 
 600,000,000. 
 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans and its LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 
 Revolving Credit Maturity Date means the five year anniversary of the Effective Date, as extended (in the case of each Revolving Lender consenting thereto) pursuant to Section 2.25 provided , however , in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Revolving Credit Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 
 
 Revolving Lender means, as of any date of determination, each Lender that has a Revolving Commitment or, if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, a Lender with Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 
 Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(a) . 
 
 RFR means, for any RFR Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, SONIA, (b) euro (but solely with respect to a Swingline Loan denominated in euro), ESTR and (c) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR, and when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. 
 
 RFR means, for any RFR Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, SONIA. 
 
 RFR Administrator means the SONIA Administrator . 
 
 RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 

RFR Business Day means, for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London . , (b) euro (but solely with respect to a Swingline Loan denominated in euro), any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) any day on which the TARGET2 payment system is not open for the settlement of payments in euro and (c) Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 
 RFR Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 
 RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. 

S&P means Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc. 
 
 Sanctioned Country means a country, region or territory which is at any relevant time subject to comprehensive Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine , Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 
 Sanctions means 
 
 (a) economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the US government and administered by OFAC and 
 
 (b) economic or financial sanctions imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the US State Department, the US Department of Commerce, the US Department of the Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 
 Sanctions List means any of the lists of specifically designated nationals or designated persons or entities (or equivalent) held by the US government and administered by OFAC, the US State Department, the US Department of Commerce or the US Department of the Treasury or the United Nations Security Council or any similar list maintained by any other U.S. government entity or other relevant sanctions authority, in each case as the same may be amended, supplemented or substituted from time to time. 
 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 
 Securitization Transaction means any sale, assignment or other transfer by the Parent or any Subsidiary of accounts receivable, lease receivables, financial assets or other payment obligations owing to the Parent or such Subsidiary or any interest in any of the foregoing (other than sales of defaulted receivables, foreign receivables or similar items in the ordinary course of business), together in each case with any collections and other proceeds thereof, any collection or deposit accounts related thereto, and any collateral, guaranties or other property or claims in favor of the Parent or such Subsidiary supporting or securing payment by the obligor thereon of, or otherwise related to, any such receivables, financial assets or other payment obligations. 
 
 Senior Financial Officer means the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Accounting Officer or the Treasurer of the Parent. 
 
 Service of Process Agent means (i) so long as the Initial Affiliate Borrower is a Borrower hereunder, the Initial Affiliate Borrower and (ii) to the extent the Initial Affiliate Borrower ceases to be a Borrower hereunder in accordance with the terms of Section 2.23 , CT Corporation Systems, with an office on the date hereof at 111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011. 
 
 SOFR means , with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published as administered by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day . 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website Website , currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 
 SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 
 SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 
 
 Specified Ancillary Obligations means all obligations and liabilities (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, examinership, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) of any of the Subsidiaries, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, to the Lenders or any of their Affiliates under any Hedging Agreement or any Banking Services Agreement provided that the definition of Specified Ancillary Obligations shall not create or include any guarantee by any Loan Party of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Party to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Party for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Party. 
 
 Specified Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or Adjusted EURIBO Rate , as applicable, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D of the Board or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D . Eurocurrency Loans of the Board. Term Benchmark Loans for which the associated Benchmark is adjusted by reference to the Statutory Reserve Rate (per the related definition of such Benchmark) shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D of the Board or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the 

effective date of any change in any reserve percentage, and the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company promptly of any such adjustment. 
 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other Syndication Agent means each of Bank of America, N.A., MUFG Bank, Ltd., Citibank, N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association in its capacity as syndication agent for the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement. 
 
 Synthetic Lease Obligations means obligations under operating leases (as determined pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 13) of properties which are reported for United States income tax purposes as owned by the Parent or a Consolidated Subsidiary. The amount of Synthetic Lease Obligations under any such lease shall be determined in accordance with GAAP as if such operating lease were a capital finance lease. 
 
 TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. 
 
 TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement , such determination to be consistent with such determination generally under other syndicated credit facilities for which it acts as administrative agent is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
 
 Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, fees, value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Term Benchmark , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (except pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate. 
 
 Term Lender means, as of any date of determination, each Lender having a Term Loan Commitment or that holds Term Loans. 
 
 Term Loan Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to the earlier of (i) September 23, 2022 and (ii) the date of termination of all of the Term Loan Commitments. 
 
 Term Loan Commitment means (a) as to any Term Lender, the aggregate commitment of such Term Lender to make Term Loans as set forth on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C) or other documentation contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Term Loan Commitment, as applicable and (b) as to all Term Lenders, the aggregate commitment of all Term Lenders to make Term 

Loans, which aggregate commitment shall be 300,000,000 on the date of this Agreement. After advancing the Term Loan, each reference to a Term Lender s Term Loan Commitment shall refer to that Term Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Term Loans. 
 
 Term Loan Maturity Date means the five year anniversary of the Effective Date, as extended (in the case of each Term Lender consenting thereto) pursuant to Section 2.25 provided , however , in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Term Loan Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day 
 
 Term Loans means the term loans made by the Term Lenders to the Company pursuant to Section 2.01(b) . 
 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 
 Term SOFR Notice means a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 
 Term SOFR Transition Event means the determination by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable, good faith discretion that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not in the case of an Other Benchmark Rate Election), has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 2.14 that is not Term SOFR. Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator . 
 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified reasonably and in good faith by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 

Total Revolving Credit Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans at such time and (b) the total LC Exposure at such time. 
 
 Trade Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.04(e)(i) hereof. 
 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, the Alternate Base Rate or the Daily Simple RFR Central Bank Rate . 
 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
 Unfunded Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the sum of its Unfunded Revolving Commitment and its Unfunded Term Loan Commitment. 
 
 Unfunded Revolving Commitment means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, the Revolving Commitment of such Lender less its Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 
 Unfunded Term Loan Commitment means, with respect to each Term Loan Lender, the Term Loan Commitment of such Lender less the principal amount of its outstanding Term Loans. 
 
 Unfunded Vested Liabilities means, with respect to any Plan at any time, the amount (if any) by which (i) the current liability as defined in Section 412(l)(7) of the Code under such Plan exceeds (ii) the fair market value of all Plan assets allocable to such benefits, all as determined as of the then most recent valuation date for such Plan, but only to the extent that such excess represents a potential liability of the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate to the PBGC or such Plan under Title IV of ERISA. 
 
 United States and U.S. each mean the United States of America. 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Lender means a Lender that is not a Foreign Lender. 
 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.18 . 
 UK Bankruptcy Event means 
 (a) a UK Relevant Entity is unable or admits inability to pay its debts (as defined in section 123(1)(a) of the Insolvency Act 1986) as they fall due or is deemed to or declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, or suspends or threatens to suspend making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties or 
 
 (b) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other formal procedure or formal step for (i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganization (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any UK Relevant Entity (ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor of any UK Relevant Entity or (iii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any UK Relevant Entity, or any of the assets of any UK Relevant Entity save that this paragraph (b) shall conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Revolving Loan or by Type e.g. , a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan or by Class and Type e.g. , a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Loan or an RFR Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Revolving Borrowing or by Type e.g. , a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing or by Class and Type e.g. , a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or an RFR Revolving Borrowing ). 
 
 SECTION 1.03 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 

SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms GAAP . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that, if the Company notifies the Administrative Agent that the Company requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied without giving effect to such change until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, (i) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein (including computations in respect of compliance with Sections 6.01 and 6.02 shall be made (a) without giving effect to any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Debt or other liabilities of the Parent, the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (b) without giving effect to any treatment of Debt under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 or 2015-03 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Debt in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Debt shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof and (ii) except to the extent contemplated by clause (b) of the second sentence of the definition of Synthetic Lease Obligations , without giving effect to any change to, or modification of, GAAP (including any future phase-in of changes to GAAP that have been approved as of December 1, 2018) which would require the capitalization of leases characterized as operating leases as of December 1, 2018 (it being understood and agreed, for the avoidance of doubt, financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) shall be prepared without giving effect to this sentence). and excluding for purposes of the preparation and delivery of financial statements as contemplated by this Agreement, any obligations relating to a lease that was accounted for as an operating lease as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date and any similar lease entered into thereafter shall be accounted for as obligations relating to an operating lease and not as finance lease obligations or Debt, regardless of whether such obligations are capitalized on the balance sheet. 
 
 SECTION 1.05 Interest Rates LIBOR Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in an Agreed Dollars or a Foreign Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Regulators have signaled the need to use alternative benchmark reference rates for some of these interest rate benchmarks and, as a result, such interest rate benchmarks may cease to comply with applicable laws and regulations, may be permanently discontinued, and or the basis on which they are calculated may change. The London interbank offered rate LIBOR is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. On March 5, 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA publicly announced that (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, publication of all seven euro LIBOR settings, all seven Swiss Franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese Yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Pounds Sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will permanently cease immediately after June 30, 2023, publication of the 

overnight and 12-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will permanently cease immediately after December 31, 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Pounds Sterling LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or, subject to consultation by the FCA, be provided on a changed methodology (or synthetic basis and no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored and immediately after June 30, 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or, subject to the FCA s consideration of the case, be provided on a synthetic basis and no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. There is no assurance that dates announced by the FCA will not change or that the administrator of LIBOR and or regulators will not take further action that could impact the availability, composition, or characteristics of LIBOR or the currencies and or tenors for which LIBOR is published. Each party to this agreement should consult its own advisors to stay informed of any such developments. Public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of LIBOR. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, Section 2.14(b) and Section 2.14(c) provide provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company, pursuant to Section 2.14(e) , of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans is based. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to the Daily Simple RFR, LIBOR, EURIBOR or other rates in the definition of LIBO Rate (or EURIBO Rate , as applicable) any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section 2.14(b) or Section 2.14(c) , whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 2.14(d) , including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the Daily Simple RFR, the LIBO Rate (or the EURIBO Rate, as applicable) existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did LIBOR (or the euro interbank offered rate EURIBOR ), as applicable) any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, in each case with respect to its obligation to apply the definition of such rate in accordance with its terms and comply with its obligations in Article II (including Section 2.14) of this Agreement). The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions unrelated to the Company and this Agreement that affect the calculation of any Daily Simple RFR, interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Company Borrowers . The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services commonly used in the banking industry for such purposes in its reasonable good faith discretion to ascertain any RFR, Daily Simple RFR or any rate with respect to any Eurocurrency Loan interest rate used in this Agreement , any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrowers, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses 

(whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 
 SECTION 1.06 Luxembourg Terms . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in this Agreement where it relates to any Affiliate Borrower which is organized under the laws of Luxembourg, a reference to (a) a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors, compulsory manager or other similar officer includes a juge d l gu , commissaire, juge-commissaire, mandataire ad hoc, administrateur provisoire, liquidateur or curateur (b) liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or any similar proceeding shall include (i) insolvency bankruptcy (faillite) within the meaning of Articles 437 ff. of the Luxembourg Commercial Code , (ii) controlled management (gestion contr l e) within the meaning of the grand ducal regulation of 24 May 1935 on controlled management, (iii) voluntary arrangement with creditors (concordat pr ventif de la faillite) within the meaning of the law of 14 April 1886 on arrangements to prevent insolvency, as amended, (iv) suspension of payments (sursis de paiement) within the meaning of Articles 593 ff. of the Luxembourg Commercial Code or (v) voluntary or compulsory winding-up pursuant to the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, (c) a lien or security interest includes any hypoth que, nantissement, gage, privil ge, s ret r elle, droit de r tention , and any type of security in rem s ret r elle or agreement or arrangement having a similar effect and any transfer of title by way of security (d) a person being unable to pay its debts includes that person being in a state of cessation of payments cessation de paiements or having lost or meeting the criteria to lose its commercial creditworthiness branlement de cr dit (e) attachments or similar creditors process means an executory attachment saisie ex cutoire or conservatory attachment saisie arr t and (f) a set-off includes, for purposes of Luxembourg law, legal set-off. 
 
 SECTION 1.07 Certain Calculations . No Default or Event of Default shall arise as a result of any limitation or threshold set forth in Dollars in A rticles VI and VII under this Agreement being exceeded solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates from those rates applicable on the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Parent immediately preceding the fiscal quarter of the Parent in which the applicable transaction or occurrence requiring a determination occurs. 
 
 SECTION 1.08 Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 
 SECTION 1.09 Leverage Ratios . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for purposes of calculating any pro forma leverage ratio herein in connection with the incurrence of any Debt, (a) there shall be no netting of the cash proceeds proposed to be received in connection with the incurrence of such Debt and (b) to the extent the Debt to be incurred is revolving Debt, such incurred revolving Debt (or if applicable, the portion (and only such portion) of the increased commitments thereunder) shall be treated as fully drawn. 
 
 SECTION 1.10 Amendment and Restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement . The parties to this Agreement agree that, upon (i) the execution and delivery by each of the parties hereto of this Agreement and (ii) satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01 , the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement shall be and hereby are amended, superseded and restated in their 

entirety by the terms and provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to and shall not constitute a novation. All Loans (the Existing Loans made and Obligations incurred under the Existing Credit Agreement which are outstanding on the Effective Date shall (other than any Term Loans under (and as defined in) the Existing Credit Agreement to the extent repaid on the Effective Date) continue as Loans and Obligations under (and shall be governed by the terms of) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the foregoing, upon the effectiveness hereof (a) all references in the Loan Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) to the Administrative Agent , the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to the Administrative Agent, this Agreement and the Loan Documents, (b) the Administrative Agent shall make such reallocations, sales, assignments or other relevant actions in respect of each Lender s credit exposure under the Existing Credit Agreement as are necessary in order that each such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure and outstanding Revolving Loans hereunder reflects such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures on the Effective Date (without the necessity of executing and delivering any Assignment and Assumption or the payment of any processing or recordation fee), (c) the Existing Loans of each Departing Lender shall be repaid in full (accompanied by any accrued and unpaid interest and fees thereon), each Departing Lender s Commitment under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be terminated and the Departing Lenders shall not be a Lender hereunder (provided, however, that the Departing Lenders shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 and 9.03 and (d) the Company hereby agrees to compensate each Lender (and the Departing Lenders) for any and all losses, costs and expenses incurred by such Lender in connection with the sale and assignment of any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans (including the Eurocurrency Loans under (and as defined in) the Existing Credit Agreement) and such reallocation (and any repayment or prepayment of each Departing Lender s Loan) described above, in each case on the terms and in the manner set forth in Section 2.16 hereof. 
 
 ARTICLE II. 
 THE CREDITS 
 SECTION 2.01 Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (a) each Revolving Lender (severally and not jointly) agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrowers in Agreed Loan Currencies from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not, subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates and Section 2.11.2 and subject to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing to any Swingline Loans outstanding pursuant to Section 2.10(a)(i) , result in (i) subject to Section 2.04 , the Dollar Amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Revolving Commitment, (ii) subject to Section 2.04 , the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments, (iii) subject to Section 2.04 , the sum of the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all Loans outstanding to Affiliate Borrowers exceeding the Affiliate Borrower Sublimit or (iv) subject to Section 2.04 , the Dollar Amount of the total outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure, in each case denominated in Foreign Currencies, exceeding the Foreign Currency Sublimit, and (b) each Term Lender with a Term Loan Commitment (severally and not jointly) agrees to make Term Loans to the Company in Dollars in up to three (3) separate drawings during the Term Loan Availability Period, in an aggregate amount equal to such Lender s Term Loan Commitment by making immediately available funds available to the Administrative Agent s designated account, not later than the time specified by the Administrative Agent. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. Amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 

SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings . (a) Each Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and Type made by the applicable Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05 . The Term Loans shall amortize as set forth in Section 2.10 . 
 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.14 , (i) each Revolving Borrowing and Term Loan Borrowing shall be comprised (x) in the case of Borrowings in Dollars, entirely of ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans and (y) in the case of Borrowings in any other Agreed Currency, entirely of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, in each case of the same Agreed Currency, as the relevant Borrower may request in accordance herewith provided that each ABR Loan shall only be made in Dollars and no ABR Loan shall be made to a Designated Borrower and (ii) each Swingline Loan shall be (x) an ABR Loan in the case of a Swingline Loan denominated in Dollars (other than a Designated Swingline Loan), (y) a Eurocurrency Swingline or (y) an RFR Loan in the case of a Swingline Loan denominated in any Foreign Currency or (z) a Eurocurrency Swingline Loan in the case of a Designated Swingline Loan euro or Pounds Sterling . Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.14 , 2.15 , 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender) provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of any Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in a Foreign Currency, 1,000,000 units of such currency) and not less than 5,000,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in a Foreign Currency, 5,000,000 units of such currency). At the time that each ABR Borrowing and or RFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate Dollar Amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 1,000,000 provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the aggregate Revolving Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) . Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 25,000 (or, if such Swingline Loan is denominated in a Foreign Currency, 25,000 units of such currency) and not less than 100,000 (or, if such Swingline Loan is denominated in a Foreign Currency, 100,000 units of such currency). Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of fifteen (15) Eurocurrency Term Benchmark or RFR Borrowings outstanding. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Borrower shall be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the applicable Maturity Date. 
 
 SECTION 2.03 Requests for Borrowings . To request a Borrowing, the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request (a) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower) (i) in the case of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 3 00 p.m., Chicago time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (ii) in the case of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, not later than 1 00 p.m., Chicago time, four (4) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (iii) in the case of an RFR 

Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, not later than 12 00 noon, Chicago time, five (5) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12 00 noon, Chicago time, on the Business Day of the proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 
 (i) the name of the applicable Borrower 
 
 (ii) the Agreed Currency and aggregate principal amount of the requested Borrowing 
 
 (iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 
 (iv) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing , a Eurocurrency (in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars), a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing and whether such Borrowing is a Revolving Borrowing or a Term Loan Borrowing 
 
 (v) in the case of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Agreed Currency and initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 
 (vi) the location and number of the applicable Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07 . 
 
 If no election as to the currency of a Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be made in Dollars. If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then, in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars (other than a Designated Loan) , the requested Borrowing shall be a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of one month s duration. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, then the relevant Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 
 SECTION 2.04 Determination of Dollar Amounts . The Administrative Agent will determine the Dollar Amount of 
 
 (a) any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, on each of the following (i) the date of the Borrowing of such Loan and (ii) (A) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, each date of a conversion or continuation of such Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement , and (B) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month), 
 
 (b) any Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, on each of the following (i) the date on which such Letter of Credit is issued, (ii) the first Business Day of each calendar month and (iii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof, and 

(c) any Credit Event, on any additional date as the Administrative Agent may determine at any time when an Event of Default exists. 
 
 Each day upon or as of which the Administrative Agent determines Dollar Amounts as described in the preceding clauses (a), (b) and (c) is herein described as a Computation Date with respect to each Credit Event for which a Dollar Amount is determined on or as of such day, and the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company of all such determinations and related computations on such Computation Date. 
 
 SECTION 2.05 Swingline Loans . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Swingline Lender may in its sole discretion make Swingline Loans in Agreed Loan Currencies to the Company from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal Dollar Amount at any time outstanding that will not, subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates and Section 2.11.2 , result in (i) subject to Section 2.04 , the Dollar Amount of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans made by such Swingline Lender exceeding such Swingline Lender s Swingline Sublimit, except to the extent otherwise agreed by such Swingline Lender and the Company, with notice to be concurrently given to the Administrative Agent, (ii) subject to Section 2.04 , any Swingline Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Revolving Commitment, (iii) subject to Section 2.04 , the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding 100,000,000, (iv) subject to Section 2.04 , the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitment or (v) subject to Section 2.04 , the Dollar Amount of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency exceeding the Swingline Foreign Currency Sublimit provided that a Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. 
 
 (b) To request a Swingline Loan, the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by (i) irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by the Company), not later than 1 00 p.m., Chicago time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan in Dollars (other than a Designated Swingline Loan) and (ii) irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by the Company), not later than 9 00 a.m., Local Time, on the day of a proposed Eurocurrency Swingline Loan in a Foreign Currency or a Designated Swingline Loan euro or Pounds Sterling . Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day), applicable currency , Interest Period (in the case of a Eurocurrency Swingline Loan) , Type and amount of the requested Swingline Loan and the Swingline Lender to make such Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise such Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Company. Unless otherwise directed by the Company, each Swingline Lender shall (subject to such Swingline Lender s discretion to make Swingline Loans as set forth in Section 2.05(a) make each Swingline Loan to be made by it available to the Company by means of a credit to an account of the Company with the Administrative Agent designated for such purpose (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement herein, (i) to the extent such LC Disbursement was made in Dollars, such payment shall, automatically and without notice, be financed with (x) if the LC Disbursement is equal to or greater than 1,000,000, an ABR Revolving Borrowing in Dollars or, at the Company s election, a Swingline Loan, or (y) if the LC Disbursement is equal to or greater than 100,000 but less than 1,000,000, a Swingline Loan, in each case in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement or (ii) to the extent such LC Disbursement was made in a Foreign Currency, the Company may request in accordance with Section 2.03 that such payment be financed with (i) an ABR Revolving Borrowing or Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing in Dollars in the Dollar Amount of such LC 

Disbursement or (ii) to the extent that such LC Disbursement was made in a Foreign Currency, a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or an RFR Revolving Borrowing in such Foreign Currency (in the event such Foreign Currency is an Agreed Loan Currency) in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement, and, in each case, to the extent so financed, the Company s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing, Swingline Loan or Eurocurrency , Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or RFR Revolving Borrowing , as applicable. If the Company fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Company in respect thereof and such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Company, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Revolving Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders, provided that, with respect to any such payment in respect of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Agreed LC Currency that is not an Agreed Loan Currency, any Revolving Lender may make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Amount of such LC Disbursement), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to such Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Company pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to such Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Revolving Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Revolving Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse any Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving Loans, Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Loans, RFR Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. If the Company s reimbursement of, or obligation to reimburse, any amounts in any Foreign Currency would subject the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Revolving Lender to any stamp duty, ad valorem charge or similar tax that would not be payable if such reimbursement were made or required to be made in Dollars, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company prior to payment by the Company, and the Company shall, at its option, either (x) pay the amount of any such tax requested by the Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Bank or the relevant Revolving Lender or (y) reimburse each LC Disbursement made in such Foreign Currency in Dollars, in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount thereof calculated on the date such LC Disbursement is made. 
 
 (f) Obligations Absolute . The Company s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) any payment by any Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Company s obligations hereunder, or (v) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Foreign Currency to the Company or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Lenders nor the Issuing Banks, nor any of their respective Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any 

payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of an Issuing Bank provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any Issuing Bank from liability to the Company to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Company to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Company that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the relevant Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 
 (g) Disbursement Procedures . Each Issuing Bank shall, within the time period stipulated by the terms and conditions of the applicable Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof (and, if no time period is so stipulated, promptly), examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. After such examination, such Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Company by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or email in accordance with Section 9.01 of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement in accordance with Section 2.06(e) . 
 
 (h) Interim Interest . If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Company reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans (or in the case such LC Disbursement is denominated in a Foreign Currency, at the Overnight Rate for such Agreed LC Currency plus the then effective Applicable Rate with respect to Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Loans) provided that, if the Company fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(b) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the relevant Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse any Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Revolving Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 
 (i) Replacement and Resignation of Issuing Bank . (A) Each Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Company shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this to provide an amount 

of cash collateral or letter of credit cover hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount or letter of credit (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Company or the issuer of such letter of credit (as applicable) within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 
 (k) Conversion . In the event that the Loans become immediately due and payable on any date pursuant to Article VII, all amounts (i) that the Company is at the time or thereafter becomes required to reimburse or otherwise pay to the Administrative Agent in respect of LC Disbursements made under any Foreign Currency Letter of Credit (other than amounts in respect of which the Company has provided letter of credit cover, or deposited cash collateral, pursuant to paragraph (j) above, if such letter of credit was issued, or cash collateral was deposited, in the applicable Foreign Currency to the extent so deposited or applied), (ii) that the Revolving Lenders are at the time or thereafter become required to pay to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent is at the time or thereafter becomes required to distribute to any Issuing Bank pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section in respect of unreimbursed LC Disbursements made under any Foreign Currency Letter of Credit and (iii) of each Revolving Lender s participation in any Foreign Currency Letter of Credit under which an LC Disbursement has been made shall, automatically and with no further action required, be converted into the Dollar Amount thereof, calculated on such date (or in the case of any LC Disbursement made after such date, on the date such LC Disbursement is made), of such amounts. On and after such conversion, all amounts accruing and owed to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Revolving Lender in respect of the obligations described in this paragraph shall accrue and be payable in Dollars at the rates otherwise applicable hereunder. 
 
 (l) Issuing Bank Agreements . Each Issuing Bank agrees that, unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank shall report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) on the first Business Day of each week, the daily activity (set forth by day) in respect of Letters of Credit during the immediately preceding week, including all issuances, extensions and amendments, all expirations and cancellations and all disbursements and reimbursements, (ii) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank expects to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment or extension, and the aggregate face amount of the Letters of Credit to be issued, amended or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension occurred (and whether the amount thereof changed), (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement, the date of such LC Disbursement and the amount of such LC Disbursement, (iv) on any Business Day on which any Borrower fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount and currency of such LC Disbursement and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 
 
 (m) LC Exposure Determination . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the amount of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Letter of Credit Agreement related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn at such time. 
 
 SECTION 2.07 Funding of Borrowings . (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date specified in accordance with the terms hereof in the Borrowing Request (which, in the case of the Initial Term Loans, shall be the Initial Term Loan Funding Date, and for all other Term Loans each date on which such Term Loans are funded thereafter during the Term Loan 

Availability Period) solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds (i) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars (other than a Designated Loan) , by 1 00 p.m., Chicago time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders and (ii) in the case of each Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency and Designated Loans , by 1 00 p.m., Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agent s Eurocurrency Foreign Currency Payment Office for such currency and at such Eurocurrency Foreign Currency Payment Office for such currency provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05 . Except in respect of the provisions of this Agreement covering the reimbursement of Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the relevant Borrower by promptly crediting funds so received in the aforesaid account of the Administrative Agent to (x) an account of the Company maintained with the Administrative Agent in New York City or Chicago and designated by the relevant Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars and (y) an account of such Borrower maintained in the relevant jurisdiction and designated by such Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency provided that Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the relevant Issuing Bank. 
 
 (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing (or in the case of an ABR Borrowing, prior to 1 00 p.m., Chicago time, on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and such Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of such Borrower, the interest rate applicable under this Agreement to such Loans, or in the case of Foreign Currencies, in accordance with such market practice, in each case, as applicable. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 
 SECTION 2.08 Interest Elections . (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type and Agreed Loan Currency specified in the applicable Borrowing Request (or, if not so specified, as provided in Section 2.03) and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request (or, if not so specified, as provided in Section 2.03). Thereafter, the relevant Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. A Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. 
 
 (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, a Borrower, or the Company on its behalf, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election (by irrevocable written notice (via an Interest Election Request signed by such Borrower, or the Company on its behalf) by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if such Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type 

resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, this Section shall not be construed to permit any Borrower to (i) change the currency of any Borrowing, (ii) elect an Interest Period for Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans that does not comply with Section 2.02(d) or (iii) convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a Type not available under the Class of Commitments pursuant to which such Borrowing was made. 
 
 (c) Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 
 (i) the name of the applicable Borrower and the Agreed Loan Currency and principal amount of the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurocurrency (in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars), a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing and 
 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period and Agreed Currency to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 
 (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the applicable Class of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 
 (e) If the relevant Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period (i) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars (other than Designated Loans) , such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing provided that if the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent its customary standard documentation pre-authorizing automatic continuations, such Borrowing shall automatically continue as a Eurocurrency be continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing in Dollars its original Agreed Loan Currency with an Interest Period of one month unless such Eurocurrency Borrowing is or was repaid in accordance with Section 2.11 at the end of such Interest Period, and (ii) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency or a Designated Loan in respect of which the applicable Borrower shall have failed to deliver an Interest Election Request prior to the third (3 rd Business Day preceding the end of such Interest Period, , such Borrower shall be deemed to have selected that such Borrowing shall automatically continue as a Eurocurrency be continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing in the same its original Agreed Loan Currency with an Interest Period of one month at the end of such Interest Period. If the relevant 

Borrower fails to deliver a timely and complete Interest Election Request with respect to an RFR Borrowing in a Foreign Currency prior to the Interest Payment Date therefor, then, unless such Eurocurrency RFR Borrowing is or was repaid in accordance with Section 2.11 as provided herein, such Borrower shall be deemed to have selected that such RFR Borrowing shall automatically be continued as an RFR Borrowing in its original Agreed Loan Currency bearing interest at a rate based upon the applicable Daily Simple RFR as of such Interest Payment Date . Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Company, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, (x) each Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case denominated in Dollars (other than Designated Loans) , shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing (in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing) at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto or (in the case of an RFR Borrowing) on the next Interest Payment Date in respect thereof, and (y) each Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case denominated in a Foreign Currency shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the Applicable Rate CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines reasonably and in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent demonstrable error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Eurocurrency Loan Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency shall either be (A) converted to an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) at the end of the Interest Period or on the Interest Payment Date, as applicable, therefor or (B) prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period or on the Interest Payment Date, as applicable, in full provided that if no election is made by the relevant Borrower by the earlier of (x) the date that is three (3) Business Days after receipt by the Company of such notice and (y) the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan, such Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (A) above. 
 
 SECTION 2.09 Termination and Reduction of Commitments . 
 
 (a) Unless previously terminated, the Term Loan Commitments shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the funding of all of the Term Loans hereunder, (ii) 3 00 p.m., Chicago time, on the date on which the Term Loan Availability Period expires. Unless previously terminated, the Revolving Commitments shall terminate on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date (subject to Section 2.25 ). Concurrently with any Term Lender making any Term Loan, such Term Lender s Term Loan Commitment will be reduced in an amount equal to the amount of such Term Loan. 
 
 (b) The Company may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Revolving Commitments and or the Term Loan Commitments provided that (i) each reduction of such Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 
 5,000,000 and (ii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.11 , 
 (A) the Dollar Amount of any Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed its Revolving Commitment or (B) the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the acquisition of one Lender by another Lender, or the merger, consolidation or other combination of any two or more Lenders (any such acquisition, merger, 

consolidation or other combination being referred to hereinafter as a Combination and each Lender which is a party to such Combination being hereinafter referred to as a Combined Lender ), the Company may notify the Administrative Agent that it desires to reduce the Commitment of the Lender surviving such Combination (the Surviving Lender to an amount equal to the Commitment of that Combined Lender which had the largest Commitment of each of the Combined Lenders party to such Combination (such largest Commitment being the Surviving Commitment and the Commitments of the other Combined Lenders being hereinafter referred to, collectively, as the Retired Commitments ). If the Required Lenders (determined as set forth below) and the Administrative Agent agree to such reduction in the Surviving Lender s Commitment, then (i) the aggregate amount of the Commitments shall be reduced by the Retired Commitments effective upon the effective date of the Combination (or such later date as the Company may specify in its request), provided, that, on or before such date the Borrowers have paid in full the outstanding principal amount of the Loans of each of the Combined Lenders other than the Combined Lender whose Commitment is the Surviving Commitment, (ii) from and after the effective date of such reduction, the Surviving Lender shall have no obligation with respect to the Retired Commitments, 
 
 (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class, Agreed Currency and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 
 (d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of any Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 (e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it to any Borrower be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the relevant Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form attached hereto as Exhibit D-1 or D-2 , as applicable. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04 be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form. 
 
 SECTION 2.11 Prepayment of Loans . 
 
 SECTION 2.11.1. Voluntary Prepayments . 
 
 (a) Any Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section provided that (i) each prepayment of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing (other than in connection with a prepayment of all outstanding Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowings and or a prepayment of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing made to refinance the reimbursement of an 

LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e)) shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in a Foreign Currency, 1,000,000 units of such currency) and not less than 5,000,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in a Foreign Currency, 5,000,000 units of such currency) and (ii) each prepayment of an ABR Borrowing (other than in connection with a prepayment of all outstanding ABR Borrowings and or a prepayment of an ABR Borrowing made to refinance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e)) shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 1,000,000. 
 
 (b) The applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, shall notify the Administrative Agent by written notice of any prepayment hereunder (other than a prepayment of a Swingline Loan) (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and any Designated Loan , not later than 3 00 p.m., Chicago time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated euro, not later than 1 00 p.m., Chicago time, four (4) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (iii) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling , not later than 12 00 noon, Chicago time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of prepayment, (iv) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 1 00 p.m., Chicago time, on the date of prepayment or (v) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 1 00 p.m., Local Time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice from and including the date on which its Revolving Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Revolving Lender ceases to have any Revolving Credit Exposure. Accrued facility fees shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth (15 th Business Day following the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof provided that any facility fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand accompanied by an invoice in reasonable detail. The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term Lender a ticking fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the average daily unused amount of the Term Loan Commitment of such Term Lender during the period from and including the date that is ninety (90) days following Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Term Loan Commitment terminates as provided in Section 2.09(a) . Accrued ticking fees shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth (15 th Business Day following the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Term Loan Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. All facility fees and ticking fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 
 (c) The Company agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the Applicable LC Fee Rate (as defined below) on the average daily Dollar Amount of such Revolving Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Revolving Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to each Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue at a rate per annum separately agreed upon between the Company and such Issuing Bank on the average daily Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) attributable to Letters of Credit issued by the relevant Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, transfer, presentment or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued 

through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth (15 th Business Day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable promptly after demand. Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within thirty (30) days after demand accompanied by an invoice in reasonable detail. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars shall be paid in Dollars, and participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be paid in Dollars in the Dollar Amount thereof. As used above, Applicable LC Fee Rate means at any time (x) in the case of standby Letters of Credit (other than those described in the following clause (y)), the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Loans at such time and (y) in the case of commercial Letters of Credit and standby Letters of Credit issued to ensure the performance of services and or delivery of goods, in each case at a per annum rate equal to 50 of the Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Loans at such time. 
 
 (d) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (e) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds in Dollars (except as expressly provided in this Section), to the Administrative Agent (or to the relevant Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of facility fees and participation fees, to the applicable Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 
 SECTION 2.13 Interest . 
 
 (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (other than any Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. Each Swingline Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum agreed upon between the Company and the relevant Swingline Lender (or, if such a rate per annum is not agreed upon between the Company and the relevant Swingline Lender in respect of a Swingline Loan, such Swingline Loan shall bear interest at (i) in the case of a Swingline Loan denominated in Dollars other than a Designated Swingline Loan , the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for ABR Revolving Borrowings or (ii) in the case of a Swingline Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency or a Designated Swingline Loan, the Eurocurrency Swingline Rate euro or Pounds Sterling, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Rate). The Loans comprising each Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing (other than any Eurocurrency Swingline Borrowing) shall bear interest at (i) in the case of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate and (ii) in the case of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Rate. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee payable by any Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum 

equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any interest or fee, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 
 
 (c) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of Revolving Loans, upon termination of the Revolving Commitments provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 
 (d) Interest computed by reference to the LIBO Rate or the EURIBO Rate All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days . Interest , except that interest computed by reference to the Daily Simple RFR with respect to Pounds Sterling or the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year). In each case interest shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, LIBO Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBO Rate, EURIBO Rate , Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or Daily Simple RFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. 
 
 (e) By entering into this Agreement, the parties have assumed in bona fide that the interest payable hereunder is not and will not become subject to any deduction or withholding of Taxes for Swiss Withholding Tax. Nevertheless, if a deduction or withholding of Taxes for Swiss Withholding Tax is required by Swiss law to be made by the Swiss Borrower in respect of any interest payable by it under a Loan Document then 
 
 (i) the applicable interest rate in relation to that interest payment shall be 
 
 (A) the interest rate which would have applied to that interest payment (as provided for in this Section 2.13 in the absence of this paragraph (e) , divided by 
 
 (B) one (1) minus the rate at which the relevant deduction or withholding of Taxes for Swiss Withholding Tax is required to be made (where the rate at which the relevant deduction or withholding of Taxes for Swiss Withholding Tax is required to be made is for this purpose expressed as a fraction of (1) rather than as percentage) 
 
 (ii) the Swiss Borrower shall (i) pay the relevant interest at the adjusted rate in accordance with paragraph (a) above and (ii) make the deduction or withholding of Taxes for Swiss Withholding Tax on the interest so recalculated and 
 
 (iii) all references to a rate of interest with respect to any Loan shall be construed accordingly. 
 
 To the extent that interest payable by a Swiss Borrower under this Agreement becomes subject to Swiss Withholding Tax, each relevant Lender and each Swiss Borrower shall promptly cooperate by completing any procedural formalities (including submitting forms and documents required by the 

appropriate Tax authority) to the extent possible and necessary for that Swiss Borrower to obtain authorization to make interest payments without them being subject to Swiss Withholding Tax or to being subject to Swiss Withholding Tax at a rate reduced under applicable double taxation treaties. 
 
 In the event Swiss Withholding Tax is refunded to a Lender by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, the relevant Lender shall forward, after deduction of any due payment to be made at the time of such refund by the relevant Swiss Borrower under this Agreement and costs, such amount to the relevant Swiss Borrower. 
 
 (f) The Swiss Borrower is not required to make an increased payment to a Lender under paragraph (e) above by reason of a deduction or withholding of Taxes for Swiss Withholding Tax due to a breach of the Swiss Non-Bank Rules (i) if such lender has made an incorrect declaration of its status as to whether or not it is a Swiss Qualifying Lender, (ii) has breached the assignment, transfer or exposure transfer restrictions pursuant to Section 9.04(b)(ii)(G) (Successors and Assigns), or 
 (iii) has ceased to be a Swiss Qualifying Lender other than as a result of any change after the date it became a Lender under this agreement in (or in the interpretation, administration or application of) any law or double taxation treaty, or any published practice or published concession of any relevant taxing authority. 
 
 (g) Interest in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars shall be paid in Dollars, and interest in respect of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be paid in such Foreign Currency. 
 
 (h) Notwithstanding the foregoing, all Eurocurrency Loans (as defined in this Agreement immediately prior to giving effect to Amendment No. 1 to this Agreement on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date) denominated in Dollars outstanding as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall remain Eurocurrency Loans outstanding under this Agreement (upon giving effect to Amendment No. 1 to this Agreement on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date) until the end of the current Interest Period applicable thereto and, upon the expiration of such current Interest Period, shall be converted to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars with an Interest Period of one (1) month (the SOFR Conversion ). Subject to the SOFR Conversion, all other terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement with respect to Term Benchmark Loans in Dollars shall apply to such Eurocurrency Loans referred to in the first sentence of this clause (h), mutatis mutandis . 
 
 SECTION 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 
 (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) , and (f) and (g) of this Section 2.14 , if 
 
 (i) if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent demonstrable error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate , the LIBO Rate, or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate , the EURIBO Rate as applicable (including , without limitation, because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis) , for the applicable Agreed Loan Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Agreed Loan Currency or 

(ii) if the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted LIBO Rate, the LIBO Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate for the applicable Agreed Loan Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Loan Currency and for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Agreed Loan Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Loan Currency 
 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice (in reasonable detail) thereof to the applicable Borrower Company and the Lenders of the applicable Class prior to the commencement of such Interest Period , by telephone, facsimile or email in accordance with Section 9.01 as promptly as practicable thereafter , and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the applicable Borrower Company and the Lenders of the applicable Class that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist (which notice shall be given by the Administrative Agent hereby agrees to provide promptly after its determination of such circumstances ceasing cease to exist) , (i) with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the applicable Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing shall be ineffective, (ii) if and any Borrowing Request that requests a Eurocurrency Borrowing in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing and (iii) if Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above and (B) for Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing , in each case, for the relevant rate above in a Foreign Currency, then such request shall be Benchmark, shall be ineffective provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings Borrowing , then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Loan Currency is outstanding on the date of the applicable Borrower s Company s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders of the applicable Class that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist , (1) if such Eurocurrency Loan is (which notice shall be given by the Administrative Agent promptly after such circumstances cease to exist) with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the applicable Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, then any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Eurocurrency Loan shall , be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan 

if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day , and 2 B if such Eurocurrency Loan is for Loans denominated in any Agreed a Foreign Currency other than Dollars, then such Eurocurrency , (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency plus the Applicable Rate CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines reasonably and in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent demonstrable error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Agreed such Foreign Currency other than Dollars shall, at the applicable Borrower s Company s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by such the applicable Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan, such Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Agreed such Foreign Currency other than Dollars shall be deemed to be a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time or and 3 2 if such RFR Loan is denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars, then such any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency plus the Applicable Rate CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines reasonably and in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent demonstrable error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Agreed Foreign Currency, at such Borrower s the Company s election, shall either x A be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) immediately or y B be prepaid in full immediately. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event , an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause 3 2 of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Agreed Loan Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders and the Company without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, with respect to a Loan denominated in Dollars, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent 

Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, this clause (c) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Company a Term SOFR Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to deliver a Term SOFR Notice after the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event and may do so in its sole discretion provided, however, the Benchmark Replacement Date cannot occur unless such Term SOFR Notice has been provided and the other applicable requirements in the definition of Benchmark Replacement Date have been satisfied. 
 
 (c) (d) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 
 (d) (e) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of 
 (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause f e below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest demonstrable error and may be made in its or their sole reasonable good faith discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. 
 
 (e) (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR , the LIBO Rate or the EURIBO Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service commonly used in the banking industry for such purpose that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and consistent with such selection generally under other substantially similar syndicated credit facilities for which it acts as the administrative agent or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 
 (f) (g) Upon the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period , from the Administrative Agent and until a Benchmark Replacement is determined becomes effective in accordance with this Section 2.14, the applicable Borrower may revoke any request for a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion 

to or continuation of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) such Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans (A) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) any request for a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR the Alternate Base Rate . Furthermore, if any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Loan Currency is outstanding on the date of the Company s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Loan Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14, i A if such Eurocurrency Loan is for Loans denominated in Dollars , then any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Eurocurrency Loan shall , be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day , and ii B if such Eurocurrency Loan is for Loans denominated in any Agreed a Foreign Currency other than Dollars, then such Eurocurrency , (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency plus the Applicable Rate CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines reasonably and in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent demonstrable error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Agreed Foreign Currency other than Dollars shall, at the applicable Borrower s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by such Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan, such Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Agreed Foreign Currency other than Dollars shall be deemed to be a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time or (iii) if such RFR Loan is denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars, then such and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency plus the Applicable Rate CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines reasonably and in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent demonstrable error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Agreed Foreign Currency, at such the applicable Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 
 SECTION 2.15 Increased Costs . (a) If any Change in Law shall 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate , as applicable or any Issuing Bank 
 
 (ii) impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or the London or other applicable offshore interbank market for the applicable Agreed Currency any other condition affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein or 
 
 (iii) subject the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations of the type that such Lender has hereunder, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto 
 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to the Administrative Agent or such Lender of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan or to increase the cost to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank hereunder, whether of principal, interest or otherwise, then the applicable Borrower will pay to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Administrative Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered as reasonably determined by such Lender or such Issuing Bank (which determination shall be made in good faith (and not on an arbitrary or capricious basis) and consistent with similarly situated customers of the applicable Lender or the applicable Issuing Bank under agreements having provisions similar to this Section 2.15 after consideration of such factors as such Lender or such Issuing Bank then reasonably determines to be relevant). 
 
 (b) If any Lender or Issuing Bank reasonably determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered as reasonably determined by such Lender or such Issuing Bank (which determination shall be made in good faith (and not on an arbitrary or capricious basis) and consistent with similarly situated customers of the applicable Lender or the applicable Issuing Bank under agreements having provisions similar to this Section 2.15 after consideration of such factors as such Lender or such Issuing Bank then reasonably determines to be relevant). 
 
 (c) A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail the computation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or its 

holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Company contemporaneously with any demand for payment hereunder and shall be conclusive absent clearly demonstrable error. The Company shall pay, or cause the other Borrowers to pay, such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. 
 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation provided that the Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions if such Lender or such Issuing Bank fails to notify the Company within 90 days after it obtains actual knowledge (or, in the exercise of ordinary due diligence, should have obtained actual knowledge) and such Lender and such Issuing Bank shall only be entitled to receive such compensation for any losses incurred by it or amounts to which it would otherwise be entitled from and after the date 90 days prior to the date such Lender or such Issuing Bank provided notice thereof to the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s claim for compensation therefor provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 90-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 
 SECTION 2.16 Break Funding Payments . 
 
 (a) With respect to Loans that are not RFR Term Benchmark Loans, in the event of i a the payment of any principal of any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), ii b the conversion of any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, iii c the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), iv d the assignment of any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19 or 9.02(e) or v e the failure by any Borrower to make any payment of any Loan (or interest due thereof) denominated in a Foreign Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the relevant Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss (excluding loss of margin), cost and expense attributable to such event. In the case of a Eurocurrency Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (x) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, as applicable, that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or , in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (y) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the relevant Agreed Currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the applicable offshore market for such Agreed Currency, whether or not such Eurocurrency Loan was in fact so funded provided, however, that such Borrower shall not be required to compensate any Lender for any costs of terminating or liquidating any hedge or trading position (including any rate swap, basis swap, forward rate transaction, interest rate option, cap, collar or floor transaction, or any similar transaction). A certificate of any Lender setting forth the computation in 

reasonable detail of any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the applicable Borrower contemporaneously with the demand for payment and shall be conclusive absent clearly demonstrable error. The applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate free of clearly demonstrable error within 30 days after receipt thereof. 
 
 (b) With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11 ), (ii) the failure to borrow , convert, continue or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19 or 9.02(e) or (iv) the failure by any the applicable Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in a Foreign Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the applicable Borrower Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth the computation in reasonable detail of any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the applicable Borrower contemporaneously with the demand for payment and shall be conclusive absent clearly demonstrable error. The applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate free of clearly demonstrable error within 30 days after receipt thereof. 
 
 SECTION 2.17 Taxes . 
 
 (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the reasonable good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then, subject to Section 2.17(m) and without duplication, (i) the sum payable by the relevant Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions or withholdings (including deductions or withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent, Lender, or any other recipient of such payments (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made, (ii) such Loan Party shall make such deductions or withholdings and (iii) such Loan Party shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law provided , however , in no event will a payment be increased under this paragraph (a) by reason of a deduction on account of Taxes imposed by Luxembourg, if on the date on which the payment falls due a deduction is required in respect of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, introducing in Luxembourg a 20 withholding tax as regards Luxembourg resident individuals. 
 
 (b) In addition, each Borrower shall pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes related to such Borrower. 
 
 (c) The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, within 30 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of such Borrower under any Loan Document (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) and any 

interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted 
 
 (a) Each Borrower shall make each payment or prepayment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 , or otherwise) prior to (i) in the case of payments denominated in Dollars (other than in respect of Designated Loans) , 1 00 p.m., Chicago time and (ii) in the case of payments denominated in a Foreign Currency or in respect of Designated Loans , 1 00 p.m., Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agent s Eurocurrency Foreign Currency Payment Office for such currency or Designated Loan, as applicable, , in each case on the date when due or the date fixed for any prepayment hereunder, in immediately available funds, without set-off, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made (i) in the same currency in which the applicable Credit Event was made (or where such currency has been converted to euro, in euro) and (ii) to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 10 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603 or, in the case of a Credit Event denominated in a Foreign Currency or a Designated Loan , the Administrative Agent s Eurocurrency Foreign Currency Payment Office for such currency or Designated Loan, as applicable, except payments to be made directly to an Issuing Bank or a Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments denominated in the same currency received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, if, after the making of any Credit Event in any Foreign Currency, currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such currency with the result that the type of currency in which the Credit Event was made (the Original Currency no longer exists or any Borrower is not able to make payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in such Original Currency, then all payments to be made by such Borrower hereunder in such currency shall instead be made when due in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount (as of the date of repayment) of such payment due, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the Borrowers take all risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. 
 
 (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 
 
 (c) If, except as expressly provided herein, any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other similarly situated Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of 

other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by all such Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with otherwise cause a breach of the Swiss Ten Non-Bank Rule or the Swiss Twenty Non-Bank Rule) or (D) rejects the designation of an Agreed Currency or of a Foreign Subsidiary as an Eligible Subsidiary if, in each case, such Agreed Currency or designation of a Foreign Subsidiary as an Eligible Subsidiary has otherwise been approved by the Required Lenders, (iv) any Lender shall determine that any law, regulation or treaty or directive, or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof, shall make it unlawful for such Lender to make or maintain any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans as contemplated by this Agreement, (v) any Lender shall enter into, or purport to enter into, any assignment or participation with a Disqualified Institution in violation of this Agreement or (vi) any Lender that is a Swingline Lender or an Issuing Bank shall (A) resign in its capacity as such, (B) fail to promptly approve the assignment of a Commitment that the Administrative Agent has approved as contemplated by clause (i) of the proviso below or (C) fail to promptly approve a New Lender that the Administrative Agent has approved in the case of an increase in the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.20, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04 ), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17 and obligations under the Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (i) such Lender is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (and if a Revolving Commitment is being assigned, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lenders) and (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts). Each party hereto agrees that (1) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (2) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if a Lender has become the subject of a Bail-In Action (or any case or other proceeding in which a Bail-In Action may occur) (each, a Bail-In Lender ), then the Company may terminate such Bail-In Lender s Commitment hereunder, provided that (A) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such Commitment termination, (B) in the case of a Bail-In Lender, the Company shall concurrently terminate the Commitment of each other Lender that is a Bail-In Lender at such time, (C) the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders shall have consented to each such Commitment termination (such consents not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, but may include consideration of the adequacy of the liquidity of the Company and its Subsidiaries) and (D) such Bail-In Lender shall have been paid all amounts then due to it under this Agreement and each other Loan Document (which, for the avoidance of doubt, the respective Borrowers may pay in connection with any 

such termination without making ratable payments to any other Lender (other than another Lender that has a Commitment that concurrently is being terminated under this Section 2.19(b) )). 
 
 SECTION 2.20 Expansion Option . The Company may from time to time elect to increase the Revolving Commitments or enter into one or more tranches of term loans (each an Incremental Term Loan ), in each case in a minimum amount of 25,000,000 and minimum increments of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, so long as, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of such increases and all such Incremental Term Loans does not exceed 300,000,000. The Company may arrange for any such increase or tranche to be provided by one or more Lenders (each Lender so agreeing to an increase in its Revolving Commitment, or to participate in such Incremental Term Effect shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date and (y) clause (i)(B) of this sentence shall be deemed to have been satisfied so long as the Parent shall be in compliance (on a pro forma basis) with the covenants contained in Sections 6.01 and 6.02 as of the date of execution of the related Limited Conditionality Acquisition Agreement by the parties thereto. On the effective date of any increase in the Revolving Commitments or any Incremental Term Loans being made, (i) each relevant Increasing Lender and Augmenting Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and (ii) the Borrowers shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase in the Revolving Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03 ). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrowers pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. The Incremental Term Loans (a) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the Revolving Loans and the initial Term Loans, (b) shall not mature earlier than the latest Maturity Date in effect on the date of incurrence of such Incremental Term Loans (but may have amortization prior to such date) and (c) shall be treated substantially the same as (and in any event no more favorably than) the Revolving Loans and the initial Term Loans provided that (i) the terms and conditions applicable to any tranche of Incremental Term Loans maturing after the latest Maturity Date in effect on the date of incurrence of such Incremental Term Loans may provide for material additional or different financial or other covenants or prepayment requirements applicable only during periods after the latest Maturity Date in effect on the date of incurrence of such Incremental Term Loans and (ii) the Incremental Term Loans may be priced differently than the Revolving Loans and the initial Term Loans. Incremental Term Loans may be made hereunder pursuant to an amendment or restatement (an Incremental Term Loan Amendment of this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrowers, each Increasing Lender participating in such tranche, each Augmenting Lender participating in such tranche, if any, and the Administrative Agent. The Incremental Term Loan Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.20 . Nothing contained in this Section 2.20 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase its Revolving Commitment hereunder, or provide Incremental Term Loans, at any time. 

SECTION 2.21 Market Disruption . Notwithstanding the satisfaction of all conditions referred to in Article II and Article IV with respect to any Credit Event to be effected in any Foreign Currency, if (i) there shall occur on or prior to the date of such Credit Event any change in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls which would in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Bank (if such Credit Event is a Letter of Credit) or the Required Lenders make it impracticable for the Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowings or Letters of Credit comprising such Credit Event to be denominated in the Agreed Currency specified by the applicable Borrower or (ii) a Dollar Amount of such currency is not readily calculable, then the Administrative Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to such Borrower, the Lenders and, if such Credit Event is a Letter of Credit, the relevant Issuing Bank, and such Credit Events shall not be denominated in such Agreed Currency but shall, except as otherwise set forth in Section 2.07 , be made on the date of such Credit Event in Dollars, (a) if such Credit Event is a Borrowing, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Dollar Amount of the aggregate principal amount specified in the related request for a Credit Event or Interest Election Request, as the case may be, as ABR Loans, unless such Borrower notifies the 
 
 (b) Liens imposed by law for taxes, assessments or charges of any Governmental Authority for claims which are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days, or to the extent that such Lien is being contested in good faith by appropriate actions and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained therefor, provided that no notice of Lien has been filed or recorded under the Code 
 
 (c) statutory Liens of landlords and Liens of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and other Liens imposed by law or created in the ordinary course of business, provided that (i) the obligation secured by the applicable Lien has not been delinquent for more than 90 days or remains payable without penalty and, in each case, the property subject to such Lien is not subject to forfeiture as a result of such Lien or (ii) the applicable Lien is being contested in good faith by appropriate actions, which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject thereto 
 
 (d) Liens (other than any Lien imposed under ERISA) consisting of pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business (i) required in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation and (ii) securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers to secure obligations with respect to casualty or liability insurance maintained by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries 
 
 (e) Liens on property of the Parent or any Subsidiary securing (i) the non-delinquent performance of bids, trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases or statutory obligations, (ii) surety bonds (excluding appeal bonds and other bonds posted in connection with court proceedings or judgments) and (iii) other non-delinquent obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (f) Liens consisting of judgment or judicial attachment liens and Liens securing contingent obligations on appeal bonds and other bonds posted in connection with court proceedings or judgments, to the extent that such Liens do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (j) of Article VII 
 
 (g) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances on real property which in the aggregate do not materially detract from the value of such property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the businesses of the Parent and its Subsidiaries 

(h) Liens securing obligations in respect of capital finance leases on assets subject to such leases, provided that such leases are otherwise permitted hereunder 
 
 (i) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to bankers liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies (or, with respect to accounts located in Luxembourg, contractual provisions) as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution and or Liens arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to deposit accounts relating to intercompany cash pooling, interest set-off and or sweeping arrangements provided that (i) such deposit account is not a dedicated cash collateral account and is not subject to restrictions against access by the Parent or the applicable Subsidiary in excess of those set forth by regulations promulgated by the Board and (ii) such deposit account is not intended by the Parent or any Subsidiary to provide collateral to the depository institution 
 
 (j) Liens arising in connection with Securitization Transactions 
 
 (e) deferred compensation owed to employees incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (f) to the extent constituting Debt, obligations with respect to deferred compensation, retiree healthcare medical benefits or other similar employment arrangements incurred in connection with acquisitions or dispositions permitted under this Agreement 
 
 (g) to the extent constituting Debt, obligations incurred in respect of cash management services, netting services, overdraft protection and similar arrangements and hedging transactions with a term not exceeding two years, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (h) Debt constituting reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit issued in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other reimbursement-type obligations relating to regarding workers compensation claims incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (i) obligations in respect of performance and surety, stay, customs, appeal and performance bonds, performance and completion guarantees and similar instruments or obligations in respect of letters of credit in respect thereof, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (j) Debt that has maturities and other terms, and is subordinated to the Obligations in a manner, satisfactory to the Required Lenders 
 
 (k) Debt arising under capital finance leases in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 50,000,000 outstanding at any time 
 
 (l) Debt of Affiliate Borrowers arising under the Loan Documents 
 
 (m) Debt of any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement, lease or improvement of any fixed or capital assets and any Debt assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and amendments, modifications, extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements of any such Debt provided that (i) such Debt is initially incurred prior to or within 270 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction, repair, replacement, lease or improvement and (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Debt permitted by this clause (m) shall not exceed 50,000,000 at any time outstanding and 

(n) other Debt in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (i) 325,000,000 and (ii) 7 of the Parent s Consolidated Total Assets as shown on the then most recent consolidated financial statements of the Parent delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01 (or, prior to such initial delivery pursuant to Section 5.01 , Section 3.04 ), outstanding at any time. 
 
 SECTION 6.06 OFAC and Anti-Corruption Laws . 
 
 (a) The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that none of the Borrowers or its other controlled affiliated companies will, directly or, to the Parent s Knowledge, indirectly use the proceeds of Credit Events hereunder 
 
 (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws 
 
 (ii) to fund or finance any activities, business or transaction of or with any Designated Person or in any Sanctioned Country, in either case, to the extent such activities, business or transaction would violate Sanctions (assuming, for purposes of this covenant hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows 
 
 (i) if to any Loan Party, to nVent Finance S. r.l. (in care of nVent Management Company), 1665 Utica Avenue, St. Louis Park, Minnesota 55416, Attention Randy Wacker (Telecopy No. 763-204-7951 Email Randy.Wacker nVent.com Telephone No. 763-204-7591), with a copy to, in the case of any notice of Default or Event of Default, nVent Finance S. r.l. (in care of nVent Management Company), 1665 Utica Avenue, St. Louis Park, Minnesota 55416, Attention Sara Zawoyski (Telecopy No. 763-204-7951 Email Sara.Zawoyski nVent.com Telephone No. 763-204-7736) 
 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, (A) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars (other than Designated Loans) , to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2, Chicago, Illinois 60603, Attention of Loan and Agency (Telecopy No. 888-303-9732 Email jpm.agency.servicing.cri jpmchase.com Email charitra.shetty chase.com), (B) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Foreign Currencies and Designated Loans , to J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP, Attention of The Manager, Loan & Agency Services (Telecopy No. 44 207 777 2360 Email loan_and_agency_london jpmorgan.com), (C) for all other notices, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 8181 Communications Pkwy, Building B, Floor 6, Plano, Texas 75024, Attention of Peter Predun (Email peter.predun jpmorgan.com) and (D) in the case of a notification of the DQ List, to JPMDQ_Contact jpmorgan.com 
 
 (iii) if to an Issuing Bank, to it at (a) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2, Chicago, Illinois 60603, Attention of Letter of Credit Team (Telecopy No. 214-307-6874 Email Chicago.LC.Agency.Activity.Team JPMChase.com) or (b) in the case of any other Issuing Bank, to it at the address and telecopy number specified from time to time by such Issuing Bank to the Company and the Administrative Agent 
 
 (iv) if to JPMorgan in its capacity as a Swingline Lender, (A) in the case of Swingline Loans denominated in Dollars (other than Designated Swingline Loans) , to it at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2, Chicago, Illinois 60603, Attention of Loan and Agency (Telecopy 

No. 888-303-9732 Email jpm.agency.servicing.cri jpmchase.com Email charitra.shetty chase.com) and (B) in the case of Swingline Loans denominated in Foreign Currencies and Designated Swingline Loans , to it at J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP, Attention of The Manager, Loan & Agency Services (Telecopy No. 44 207 777 2360 Email loan_and_agency_london jpmorgan.com) or (b) in the case of any other Swingline Lender, to it at the address and telecopy number specified from time to time by such Swingline Lender to the Company and the Administrative Agent and 
 
 (v) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through Approved Electronic Platforms, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). 
 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Approved Electronic Platforms pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The 
 
 Administrative Agent or the Company may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an email address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return email or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its email address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 
 (c) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 
 SECTION 9.02 Waivers Amendments . 
 
 (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this 

Agreement or consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 
 (b) Except as provided in Section 2.25 with respect to the extension of the Maturity Date, or as provided in Section 2.20 with respect to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment or as provided in Section 2.14(b) , and Section 2.14(c) and Section 2.14(d) or as provided in Section 9.02(e) , neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders or by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (provided that an amendment, modification, waiver or consent with respect to any condition precedent, covenant, mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11.2 , Event of Default or Default shall not constitute an increase in the Commitment of any Lender), (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon (other than waivers or amendments with respect to the application of a default rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.13(b) ), or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (except that any amendment or modification of the financial covenants or ratios in this Agreement (or defined terms used in the financial covenants or ratios in this Agreement) shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (ii)), (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (other than any information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to prohibit the Administrative Agent, any Swingline Lender, any Issuing Bank or any Lender from disclosing Information in any manner subject to protection under any foreign, federal, state or local whistleblower law. 
 
 EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING PARAGRAPH FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE COMPANY AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW AND AGREES TO UPDATE SUCH CREDIT CONTACT BY NOTICE TO THE COMPANY AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT FROM TIME TO TIME AS NECESSARY TO CAUSE THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATION TO BE TRUE AT ALL TIMES. 
 
 SECTION 9.13 USA PATRIOT Ac Act Beneficial Ownership Regulation . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act and the requirements of the Beneficial Ownership Regulation hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name, address and tax identification number of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 
 SECTION 9.14 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and regulation of any jurisdiction purporting to prohibit the payment by such Subsidiary or any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations, of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise affecting any term of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or (h) any other act, omission or delay to do any other act which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of the Parent or otherwise operate as a discharge of a guarantor as a matter of law or equity or which would impair or eliminate any right of the Parent to subrogation. 
 
 The Parent further agrees that its agreement hereunder constitutes a guarantee of payment when due (whether or not any bankruptcy or similar proceeding shall have stayed the accrual or collection of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or operated as a discharge thereof) and not merely of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of its Affiliates) to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in favor of any Subsidiary or any other Person. 
 
 The obligations of the Parent hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, and shall not be subject to any defense or set-off, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever, by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, any impossibility in the performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise. 

The Parent further agrees that its obligations hereunder shall constitute a continuing and irrevocable guarantee of all Guaranteed Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Guaranteed Obligation (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or is or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of its Affiliates) upon the insolvency, examinership, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Subsidiary or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a holder of Guaranteed Obligations in its discretion). 
 
 In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of its Affiliates) may have at law or in equity against the Parent by virtue hereof, upon the failure of any Subsidiary to pay any Guaranteed Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, the Parent hereby promises to and will, promptly but in any event within two (2) Business Days following receipt of written demand by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of its Affiliates), forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of its Affiliates) in cash an amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of the Guaranteed Obligations then due, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Parent further agrees that if payment in respect of any Guaranteed Obligation shall be due in a currency other than Dollars and or at a place of payment other than New York, Chicago or any other Eurocurrency Foreign Currency Payment Office and if, by reason of any Change in Law, disruption of currency or foreign exchange markets, war or civil disturbance or other similar event, payment of such Guaranteed Obligation in such currency or at such place of payment shall be impossible or, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of its Affiliates), disadvantageous to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of such Lender s Affiliates) in any material respect, then, at the election of the Administrative Agent, the Parent shall make payment of such Guaranteed Obligation in Dollars (based upon the Dollar Amount of such Specified Ancillary Obligation on the date of payment) and or in New York, Chicago or such other Eurocurrency Foreign Currency Payment Office as is designated by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and, as a separate and independent obligation, shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank and any Lender (and such Lender s Affiliates), as applicable, against any losses or reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that it shall sustain as a result of such alternative payment. 

EXHIBIT D-1 
 
 FORM OF REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE 
 
 September 24, 2021 
 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, NVENT FINANCE S. R.L., a Luxembourg private limited liability company Soci t responsabilit limit e ), having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register R.C.S. Luxembourg under number B 219846 HOFFMAN SCHROFF HOLDINGS, INC. (the Borrower ), HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY TO LENDER (the Lender the outstanding principal balance of the Lender s Revolving Loans made to the Borrower, together with interest thereon, at the rate or rates, in the amounts and at the time or times set forth in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), dated as of September 24, 2021, by and among nVent Finance S. r.l., nVent Electric plc, Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc., the other Affiliate Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, the Documentation Agents, the Syndication Agents and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, in each case at such place as the Administrative Agent may specify from time to time, in lawful money of the United States in immediately available funds. 
 
 Capitalized terms used herein which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Revolving Loans evidenced by this Note are prepayable in the amounts, and on the dates, set forth in the Credit Agreement. This Note is one of the Notes under, and as such term is defined in, the Credit Agreement, and is subject to, and should be construed in accordance with, the provisions thereof, and is entitled to the benefits set forth in the Loan Documents. 
 
 The Lender is hereby authorized to record on the schedule annexed hereto and any continuation sheets which the Lender may attach thereto (a) the date and amount of each Revolving Loan made by such Lender, (b) the character of each Revolving Loan as one or more ABR Borrowings, one or more Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowings, one or more RFR Borrowings or a combination thereof, (c) the Interest Period and Adjusted LIBO Rate applicable to each Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, and (d) the date and amount of each conversion of, and each payment or prepayment of principal of, each Revolving Loan. No failure to so record nor any error in so recording shall affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Revolving Loans, together with interest thereon, as provided in the Credit Agreement, and the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Loans as set forth in such schedule shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein. 
 
 Except as specifically otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement, the Borrower hereby waives presentment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest and all other demands, protests and notices in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, collection and enforcement of this Note. 
 
 THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

NVENT FINANCE S. R.L. 
 HOFFMAN SCHROFF HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 By Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT D-2 
 
 FORM OF TERM LOAN NOTE 
 
 September 24, 2021 
 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, NVENT FINANCE S. R.L., a Luxembourg private limited liability company Soci t responsabilit limit e ), having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register R.C.S. Luxembourg under number B 219846 (the Borrower ), HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY TO LENDER (the Lender the outstanding principal balance of the Lender s Term Loans made to the Borrower, together with interest thereon, at the rate or rates, in the amounts and at the time or times set forth in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), dated as of September 24, 2021, by and among nVent Finance S. r.l., nVent Electric plc, Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc., the other Affiliate Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, the Documentation Agents, the Syndication Agents and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, in each case at such place as the Administrative Agent may specify from time to time, in lawful money of the United States in immediately available funds. 
 
 Capitalized terms used herein which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Term Loans evidenced by this Note are prepayable in the amounts, and on the dates, set forth in the Credit Agreement. This Note is one of the Notes under, and as such term is defined in, the Credit Agreement, and is subject to, and should be construed in accordance with, the provisions thereof, and is entitled to the benefits set forth in the Loan Documents. 
 
 The Lender is hereby authorized to record on the schedule annexed hereto and any continuation sheets which the Lender may attach thereto (a) the date and amount of each Term Loan made by such Lender, (b) the character of each Term Loan as one or more ABR Borrowings, one or more Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowings, one or more RFR Borrowings, or a combination thereof, (c) the Interest Period and Adjusted LIBO Rate applicable to each Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, and (d) the date and amount of each conversion of, and each payment or prepayment of principal of, each Term Loan. No failure to so record nor any error in so recording shall affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Term Loans, together with interest thereon, as provided in the Credit Agreement, and the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans as set forth in such schedule shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein. 
 
 Except as specifically otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement, the Borrower hereby waives presentment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest and all other demands, protests and notices in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, collection and enforcement of this Note. 
 
 THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

NVENT FINANCE S. R.L. 

By Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT G-1 
 
 FORM OF BORROWING REQUEST 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 for the Lenders referred to below 
 
 10 South Dearborn 
 Chicago, Illinois 60603 
 
 Attention 
 Facsimile __________________ 19 
 
 With a copy to 

Attention 
 Facsimile 
 
 Re nVent Finance S. r.l. 
 
 Date 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among nVent Finance S. r.l., a Luxembourg private limited liability company Soci t responsabilit limit e ), having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register R.C.S. Luxembourg under number B 219846 (the Company ), nVent Electric plc (the Parent ), Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc. (the Initial Affiliate Borrower ), the other Affiliate Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the institutions from time to time parties thereto as Lenders (the Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent for itself and the other Lenders (the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. The undersigned Borrower Company, on behalf of Affiliate Borrower , hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement that it requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the undersigned Borrower Company, on behalf of Affiliate Borrower , specifies the following information with respect to such Borrowing requested hereby 
 
 1. Name of Borrower 
 
 2. The requested Borrowing is a Revolving Term Loan Borrowing 
 
 3. Aggregate principal amount of Borrowing 20 

4. Date of Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day) 

19 If request is in respect of Revolving Loans in a Foreign Currency or a Designated Loan , please replace this address with the London address from Section 9.01(a)(ii). 
 20 Not less than applicable amounts specified in Section 2.02(c). 
 
 5. Type of Borrowing (ABR or Eurocurrency , Term Benchmark or RFR) 
 
 6. Interest Period and the last day thereof (if a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing) 21 

7. Agreed Currency 
 
 8. Location and number of the Borrower s account or any other account agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to which proceeds of Borrowing are to be disbursed 

Signature Page Follows 
 
 The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the conditions to lending specified in Section s 4.01 and 22 4.02 of the Credit Agreement are satisfied as of the date hereof. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 NVENT FINANCE S. R.L., 
 as the Company 
 
 AFFILIATE BORROWER, 
 as a Borrower 
 
 By 
 
 Name 
 Title 

21 Which must comply with the definition of Interest Period and end not later than the applicable Maturity Date. 
 22 To be included only for Borrowings on the Effective Date. 

EXHIBIT G-2 
 
 FORM OF INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 for the Lenders referred to below 
 
 10 South Dearborn 
 Chicago, Illinois 60603 
 
 Attention 
 Facsimile - ____ 23 
 
 Re nVent Finance S. r.l. 
 
 Date 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among nVent Finance S. r.l., a Luxembourg private limited liability company Soci t responsabilit limit e ), having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register R.C.S. Luxembourg under number B 219846 (the Company ), nVent Electric plc (the Parent ), Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc. (the Initial Affiliate Borrower ), the other Affiliate Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the institutions from time to time parties thereto as Lenders (the Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent for itself and the other Lenders (the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. The undersigned Borrower Company, on behalf of Affiliate Borrower , hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 2.08 of the Credit Agreement that it requests to convert an existing Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the undersigned Borrower Company, on behalf of Affiliate Borrower , specifies the following information with respect to such conversion requested hereby 
 
 1. List Borrower, date, Type, Class, principal amount, Agreed Currency and Interest Period (if applicable) of existing Borrowing 
 
 2. Aggregate principal amount of resulting Borrowing 
 
 3. Effective date of interest election (which shall be a Business Day) 
 
 4. Type of Borrowing (ABR , Term Benchmark or Eurocurrency RFR 
 
 5. Interest Period and the last day thereof (if a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing) 24 

6. Agreed Currency 

23 If request is in respect of Revolving Loans in a Foreign Currency or a Designated Loan , please replace this address with the London address from Section 9.01(a)(ii). 
 24 Which must comply with the definition of Interest Period and end not later than the applicable Maturity Date. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-4.7>
 3
 ex47descriptionofsecuritie.htm
 EX-4.7

Document 
 Exhibit 4.7 

 DESCRIPTION OF SHARE CAPITAL 
 
 The following description of the share capital of nVent Electric plc nVent, the Company, we, our or us) summarizes the material terms and provisions that apply to our share capital. The summary is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Constitution ), which are filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This description is not complete and is subject to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended) (the Irish Companies Act and the Constitution. 
 
 Capital Structure 
 
 nVent s authorized share capital consists of 25,000 and 4,200,000, divided into 25,000 euro deferred shares with a nominal value of 1.00 per share, 400,000,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of 0.01 per share and 20,000,000 preferred shares with a nominal value of 0.01 per share. The authorized share capital includes 25,000 euro deferred shares with a nominal value of 1.00 per share in order to satisfy minimum statutory requirements for Irish public limited companies. These euro deferred shares carry no voting or dividend rights. 
 
 nVent may issue shares subject to the maximum authorized share capital contained in the Constitution. The authorized share capital may be increased by a resolution approved by a two-thirds majority of the votes of nVent shareholders cast at a general meeting (referred to as a variation resolution or reduced by a resolution approved by a simple majority of the votes of nVent shareholders cast at a general meeting (referred to under Irish law as an ordinary resolution ). The shares comprising the authorized share capital of nVent may be divided into shares of such nominal value as the resolution shall prescribe. 
 
 As a matter of Irish law, the directors of a company (or a duly authorized committee thereof) may cause the company to issue new ordinary or preferred shares without shareholder approval once authorized to do so by the constitution of the company or by an ordinary resolution adopted by the shareholders at a general meeting. An ordinary resolution requires over 50 percent of the votes of a company s shareholders cast at a general meeting (in person or by proxy). In accordance with current customary practice in Ireland, nVent sought, and received shareholder approval at nVent s 2022 annual general meeting of shareholders to authorize the board of directors to issue up to a maximum of 33 of nVent s ordinary share capital as of March 18, 2022 (an aggregate nominal amount of 548,920.45 or 54,892,045 ordinary shares), for a period of 18 months from approval, or November 13, 2023. 
 
 The rights and restrictions to which the ordinary shares are subject are prescribed in the Constitution. The Constitution entitles our board of directors, without shareholder approval, to determine the terms of preferred shares issued by nVent. Preferred shares may, among other things, be preferred as to dividends, rights on a winding up or voting in such manner as the directors of nVent may resolve. The preferred shares may also be redeemable at the option of the holder of the preferred shares or at the option of nVent, and may be convertible into or exchangeable for shares of any other class or classes of nVent, depending on the terms of such preferred shares. The issuance of preferred shares is subject to applicable law, including as appropriate the Irish Takeover Rules (as defined herein). 
 
 Preemption Rights 
 
 Under Irish law, certain statutory preemption rights apply automatically in favor of shareholders where shares are to be issued for cash. However, nVent has opted out of these preemption rights in the Constitution as permitted under Irish company law. Because Irish law requires this opt-out to be renewed every five years by a resolution approved by not less than 75 percent of the votes of the nVent shareholders cast at a general meeting (referred to under the Irish Companies Act as a special resolution ), the Constitution provides that this opt-out must be so renewed. If the opt-out is not renewed, shares issued for cash must be offered to existing nVent shareholders on a pro rata basis to their existing shareholding before the shares can be issued to any new shareholders. The statutory preemption rights do not apply where shares are issued for non-cash consideration (such as in a stock-for-stock acquisition) and do not apply to the issue of non-equity shares (that is, shares that have the right to participate only up to a specified amount in any income or capital distribution) or where shares are issued pursuant to an employee option or similar equity plan. In accordance with current customary practice in Ireland, nVent sought, and received, shareholder approval at nVent s 2022 annual general meeting of shareholders to authorize nVent to opt out of preemption rights with respect to the allotment of equity securities up to a maximum of 10 of nVent s issued ordinary share capital as of March 18, 2022 (an aggregate nominal amount of 166,339.53 or 16,633,953 ordinary shares), provided that any amount above 5 of nVent s issued ordinary share capital as of March 18, 2022 (an aggregate nominal amount of 83,169.77 or 8,316,977 ordinary shares) is to be used only for the purpose of an acquisition or a specific capital investment. This approval will expire 18 months from the date of the approval, or November 13, 2023. 

Exhibit 4.7 

 Dividends 
 
 Under Irish law, dividends and distributions may only be made from distributable reserves. Distributable reserves generally means accumulated realized profits less accumulated realized losses and includes reserves created by way of capital reduction. In addition, no distribution or dividend may be made unless the net assets of nVent are equal to, or in excess of, the aggregate of nVent s called-up share capital plus undistributable reserves and the distribution does not reduce nVent s net assets below such aggregate. Undistributable reserves include the share premium account, the capital redemption reserve fund and the amount by which nVent s accumulated unrealized profits, so far as not previously utilized by any capitalization, exceed nVent s accumulated unrealized losses, so far as not previously written off in a reduction or reorganization of capital. 
 
 The determination as to whether or not nVent has sufficient distributable reserves to fund a dividend must be made by reference to the relevant financial statements of nVent. The relevant financial statements will be either the last set of unconsolidated annual audited financial statements or other financial statements properly prepared in accordance with the Irish Companies Act, that is initial financial statements or interim financial statements, which give a true and fair view of nVent s unconsolidated financial position and accord with accepted accounting practice. The relevant financial statements must be filed in the Companies Registration Office (the official public registry for companies in Ireland). 
 
 The Constitution authorizes the directors to declare dividends to the extent they appear justified by profits without shareholder approval. Our board of directors may also recommend a dividend to be approved and declared by the nVent shareholders at a general meeting. Our board of directors may direct that the payment be made by distribution of assets, shares or cash and no dividend issued may exceed the amount recommended by the directors. Dividends may be declared and paid in the form of cash or non-cash assets and may be paid in U.S. dollars or any other currency. All holders of nVent ordinary shares will participate pro rata in respect of any dividend which may be declared in respect of nVent ordinary shares. 
 
 The directors of nVent may deduct from any dividend payable to any shareholder any amounts payable by such shareholder to nVent in relation to the nVent ordinary shares. 
 
 The directors of nVent are also entitled to issue shares with preferred rights to participate in dividends declared by nVent. The holders of such preferred shares may, depending on their terms, be entitled to claim arrears of a declared dividend out of subsequently declared dividends in priority to shareholders. 
 
 Share Repurchases, Redemptions and Conversions 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Constitution provides that any ordinary shares which nVent has agreed to acquire shall be deemed to be a redeemable share, unless our board of directors resolves otherwise. Accordingly, for Irish company law purposes, the repurchase of ordinary shares by nVent will technically be effected as a redemption of those shares as described below under Repurchases and Redemptions by nVent. If the Constitution does not contain such provision, all repurchases by nVent would be subject to many of the same rules that apply to purchases of nVent ordinary shares by subsidiaries described below under Purchases by Subsidiaries of nVent including the shareholder approval requirements described below and the requirement that any on-market purchases be effected on a recognized stock exchange. Neither Irish law nor any constituent document of nVent places limitations on the right of non-Irish residents or non-Irish owners to vote or hold nVent ordinary shares. Except where otherwise noted, references elsewhere in this document to repurchasing or buying back nVent ordinary shares refer to the redemption of ordinary shares by nVent or the purchase of nVent ordinary shares by a subsidiary of nVent, in each case in accordance with the Constitution and Irish company law as described below. 
 
 Repurchases and Redemptions by nVent 
 
 Under Irish law, a company may issue redeemable shares and redeem them out of distributable reserves or the proceeds of a new issue of shares for that purpose. nVent may only issue redeemable shares if the nominal value of the issued share capital that is not redeemable is not less than 10 percent of the nominal value of the total issued share capital of nVent. All redeemable shares must also be fully paid and the terms of redemption of the shares must provide for payment on redemption. Redeemable shares may, upon redemption, be canceled or held in treasury. Based on the provision of the Constitution described above, shareholder approval will not be required to redeem nVent ordinary shares. 

Exhibit 4.7 

 nVent may also be given an additional general authority by its shareholders to purchase its own shares on-market which would take effect on the same terms and be subject to the same conditions as applicable to purchases by nVent s subsidiaries as described below. 
 
 Our board of directors is also entitled to issue preferred shares, which may be redeemed at the option of either nVent or the shareholder, depending on the terms of such preferred shares. For additional information on redeemable shares, see Capital Structure. 
 
 Repurchased and redeemed shares may be canceled or held as treasury shares. The nominal value of treasury shares held by nVent at any time must not exceed 10 percent of the nominal value of the issued share capital of nVent. nVent may not exercise any voting rights in respect of any shares held as treasury shares. Treasury shares may be canceled by nVent or re-issued subject to certain conditions. 
 
 Purchases by Subsidiaries of nVent 
 
 Under Irish law, an Irish or non-Irish subsidiary may purchase nVent ordinary shares either as overseas market purchases or off-market purchases. For a subsidiary of nVent to make overseas market purchases of nVent ordinary shares, the nVent shareholders must provide general authorization for such purchase by way of ordinary resolution. However, as long as this general authority has been granted, no specific shareholder authority for a particular overseas market purchase by a subsidiary of nVent ordinary shares is required. For an off-market purchase by a subsidiary of nVent, the proposed purchase contract must be authorized by special resolution of the shareholders before the contract is entered into. The person whose nVent ordinary shares are to be bought back cannot vote in favor of the special resolution and, for at least 21 days prior to the special resolution being passed, the purchase contract must be on display or must be available for inspection by shareholders at the registered office of nVent. 
 
 In order for a subsidiary of nVent to make an overseas market purchase of nVent ordinary shares, such shares must be purchased on a recognized stock exchange. The New York Stock Exchange, on which the nVent ordinary shares are listed, is specified as a recognized stock exchange for this purpose by Irish company law. 
 
 The number of nVent ordinary shares acquired and held by the subsidiaries of nVent at any time will count as treasury shares and will be included in any calculation of the permitted treasury share threshold of 10 percent of the nominal value of the issued share capital of nVent. While a subsidiary holds nVent ordinary shares, it cannot exercise any voting rights in respect of those shares. The acquisition of nVent ordinary shares by a subsidiary must be funded out of distributable reserves of the subsidiary. 
 
 Lien on Shares, Calls on Shares and Forfeiture of Shares 
 
 The Constitution provides that nVent will have a first and paramount lien on every share that is not a fully paid up share for all moneys payable, whether presently due or not in respect of such nVent ordinary shares. Subject to the terms of their allotment, directors may call for any unpaid amounts in respect of any nVent ordinary shares to be paid, and if payment is not made, the shares may be forfeited. These provisions are standard inclusions in the constitution of an Irish company limited by shares such as nVent and are only be applicable to nVent ordinary shares that have not been fully paid up. 
 
 Consolidation and Division Subdivision 
 
 The Constitution provides that nVent may, by ordinary resolution, consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into shares of larger nominal value than its existing shares or subdivide its shares into smaller amounts than is fixed by the Constitution. 
 
 Reduction of Share Capital 
 
 nVent may, by ordinary resolution, reduce its authorized share capital in any way. nVent also may, by special resolution and subject to confirmation by the Irish High Court, reduce or cancel its issued share capital (which includes share premium) in any manner permitted by the Irish Companies Act. 
 
 Extraordinary General Meetings of Shareholders 
 
 Extraordinary general meetings of nVent may be convened (i) by our board of directors, (ii) on requisition of the shareholders holding not less than 10 percent of the paid-up share capital of nVent carrying voting rights or (iii) on requisition of nVent s auditors. Extraordinary general meetings are generally held for the purposes of approving shareholder resolutions as may be required from time to time. At any extraordinary general meeting only such business shall be conducted as is set forth in the notice thereof. 

Exhibit 4.7 

Voting 
 
 Each ordinary share is entitled to one vote on each matter properly brought before the shareholders. At any meeting of nVent, all resolutions will be decided on a poll. Treasury shares of nVent ordinary shares that are held by subsidiaries of nVent will not be entitled to be voted at general meetings of shareholders. 
 
 Irish company law requires special resolutions of the shareholders at a general meeting to approve certain matters. Examples of matters requiring special resolutions include 
 
 amending the objects or memorandum of association of nVent 
 
 amending the Constitution 
 
 approving a change of name of nVent 
 
 authorizing the entering into of a guarantee or provision of security in connection with a loan, quasi-loan or credit transaction to a director or connected person 
 
 opting out of preemption rights on the issuance of new shares for cash 
 
 re-registration of nVent from a public limited company to a private company 
 
 variation of class rights attaching to classes of shares (where the Constitution does not provide otherwise) 
 
 purchase of nVent shares off-market 
 
 reduction of issued share capital 
 
 sanctioning a compromise scheme of arrangement 
 
 resolving that nVent be wound up by the Irish courts 
 
 resolving in favor of a shareholders voluntary winding-up 
 
 re-designation of shares into different share classes 
 
 setting the re-issue price of treasury shares and 
 
 a merger pursuant to the EU Cross-Border Merger Directives 2005 56 EC. 
 
 Variation of Rights Attaching to a Class or Series of Shares 
 
 Under the Irish Companies Act and as provided in the Constitution, any variation of class rights attaching to any issued class of nVent shares must be approved in writing by holders of three-quarters of the issued shares in that class or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a separate general meeting of the holders of the shares of that class, provided that, if the relevant class of holders has only one holder, that person present in person or by proxy shall constitute the necessary quorum. The Constitution expressly provides that any issue of preferred shares (whatever the rights attaching to them) will be deemed not to be a variation of the rights of shareholders. 
 
 Inspection of Books and Records 
 
 Under Irish law, shareholders have the right to (i) receive a copy of nVent s Constitution and any act of the Irish government which alters the Constitution (ii) inspect and obtain copies of the minutes of general meetings and resolutions of nVent (iii) inspect and receive a copy of the register of shareholders, register of directors and secretaries, register of directors interests and other statutory registers maintained by nVent (iv) receive copies of statutory financial statements (or summary financial statements, where applicable) and directors and auditors reports which have previously been sent to shareholders prior to an annual general meeting 

Exhibit 4.7 

 and (v) receive financial statements of a subsidiary company of nVent which have previously been produced to an annual general meeting of such subsidiary in the preceding ten years. The auditors of nVent will also have the right to inspect all books, records and vouchers of nVent. The auditors report must be circulated to the shareholders with audited consolidated annual financial statements of nVent prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting practice in Ireland 21 days before the annual general meeting and must be read to the shareholders at nVent s annual general meeting. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 An Irish public limited company may be acquired in a number of ways, including 
 
 a court-approved scheme of arrangement under the Irish Companies Act. A scheme of arrangement with shareholders requires a court order from the Irish High Court and the approval of a majority in number representing 75 percent in value of the shareholders present and voting in person or by proxy at a meeting called to approve the scheme 
 
 through a tender or takeover offer by a third party for all of the nVent ordinary shares. Where the holders of 80 percent or more of nVent ordinary shares have accepted an offer for their shares in nVent, the remaining shareholders may also be statutorily required to transfer their shares. If the bidder does not exercise its squeeze out right, then the non-accepting shareholders also have a statutory right to require the bidder to acquire their shares on the same terms. If nVent ordinary shares were to be listed on the Irish Stock Exchange or another regulated stock exchange in the European Union, this threshold would be increased to 90 percent 
 
 by way of a transaction with an EU-incorporated company under the Directive (EU) 2017 1132. Such a transaction must be approved by a special resolution. If nVent is being merged with another EU company under Directive (EU) 2017 1132 and the consideration payable to nVent shareholders is not all in the form of cash, nVent shareholders may be entitled to require their shares to be acquired at fair value and 
 
 by way of merger with another Irish company under the Irish Companies Act, which must be approved by a special resolution and by the Irish High Court. 
 
 Appraisal Rights 
 
 Generally, under Irish law, shareholders of an Irish company do not have appraisal rights. However, it does provide for dissenters rights in certain situations, as described below. 
 
 Under a tender or takeover offer, the bidder may require any remaining shareholders to transfer their shares on the terms of the offer (i.e., a squeeze out if it has acquired, pursuant to the offer, not less than 80 percent of the target shares to which the offer relates (in the case of a company that is not listed on an EEA regulated market). Dissenting shareholders have the right to apply to the Irish High Court for relief. 
 
 A scheme of arrangement which has been approved by the requisite shareholder majority and approved by the Irish High Court will be binding on all shareholders. Dissenting shareholders have the right to appear at the Irish High Court hearing and make representations in objection to the scheme. 
 
 Under the EC (Cross-Border Mergers) Regulations 2008 (as amended) governing the merger of an Irish public limited company and a company incorporated in the European Economic Area (the EEA includes all member states of the EU, Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein), a shareholder (a) who voted against the special resolution approving the merger or (b) of a company in which 90 percent of the shares is held by the other company party to the merger of the transferor company, has the right to request that the company acquire its shares for cash. 
 
 Similar rights apply in the case of a merger of an Irish public limited company into another company to which the provisions of the Irish Companies Act apply. 
 
 Disclosure of Interests in Shares 
 
 Under the Irish Companies Act, nVent shareholders must notify nVent (but not the public at large) if, as a result of a transaction, the shareholder will become interested in 3 percent or more of any class of nVent shares carrying voting rights or if as a result of a transaction a shareholder who was interested in more than 3 percent of any class of nVent shares carrying voting rights ceases to be so interested. Where a shareholder is interested in more than 3 percent of any class of nVent shares carrying voting rights, 

Exhibit 4.7 

 the shareholder must notify nVent (but not the public at large) of any alteration of his or her interest that brings his or her total holding through the nearest whole percentage number, whether an increase or a reduction. The relevant percentage figure is calculated by reference to the aggregate nominal value of the shares in which the shareholder is interested as a proportion of the entire nominal value of the issued share capital of nVent (or any such class of share capital in issue). Where the percentage level of the shareholder s interest does not amount to a whole percentage this figure may be rounded down to the next whole number. nVent must be notified within five business days of the transaction or alteration of the shareholder s interests that gave rise to the notification requirement. If a shareholder fails to comply with these notification requirements, the shareholder s rights in respect of any nVent ordinary shares it holds will not be enforceable, either directly or indirectly, by action or legal proceeding. However, such person may apply to the court to have the rights attaching to such shares reinstated. 
 
 In addition to these disclosure requirements, nVent, under the Irish Companies Act, may, by notice in writing, require a person whom nVent knows or has reasonable cause to believe to be, or at any time during the three years immediately preceding the date on which such notice is issued to have been, interested in shares comprised in nVent s relevant share capital to (i) indicate whether or not it is the case and (ii) where such person holds or has during that time held an interest in any class of nVent shares carrying voting rights, to provide additional information as may be required by nVent, including particulars of the person s own past or present interests in such class of nVent shares. If the recipient of the notice fails to respond within the reasonable time period specified in the notice, nVent may apply to court for an order directing that the affected shares be subject to certain restrictions, as prescribed by the Irish Companies Act, as follows 
 
 any transfer of those shares, or in the case of unissued shares any transfer of the right to be issued with shares and any issue of shares, shall be void 
 
 no voting rights shall be exercisable in respect of those shares 
 
 no further shares shall be issued in right of those shares or in pursuance of any offer made to the holder of those shares and 
 
 no payment shall be made of any sums due from nVent on those shares, whether in respect of capital or otherwise. 
 
 The court may also order that shares subject to any of these restrictions be sold with the restrictions terminating upon the completion of the sale. 
 
 In the event nVent is in an offer period pursuant to the Irish Takeover Panel Act 1997 (as amended) and the Takeover Rules 2013 made thereunder (the Irish Takeover Rules ), accelerated disclosure provisions apply for persons holding an interest in nVent securities of 1 percent or more. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 
 Irish Takeover Rules and Substantial Acquisition Rules 
 
 A transaction in which a third party seeks to acquire 30 percent or more of the voting rights of nVent is governed by the Irish Takeover Panel Act 1997 (as amended) (the Takeover Panel Act and the Irish Takeover Rules made thereunder and is regulated by the Irish Takeover Panel (the Panel ). The General Principles of the Irish Takeover Rules and certain important aspects of the Irish Takeover Rules are described below. 
 
 General Principles 
 
 The Irish Takeover Rules are built on the following General Principles which will apply to any transaction regulated by the Panel 
 
 in the event of an offer, all holders of security of the target company should be afforded equivalent treatment and, if a person acquires control of a company, the other holders of securities must be protected 
 
 the holders of the securities in the target company must have sufficient time and information to enable them to reach a properly informed decision on the offer where it advises the holders of securities, the board of the target company must give its views on the effects of implementation of the offer on employment, conditions of employment and the locations of the target company s places of business 

Exhibit 4.7 

 the board of the target company must act in the interests of the company as a whole and must not deny the holders of securities the opportunity to decide on the merits of the offer 
 
 false markets must not be created in the securities of the target company, the bidder or of any other company concerned by the offer in such a way that the rise or fall of the prices of the securities becomes artificial and the normal functioning of the markets is distorted 
 
 a bidder must announce an offer only after ensuring that he or she can fulfill in full, any cash consideration, if such is offered, and after taking all reasonable measures to secure the implementation of any other type of consideration 
 
 a target company must not be hindered in the conduct of its affairs for longer than is reasonable by an offer for its securities and 
 
 a substantial acquisition of securities (whether such acquisition is to be effected by one transaction or a series of transactions) shall take place only at an acceptable speed and shall be subject to adequate and timely disclosure. 
 
 Mandatory Bid 
 
 Under certain circumstances, a person who acquires shares or other voting rights in nVent may be required under the Irish Takeover Rules to make a mandatory cash offer for the remaining outstanding shares in nVent at a price not less than the highest price paid for the shares by the acquirer (or any parties acting in concert with the acquirer) during the previous 12 months. This mandatory bid requirement is triggered if an acquisition of shares would increase the aggregate holding of an acquirer (including the holdings of any parties acting in concert with the acquirer) to shares representing 30 percent or more of the voting rights in nVent, unless the Panel otherwise consents. An acquisition of shares by a person holding (together with its concert parties) shares representing between 30 percent and 50 percent of the voting rights in nVent would also trigger the mandatory bid requirement if, after giving effect to the acquisition, the percentage of the voting rights held by that person (together with its concert parties) would increase by 0.05 percent within a 12-month period. Any person (excluding any parties acting in concert with the holder) holding shares representing more than 50 percent of the voting rights of a company is not subject to these mandatory offer requirements in purchasing additional securities. 
 
 Voluntary Bid Requirements to Make a Cash Offer and Minimum Price Requirements 
 
 If a person makes a voluntary offer to acquire outstanding nVent ordinary shares, the offer price must be no less than the highest price paid for nVent ordinary shares by the bidder or its concert parties during the three-month period prior to the commencement of the offer period. The Panel has the power to extend the look back period to 12 months if the Panel, taking into account the General Principles, believes it is appropriate to do so. 
 
 If the bidder or any of its concert parties has acquired nVent ordinary shares (i) during the period of 12 months prior to the commencement of the offer period which represent more than 10 percent of the total nVent ordinary shares or (ii) at any time after the commencement of the offer period, the offer must be in cash (or accompanied by a full cash alternative) and the price per nVent ordinary shares must not be less than the highest price paid by the bidder or its concert parties during, in the case of (i), the 12-month period prior to the commencement of the offer period and, in the case of (ii), the offer period. The Panel may apply this rule to a bidder who, together with its concert parties, has acquired less than 10 percent of the total nVent ordinary shares in the 12-month period prior to the commencement of the offer period if the Panel, taking into account the General Principles, considers it just and proper to do so. 
 
 An offer period will generally commence from the date of the first announcement of the offer or proposed offer. 
 
 Substantial Acquisition Rules 
 
 The Irish Takeover Rules also contain rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares which restrict the speed at which a person may increase his or her holding of shares and rights over shares to an aggregate of between 15 percent and 30 percent of the voting rights of nVent. Except in certain circumstances, an acquisition or series of acquisitions of shares or rights over shares representing 10 percent or more of the voting rights of nVent is prohibited, if such acquisition(s), when aggregated with shares or rights already held, would result in the acquirer holding 15 percent or more but less than 30 percent of the voting rights of nVent and such acquisitions are made within a period of seven days. These rules also require accelerated disclosure of acquisitions of shares or rights over shares relating to such holdings. 
 
 Frustrating Action 

Exhibit 4.7 

Under the Irish Takeover Rules, our board of directors is not permitted to take any action which might frustrate an offer for nVent ordinary shares once our board of directors has received an approach which may lead to an offer or has reason to believe an offer is imminent, subject to certain exceptions. Potentially frustrating actions such as (i) the issue of shares, options or convertible securities, (ii) material acquisitions or disposals, (iii) entering into contracts other than in the ordinary course of business or (iv) any action, other than seeking alternative offers, which may result in frustration of an offer, are prohibited during the course of an offer or at any time during which our board of directors has reason to believe an offer is imminent. Exceptions to this prohibition are available where 
 
 a) the action is approved by nVent shareholders at a general meeting or 
 
 b) the Panel has given its consent where 
 
 i. it is satisfied the action would not constitute frustrating action 
 
 ii. nVent shareholders that hold 50 percent of the voting rights state in writing that they approve the 
 proposed action and would vote in favor of it at a general meeting 
 
 iii. the action is taken in accordance with a contract entered into prior to the announcement of the 
 offer or 
 
 iv. the decision to take such action was made before the announcement of the offer and either has 
 been at least partially implemented or is in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Certain other provisions of Irish law or the Constitution may be considered to have anti-takeover effects, including those described under the following captions in this section Capital Structure, Preemption Rights and Disclosure of Interests in Shares. 
 
 Interested Shareholder Provision 
 
 nVent s Constitution contains a provision that generally mirrors Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, an anti-takeover statute that prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested shareholder for a period of three years following the time the person became an interested shareholder, unless the business combination or the acquisition of shares that resulted in a shareholder becoming an interested shareholder is approved in a prescribed manner. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested shareholder. An interested shareholder under this provision of nVent s Constitution is defined to be a person or entity who, together with its affiliates and associates, owns (or within three years prior to the determination of interested shareholder status did own) fifteen percent (15 percent) or more of nVent s voting shares, which is the same threshold contained in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The existence of this provision would be expected to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the nVent board of directors, including discouraging attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the ordinary shares held by nVent shareholders 
 . 
 Shareholder Rights Plans and Share Issuances 
 
 Irish law does not expressly prohibit companies from issuing share purchase rights or adopting a shareholder rights plan (commonly known as a poison pill as an anti-takeover measure. However, there is no directly relevant case law on the validity of such plans under Irish law. In addition, such a plan would be subject to the Irish Takeover Rules. 
 
 nVent s Constitution allows the board to adopt a shareholder rights plan upon such terms and conditions as our board of directors deems expedient and in the best interests of nVent, subject to applicable law. 
 
 Subject to the Irish Takeover Rules, our board of directors also has the power to cause nVent to issue any of its authorized and unissued shares on such terms and conditions as our board of directors may determine (as described under Capital Structure and any such action must be taken in the best interests of nVent. It is possible, however, that the terms and conditions of any issue of preferred shares could discourage a takeover or other transaction that holders of some or a majority of the ordinary shares believe to be in their best interests or in which holders might receive a premium for their shares over the then market price of the shares. 

Exhibit 4.7 

 Amendment of Governing Documents 
 
 Under Irish law, Irish companies may only alter their constitutions by a resolution of the shareholders approved by 75 percent of the votes cast at a general meeting. An Irish company is not permitted to opt out of this requirement. 
 
 Duration Dissolution Rights upon Liquidation 
 
 nVent s corporate existence is unlimited. nVent may be dissolved and wound up at any time by way of a shareholders voluntary winding up or a creditors winding up. In the case of a shareholders voluntary winding-up, a special resolution of shareholders is required (i.e., 75 percent of the votes cast, in person or by proxy, at a general meeting of shareholders). nVent may also be dissolved by way of court order on the application of a creditor, or by the Companies Registration Office as an enforcement measure where nVent has failed to file certain returns. 
 
 The rights of the shareholders to a return of nVent s assets on dissolution or winding up, following the settlement of all claims of creditors, may be prescribed in the Constitution or the terms of any preferred shares issued by the directors of nVent from time to time. The holders of preferred shares in particular may have the right to priority in a dissolution or winding up of nVent. If the Constitution contains no specific provisions in respect of a dissolution or winding up, then, subject to the priorities of any creditors, the assets will be distributed to shareholders in proportion to the paid-up nominal value of the shares held. The Constitution provides that the nVent shareholders are entitled to participate pro rata in a winding up, but their right to do so may be subject to the rights of any preferred shareholder to participate under the terms of any series or class of preferred shares. 
 
 No Sinking Fund 
 
 The nVent ordinary shares have no sinking fund provisions. 
 
 No Liability for Further Calls or Assessments 
 
 All of our issued ordinary shares are duly and validly issued and fully paid. 
 
 Transfer and Registration of Shares 
 
 The transfer agent for nVent maintains the share register, registration in which will be determinative of membership in nVent. A shareholder of nVent who holds shares beneficially will not be the holder of record of such shares. Instead, the depository or other nominee is the holder of record of those shares. Accordingly, a transfer of shares from a person who holds such shares beneficially to a person who also holds such shares beneficially through a depository or other nominee will not be registered in our official share register, as the depository or other nominee will remain the record holder of any such shares. 
 
 A written instrument of transfer is required under Irish law to register on our official share register any transfer of shares (i) from a person who holds such shares directly to any other person, (ii) from a person who holds such shares beneficially to a person who holds such shares directly or (iii) from a person who holds such shares beneficially to another person who holds such shares beneficially where the transfer involves a change in the depository or other nominee that is the record owner of the transferred shares. An instrument of transfer is also required for a shareholder who directly holds shares to transfer those shares into his or her own broker account (or vice versa). Such instruments of transfer may give rise to Irish stamp duty, which must be paid prior to registration of the transfer on our official Irish share register. However, a shareholder who directly holds shares may transfer those shares into his or her own broker account (or vice versa) without giving rise to Irish stamp duty, provided that the shareholder has confirmed to our transfer agent that there is no change in the ultimate beneficial ownership of the shares as a result of the transfer and the transfer is not made in contemplation of a sale of the shares. 
 
 Any transfer of nVent ordinary shares that is subject to Irish stamp duty will not be registered in the name of the buyer unless an instrument of transfer is duly stamped and provided to the transfer agent. The Constitution allows nVent, in its absolute discretion, to create an instrument of transfer and pay (or procure the payment of) any stamp duty, which is the legal obligation of a buyer. In the event of any such payment, nVent is (on behalf of itself or its affiliates) entitled to (i) seek reimbursement from the buyer or seller (at its discretion), (ii) set-off the amount of the stamp duty against future dividends payable to the buyer or seller (at its discretion) and (iii) claim a lien against the nVent ordinary shares on which it has paid stamp duty. Parties to a share transfer may assume that any stamp duty arising in respect of a transaction in nVent ordinary shares has been paid unless one or both of such parties is otherwise notified by nVent. 

Exhibit 4.7 

 The Constitution delegates to our secretary or assistant secretary (or their nominees) the authority to execute an instrument of transfer on behalf of a transferring party. 
 
 In order to help ensure that the official share register is regularly updated to reflect trading of nVent ordinary shares occurring through normal electronic systems, nVent intends to regularly produce any required instruments of transfer in connection with any transactions for which it pays stamp duty (subject to the reimbursement and set-off rights described above). In the event that nVent notifies one or both of the parties to a share transfer that it believes stamp duty is required to be paid in connection with the transfer and that it will not pay the stamp duty, the parties may either themselves arrange for the execution of the required instrument of transfer (and may request a form of instrument of transfer from nVent for this purpose) or request that nVent execute an instrument of transfer on behalf of the transferring party in a form determined by nVent. In either event, if the parties to the share transfer have the instrument of transfer duly stamped (to the extent required) and then provide it to our transfer agent, the buyer will be registered as the legal owner of the relevant shares on our official Irish share register (subject to the matters described below). 
 
 The directors may suspend registration of transfers from time to time, not exceeding 30 days in aggregate each year. 
 
 The directors may also, in their absolute discretion, and without assigning any reason, refuse to register (i) any transfer of a share which is not fully paid or (ii) any transfer to or by a minor or person of unsound mind but this shall not apply to the transfer of such share resulting from a sale of the share through a stock exchange on which the share is listed. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-10.17>
 4
 ex1017non-employeedirector.htm
 EX-10.17

Document 
 Exhibit 10.17 

nVent Electric plc Non-Employee Director Compensation 
 
 Non-employee director compensation is as follows 
 
 Board Retainer 85,000 Committee Retainers 
 Audit and Finance 12,500 Compensation and Human Capital 7,500 Governance and Social Responsibility 7,500 Chairman, Lead Director and Committee Chair Retainers Non-executive Chair 140,000 Lead Director 30,000 Audit and Finance Committee Chair 20,000 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Chair 15,000 Governance and Social Responsibility Committee Chair 12,000 Equity Compensation 
 140,000 
 
 Equity compensation will increase to 145,000 effective for grants to be made at the 2023 annual general meeting. 
 
 Grants to be made on the date of the Company s annual general meeting 
 
 Grant made in the form of restricted stock units vest on the date of the Company s first annual general meeting of shareholders following the grant date, provided that if such date is less than 50 weeks after the grant date then the restricted stock units will vest on the date that is the first anniversary of the grant date 
 
 Share withholding will be allowed to cover taxes on restricted stock unit vesting. 
 Directors will be restricted from selling nVent ordinary shares until they meet the stock ownership guideline (5 times board retainer). 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.20>
 5
 ex102018so-stockoptionawar.htm
 EX-10.20

Document 
 Exhibit 10.20 

 NVENT ELECTRIC PLC 2018 
 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Pursuant to the notice of grant (the Grant Notice and this Stock Option Award Agreement, including any country-specific terms in the applicable addendum hereto (the Addendum (together, this Award Agreement ), nVent Electric plc (the Company has granted to you an option to purchase (the Option the number of ordinary shares of the Company Shares indicated in the Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in the Grant Notice. If the Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option in the Grant Notice, additional terms are set forth in the Addendum for the United States. Capitalized terms not defined in this Award Agreement but defined in the nVent Electric plc 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as may be amended or restated from time to time (the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan. Unless you decline this Award Agreement within 90 days, you agree to be bound by all of the provisions contained in this Award Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 1. Vesting . Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the Option will vest as provided in the Grant Notice. 
 
 2. Exercise of the Option . 
 
 2.1 Method of Exercise . You may exercise the vested portion of the Option (provided the Fair Market Value of the Shares exercised exceeds the exercise price) at any time prior to the expiration of the Option (as described in Section 4 below) by delivering a notice of exercise in such form as may be designated by the Company from time to time, or making the required electronic election with the Company s designated broker, and paying the exercise price and any Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 7 below) to the Company s stock plan administrator or such other person as the Company may designate, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require pursuant to the terms of the Plan. 
 
 2.2 Method of Payment . Payment of the exercise price may be made by one of the methods available under the Company s exercise procedures, which may include 
 
 (a) Payment by cash or check. 
 
 (b) Payment by transfer to the Company of whole Shares you already own having a Fair Market Value determined at the time of exercise of the Option equal to, but not exceeding, the exercise price and any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 (c) A same day sale transaction pursuant to which a third party (engaged by you or the Company) loans funds to you to enable you to purchase Shares and pay any Tax-Related Items, and then sells a sufficient number of the exercised Shares on your behalf to enable you to repay the loan and any fees. The remaining Shares and or cash are then delivered by the third party to you. 

1 

(d) A net exercise transaction, pursuant to which the Company delivers to you the net number of whole Shares remaining from the portion of the Option being exercised after deduction of a number of Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to the exercise price and any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Company may suspend, or eliminate, various forms of permissible payment of the exercise price from time to time in its sole discretion. Further, notwithstanding any provision within this Award Agreement to the contrary, if you are resident or provide services outside of the United States, the Administrator may require that you (or in the event of your death, your legal representative, as the case may be) exercise the Option in a method other than as specified above, may require you to exercise the Option only by means of a same day sale transaction (either a sell-all transaction or a sell-to-cover transaction) as it determines in its sole discretion, or may require you to sell any Shares you acquire under the Plan immediately or within a specified period following your termination of service from the Company or any of its Affiliates (in which case, you hereby agree that the Company shall have the authority to issue sale instructions in relation to such Shares on your behalf). 
 
 2.3 Responsibility for Exercise . You are responsible for taking any and all actions as may be required to exercise the Option in a timely manner and for properly executing any such documents as may be required for exercise in accordance with such rules and procedures as may be established from time to time. By accepting the Option you acknowledge that information regarding the procedures and requirements for the exercise of the Option is available to you on request. Neither the Company nor any Affiliate shall have any duty or obligation to notify you of the expiration date of the Option. 
 
 3. No Fractional Shares . Only whole Shares will be issuable pursuant to the Option any fractional Share otherwise issuable under the Option will be rounded up to the nearest whole Share. 
 
 4. Effect of Termination of Service . Unless otherwise provided in the Grant Notice or the Plan, in the event of termination of your service with the Company or any of its Affiliates for any reason (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the unvested portion of your Option will be cancelled and forfeited. Exceptions are made for termination of service due to death, Retirement, Disability or a Covered Termination, in accordance with the terms of the Plan. Subject to earlier termination of the Option as otherwise provided herein and unless otherwise provided in the Grant Notice or the Plan, the Option shall be exercisable after your termination of service (for any reason except for Cause) with the Company or any of its Affiliate, to the extent vested, for up to 90 days after your termination date or, if earlier, the expiration of the Option. Exceptions are made for termination of service due to reasons of death, Retirement, Disability or a Covered Termination in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 
 If your service with the Company or any of its Affiliates terminates for Cause, the Option (whether or not then vested) shall terminate in its entirety no later than your last day of service. In addition, if after your service terminates, the Company determines that it or an Affiliate could have terminated your service for Cause had all relevant facts been known at the time of your termination, then the Company may terminate the Option (whether vested or unvested) 
 
 2 

immediately upon such determination, and you will be prohibited from exercising the Option thereafter. In such event, you will be notified of the termination of the Option. 
 
 Further, for purposes of the Option, your service will be considered terminated as of the date you cease active service with the Company or any of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you provide services or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement or determined by the Company in its sole discretion, (a) your right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period e.g ., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you provide services or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and (b) the period (if any) during which you may exercise the Option after such termination of service will commence on the date you cease active service and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you provide services or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you have ceased active service for purposes of your Option grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 
 5. Term of the Option . The term of the Option commences on the Date of Grant (as specified in the Grant Notice) and expires upon the earliest of 
 
 (a) the Expiration Date indicated in the Grant Notice or 
 
 (b) the last day for exercising the Option following your termination of service as described in Section 4 above (the Option Expiration Date ). 
 
 As an administrative matter, the vested portion of the Option may be exercised only until the close of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE on the applicable date indicated in this Section 5 or, if such date is not a trading day on the NYSE, the last trading day before such date. The Option shall no longer be exercisable after the Option Expiration Date and any later attempt to exercise the Option will not be honored. 
 
 6. Change of Control . 
 
 6.1 Assumption or Replacement . Upon a Change of Control, to the extent the purchaser, successor or surviving entity (or parent thereof) (the Survivor so agrees, then, without your consent (or the consent of any other person with rights in this Award Agreement), this Option shall be continued, or assumed or replaced with the same type of award with similar terms and conditions, by the Survivor (such continued, assumed or replacement award, the Replacement Award ), except that 
 
 (a) Each Replacement Award shall be appropriately adjusted, immediately after such Change of Control, to apply to the number and class of securities which would have been issuable to you upon the consummation of such Change of Control had this Option been fully exercisable and exercised immediately prior to such Change of Control, 
 
 3 

and such other appropriate adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Option to preserve its value shall be made. 
 
 (b) If the securities to which any Replacement Award relates are not listed and traded on a national securities exchange, then (1) you shall be provided the election, upon exercise or settlement of the Replacement Award, to receive, in lieu of the issuance of such securities, cash in an amount equal to the fair value of the securities that would have otherwise been issued and (2) for purposes of determining such fair value, no reduction shall be taken to reflect a discount for lack of marketability, minority interest or any similar consideration. 
 
 (c) Each Replacement Award shall provide that, if you experience a Change of Control Termination (as defined below), then such Replacement Award shall vest in full or be deemed earned in full (assuming any applicable performance goals were met at target) effective on the date of such termination. In the event of any other termination of employment or service within two years after a Change of Control that is not a Change of Control Termination, the terms of Section 4 of this Award Agreement shall apply to the Replacement Award. A Change of Control Termination means a termination of your employment or service within two years following the Change of Control as a result of any of the following (A) the Survivor terminates your employment or service without Cause, (B) your employment or service terminates by reason of your death or disability, or (C) you terminate your employment or service for good reason but only if, as of immediately prior to the Change of Control, you have in effect an employment, retention, change of control, or award agreement that contemplates termination of your employment or service by you for good reason. 
 
 6.2 No Assumption or Replacement . To the extent the Survivor does not assume this Option or issue replacement awards as provided in Section 6.1 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by reason of your termination of employment or service in connection with the Change of Control), then 
 
 (a) To the extent you have an employment, retention, change of control, severance or similar agreement with the Company or any Affiliate then in effect that provides for more favorable treatment to you than the provisions of this Section 6.2, such agreement shall control. 
 
 (b) In all other cases, unless provided otherwise by the Administrator prior to the Change of Control, in the event of a Change of Control, if you are employed by or in the service of the Company or an Affiliate at such time, then this Option shall become immediately and fully vested, and, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, shall be cancelled on the date of the Change of Control in exchange for a cash payment equal to the excess of the Change of Control price of the Shares subject to this Option over the exercise price of such Shares. The Administrator shall determine the per share Change of Control price paid or deemed paid in the Change of Control transaction in its discretion. 
 
 7. Tax Withholding . You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Affiliate that employs you (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for 
 
 4 

all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you or deemed by the Company or the Employer in their discretion to be an appropriate charge to you even if legally applicable to the Company or the Employer Tax-Related Items ), is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer, if any. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (i) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and or the Employer (ii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon exercise of the Option either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) (iii) withholding from the Shares to be delivered upon exercise of the Option that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required by law to be withheld or (iv) permitting you to tender back to the Company a number of Shares delivered upon exercise of the Option or Shares previously owned by you having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required by law to be withheld. For purposes of the foregoing, no fractional Share will be withheld or issued pursuant to the grant of the Option and the issuance of Shares hereunder. 
 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates (as determined by the Company in good faith and in its sole discretion) or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund from the relevant taxing authority of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the share equivalent. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding from the Shares to be delivered upon exercise of the Option, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the exercised Option, notwithstanding that a number of Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 You agree to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver Shares or proceeds from the sale of Shares until 
 
 5 

arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator have been made in connection with the Tax-Related Items. You will have no further rights with respect to any Shares that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision. 
 
 8. Recoupment . The Option and any Shares issued under the Option are subject to recoupment in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy or practice otherwise required by applicable law. The Company shall have the right to offset against any other amounts due from the Company to you the amount owed by you hereunder. 
 
 9. Confidentiality, Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement . As a condition to the receipt of the Option, you expressly agree to the terms and conditions in the Confidentiality, Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A. Except as otherwise provided in Exhibit A, any violation of the terms and conditions of Exhibit A will result in a rescission of the Option made under this Award Agreement and a forfeiture of rights you have with respect thereto, in addition to any remedies available to the Company under Section 5 of Exhibit A. 
 
 10. Securities Law Compliance . The grant of the Option and the issuance of Shares are subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or securities exchange as may be required. Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement or the Plan, the Company has no liability to deliver any Shares under the Plan or make any payment unless such delivery or payment would comply with all laws and the applicable requirements of any governmental agency, securities exchange or similar entity, and unless and until you have taken all actions required by the Company in connection with the Option. The Company may impose such restrictions on any Shares issued under the Plan as the Company determines necessary or desirable to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations or requirements. 
 
 11. Transferability . The Option shall not be transferable in any manner (including without limitation, sale, alienation, anticipation, pledge, encumbrance, or assignment) other than transfer by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, unless otherwise determined by the Committee in accordance with the terms of the Plan. All rights with respect to your Option shall be exercisable during your lifetime only by you or your guardian or legal representative or permitted transferee. 
 
 12. Shareholder Rights . You shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until Shares are issued upon exercise of the Option. 
 
 13. Insider Trading and or Market Abuse . By participating in the Plan, you agree to comply with the Company s policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to you). You further acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the Shares are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., Options) or rights linked to the value of Shares, 
 
 6 

during such times you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you place before you possessed inside information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. You understand that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that you should therefore consult your personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 14. Code Section 409A . For U.S. taxpayers, it is the intent that the Option as set forth in this Award Agreement shall qualify for exemption from or comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so qualify or comply. The Company reserves the right, to the extent the Company deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify this Award Agreement as may be necessary to ensure that all payments provided for under this Award Agreement are made in a manner that qualifies for exemption from or complies with Section 409A of the Code provided, however, that the Company makes no representation that the Option provided under this Award Agreement will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to the Option. The Company will have no liability to you or any other party if the Option, the delivery of Shares upon exercise of the Option or other payment hereunder that is intended to be exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A of the Code, is not so exempt or compliant or for any action taken by the Company with respect thereto. 
 
 15. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. You also agree that all online acknowledgements shall have the same force and effect as a written signature. 
 
 16. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Option, you acknowledge and agree that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time (subject to any limitations set forth in the Plan) 
 
 (b) the grant of the Option is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Options, or benefits in lieu of Options, even if Options or other awards have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 
 (d) your participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 
 7 

(e) the Option and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company or any of its Affiliates and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, any of its Affiliates or the Employer, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (as otherwise may be permitted under local law) 
 
 (f) the Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan and the income and value of the same are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (g) the Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate 
 
 (h) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (i) if the underlying Shares do not increase in value, the Option will have no value 
 
 (j) if you exercise the Option and acquire Shares, the value of such Shares may increase or decrease in value, even below the exercise price 
 
 (k) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from termination of your service (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws or later found invalid), and in consideration of the grant of the Option to which you are otherwise not entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Company, any of its Affiliates, or the Employer, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company, its Affiliates and the Employer from any such claim 
 
 (l) the Option and the benefits evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Company in its discretion, to have the Option or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares and 
 
 (m) if you are employed or providing services outside the United States, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement of the Option. 
 
 17. Data Privacy . You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Award 
 
 8 

Agreement, the Grant Notice and any other Option grant materials by and among, as necessary and applicable, the Company or any of its Affiliates, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. If there is a conflict between this Section 16 and the Company s existing policies and or data protection charters, the terms of this Section 16 will prevail with respect to issues related to the Option and the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and or the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, and any Shares or directorships held in the Company, and details of the Option or any other entitlement to Shares canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 
 You understand that Data will be transferred to Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC and its affiliates or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. If you are employed outside the United States, you understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the Company, Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC and any other possible recipients that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. If you are employed outside the United States, you understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your service status and career will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Options or other equity awards to you or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 
 Finally, upon request of the Company or the Employer, you agree to provide an executed data privacy consent form to the Company and or the Employer (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company and or the Employer) that the Company and or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain from you for the purpose of administering your participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in your country, either now or in the future. You understand and agree that you will not be able to participate in the Plan if you fail to provide any such consent or agreement requested by the Company and or the Employer. 
 
 9 

18. Not a Public Offering . If you are a resident outside of the United States, the grant of the Option is not intended to be a public offering of securities in your country of residence (or country of service, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings with the local securities authorities (unless otherwise required under local law), and the grant of the Option is not subject to the supervision of the local securities authorities. 
 
 19. Language . If you are resident in a country where English is not an official language, you acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Award Agreement and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Option be drawn up in English. If you have received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 20. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 21. Repatriation Compliance with Law . If you are resident or provide services outside the United States, you agree to repatriate all payments attributable to Shares and or cash acquired under the Plan in accordance with applicable foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of service, if different). In addition, you agree to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Affiliates, as may be required to allow the Company and its Affiliates to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations in your country of residence (and country of service, if different). Finally, you agree to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with your personal obligations under local laws, rules and or regulations in your country of residence and country of service, if different). 
 
 22. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, the Option shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in the Addendum to the Award Agreement, set forth in Exhibit B. Moreover, if you transfer to one of the countries included in such Addendum, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). The Addendum constitutes part of this Award Agreement. 
 
 23. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Option, and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require you to 
 
 10 

sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 24. Notices . Any notices provided for in the Grant Notice, this Award Agreement or the Plan shall be given in writing (including electronically) and shall be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered via post by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. 
 
 25. Governing Plan Document . The Option is subject to the Grant Notice, this Award Agreement and all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of this Award Agreement, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Grant Notice, this Award Agreement and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. By accepting the Option, you confirm that you have read and understood the Award Agreement, the Plan, the Plan prospectus and related information provided to you and that you accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 
 26. Administrator Authority . You expressly understand that the Administrator is authorized to administer, construe, and make all determinations necessary or appropriate for the administration of the Award Agreement and the Plan, and that any interpretation or determination made by the Administrator under the Award Agreement or the Plan, will be final, binding and conclusive. 
 
 27. Governing Law and Venue . The Option and the provisions of this Award Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the state of Minnesota, U.S.A. without regard to the conflict of law provisions. For purposes of any action, lawsuit or other proceedings brought to enforce this Award Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota or any of the courts of the state of Minnesota, U.S.A. 
 
 28. Severability . If any provision of this Award Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Award Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 
 29. Waiver . The waiver by the Company with respect to your (or any other Participant s) compliance of any provision of this Award Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Award Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Award Agreement. 

11 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION, 
 NON-SOLICITATION AND NON-DISPARAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 As a result of your intimate familiarity with proprietary and confidential information of the Company or its Affiliates, in consideration of the grant of this award, you agree to the restrictions set forth below. Except as provided in Exhibit A-1 attached hereto, any violation of these provisions will result in a rescission of the Option made under the Award Agreement and a forfeiture of any rights you have with respect thereto, as well as the remedies that are described in Section 5 hereof. You are advised to consult with your personal attorney prior to agreeing to the provisions of this Exhibit A. 
 
 1. Confidentiality . You agree that you will treat during your employment and thereafter, as private and privileged, any information, data, figures, projections, estimates, marketing plans, customer lists, lists of contract workers, tax records, personnel records, accounting procedures, formulas, contracts, business partners, alliances, ventures and all other confidential information you acquire while working for the Company or any of its Affiliates. You agree that you will not release any such information to any person, firm, corporation or other entity at any time, except as may be required by law, or as agreed to in writing by the Company. You acknowledge that any violation of this non-disclosure provision shall entitle the Company to appropriate injunctive relief and to any damages which it may sustain due to the improper disclosure. However, you shall not be held in breach of this provision if you disclose confidential information to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. 
 
 To the extent required by applicable state law, upon your termination of employment, your confidentiality obligation shall be limited to a period of 12 months (24 months, if you are a Section 16 Participant at the time of your termination of employment) provided that your confidentiality obligations with respect to the trade secrets of the Company or any of its Affiliates shall remain in effect for so long as the trade secrets constitute trade secrets under the applicable law. 
 
 2. Non-Solicitation . You agree that, for a 12 month period (24 month period, if you are a Section 16 Participant at the time of your termination of employment) following your termination of service (voluntary or involuntary) from the Company or any of its Affiliates, you will not, for yourself or any third party, directly or indirectly, (a) solicit competitive business from any customer of the Company or its Affiliates with whom you had direct contact or about whom you had access to confidential information, or (b) solicit any employee of the Company or its Affiliates for whom you had direct or indirect managerial or supervisory responsibilities or about whom you obtained confidential information during the 12 months preceding your termination date (a Covered Employee for the purpose of hiring such person or otherwise entice, induce or encourage, directly or indirectly, any such Covered Employee to leave their employment. 
 
 You agree that engaging in any of the following activities will be a violation of the above paragraph (1) soliciting for a hire or soliciting for retainer as an independent consultant or as 
 
 12 

contingent worker any Covered Employee (2) participating in the recruitment of any Covered Employee (3) serving as a reference for a Covered Employee (4) offering an opinion regarding the candidacy of a Covered Employee as a potential employee, independent consultant or contingent worker (5) assisting or encouraging any third party to pursue a Covered Employee for potential employment, independent consulting or contingent worker opportunities or (6) assisting or encouraging any Covered Employee to leave their current position in order to be an employee, independent consultant or contingent worker for a third party. 
 
 3. Non-Competition . You agree that, for a 12 month period (24 month period, if you are a Section 16 Participant at the time of your termination of employment) following your termination (voluntary or involuntary) from the Company or an Affiliate, you will not, for yourself or for any third party, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, provide services, whether as an employee, employer, owner, operator, manager, advisor, consultant, agent, partner, director, shareholder, officer, volunteer, intern, or any other similar capacity, to a Competitor. Notwithstanding the prior sentence, you are not prohibited from providing services to a Competitor if (a) the duties and services provided by you to the Competitor are not, in whole or in part, substantially similar to the duties and services you provided to the Company or its Affiliates and (b) the duties and services provided by you to the Competitor are not reasonably likely to cause you to reveal trade secrets, know-how, customer lists, customer contracts, customer needs, business strategies, marketing strategies, product development, proprietary information and confidential information concerning the business of the Company or its Affiliates. Nothing in this Award Agreement prohibits you from purchasing or owning less than five percent (5 of the publicly traded securities of any corporation, provided that your ownership represents a passive investment and that you are not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, the corporation. For purposes hereof 
 
 (i) Competitor means any business operating within the Restricted Territory (as defined below) which competes in the same industry(ies) as those in which you worked during your final twenty-four (24) months of employment (or your entire period of employment, if less than twenty-four (24) months) with the Company or an Affiliate (the Business and which (A) offers products and services within the Restricted Territory that are comparable to the products and services offered by the Business, or which the Company or an Affilate took material steps to offer during your final twenty-four (24) month period of employment with the Company or an Affiliate, and whose primary customer and product focus, scope and method of delivery is competitive with or substantially similar to that of the Business or (B) offers products and services within the Restricted Territory that are comparable to the products and services offered by the Business to any customer or prospective customer of the Company or an Affiliate with which you were involved or about which you had or were provided access to Confidential Information during the twelve (12) month period preceding your date of termination. 
 
 (ii) Restricted Territory means each country in the world in which the Company or an Affiliate conducted the Business or had taken material steps to begin conducting the Business, in each case within the twenty-four (24) month period preceding your termination date. 

13 

4. Non-Disparagement . You agree that you will not make disparaging remarks of any sort or otherwise communicate any disparaging comments to any other person or entity, about the Company and any of its divisions, subsidiaries, predecessors and successors, and any affiliated entities and persons, and all of their respective past and present employees, agents, insurers, officials, officers and directors. However, you shall not be held in breach of this provision if you disclose confidential information to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. 
 
 5. Effect of Breach . By accepting the Option, you agree that in light of the award conferred to you under this Award Agreement, the narrow and restrictive covenants imposed above are reasonable and will not result in any hardship to you. Further, you acknowledge and agree that a breach of any obligation under this Award Agreement will result in irreparable injury to the Company and that such harm may not be compensable entirely with monetary damages. The Company reserves all rights to seek any and all remedies and damages permitted under law, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, equitable relief and compensatory damages. In connection with any suit at law or in equity under this Award Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to an accounting, and to the repayment of all profits, compensation, commissions, fees, or other remuneration which you or any other entity or person has either directly or indirectly realized on its behalf or on behalf of another and or may realize, as a result of, growing out of, or in connection with the violation which is the subject of the suit. Further, in the event of your breach of the above sections, you shall disgorge the value of all payments and benefits conferred to you by virtue of this Award Agreement, including, but not limited to, the cash or Shares awarded. In addition to the foregoing, the Company shall be entitled to collect from you any reasonable attorney s fees and costs occurred in brining any action against you or otherwise to enforce the terms of this Award Agreement. 
 
 14 

Exhibit A-1 to the Confidentiality, Non-Competition, 
 Non-Solicitation And Non-Disparagement Agreement 
 
 STATE-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

15 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 ADDENDUM TO NVENT ELECTRIC PLC 2018 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 16 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 6
 ex102118rsu-restrictedstoc.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 
 Exhibit 10.21 

 NVENT ELECTRIC 2018 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Pursuant to the notice of grant (the Grant Notice and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any country-specific terms in the applicable addendum hereto (the Addendum (together, this Award Agreement ), nVent Electric plc (the Company has granted to you Restricted Stock Units RSUs with respect to the number of ordinary shares of the Company Shares specified in the Grant Notice. Capitalized terms not defined in this Award Agreement but defined in the nVent Electric plc 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as may be amended or restated from time to time (the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan. Unless you decline this Award Agreement within 90 days, you agree to be bound by all of the provisions contained in this Award Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 1. Vesting . Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the RSUs will vest as provided in the Grant Notice. 
 
 2. Settlement of RSUs . The Company shall deliver to you a whole number of Shares equal to the number of RSUs (if any) that vest pursuant to this Award Agreement, subject to withholding of any Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 7 below). Such delivery shall take place as soon as administratively practicable following the vesting date, but in no event more than 30 days after the applicable vesting date. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are resident or provide services outside of the United States, the Company, in its sole discretion, may provide for the settlement of the RSUs in the form of 
 
 (a) a cash payment in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Shares as of the vesting date that correspond to the number of vested RSUs, to the extent that settlement in Shares (i) is prohibited under local law, (ii) would require you, the Company or any of its Affiliates to obtain the approval of any governmental or regulatory body in your country of residence (or country of employment, if different), (iii) would result in adverse tax consequences for you, the Company or any of its Affiliates or (iv) is administratively burdensome or 
 
 (b) Shares, but require you to sell such Shares immediately or within a specified period following your termination of service (in which case, you hereby agree that the Company shall have the authority to issue sale instructions in relation to such Shares on your behalf). 
 
 3. No Fractional Shares . Only whole Shares will be issuable pursuant to the RSUs any fractional Share otherwise issuable under the RSUs will be rounded up to the nearest whole Share. 
 
 4. Effect of Termination of Service . Unless otherwise provided in the Grant Notice or the Plan, in the event of termination of your service with the Company or any of its Affiliates for any reason (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), all your unvested RSUs will be cancelled and forfeited. Exceptions are made for termination of service due to death, 
 
 1 

Retirement, Disability or a Covered Termination, in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 
 For purposes of the RSUs, your service will be considered terminated as of the date you cease active service with the Company or any of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you provide services or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement or determined by the Company in its sole discretion, your right to vest in the RSUs under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you provide services or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any). The Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you have ceased active service for purposes of your RSU grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 
 5. Dividend Equivalent Units . With respect to record dates occurring from and after the Date of Grant until the date that the RSUs are settled, you will be entitled to a cash payment equal to any cash dividend or cash distribution that would have been paid on the RSUs had the RSUs been issued and outstanding Shares on the record date for such dividend or distribution. Dividend Equivalent Units are not eligible for dividend reinvestment during the vesting period. Dividend Equivalent Units will accrue on your unvested RSUs over the vesting period, and you will be paid in cash at the same time the related RSUs vest. If you forfeit your unvested RSUs, then the related accrued Dividend Equivalent Units will also be forfeited. 
 
 6. Change of Control . 
 
 6.1 Assumption or Replacement . Upon a Change of Control, to the extent the purchaser, successor or surviving entity (or parent thereof) (the Survivor so agrees, then, without your consent (or the consent of any other person with rights in this Award Agreement), the RSUs shall be continued, or assumed or replaced with the same type of award with similar terms and conditions, by the Survivor (such continued, assumed or replacement award, the Replacement Award ), except that 
 
 (a) Each Replacement Award shall be appropriately adjusted, immediately after such Change of Control, to apply to the number and class of securities that would have been issuable to you upon the consummation of such Change of Control had the RSUs been vested immediately prior to such Change of Control, and such other appropriate adjustments in the terms and conditions of the RSUs to preserve their value shall be made. 
 
 (b) If the securities to which any Replacement Award relates are not listed and traded on a national securities exchange, then (1) you shall be provided the election, upon exercise or settlement of the Replacement Award, to receive, in lieu of the issuance of such securities, cash in an amount equal to the fair value of the securities that would have otherwise been issued and (2) for purposes of determining such fair value, no reduction 
 
 2 

shall be taken to reflect a discount for lack of marketability, minority interest or any similar consideration. 
 
 (c) Each Replacement Award shall provide that, if you experience a Change of Control Termination (as defined below), then such Replacement Award shall vest in full or be deemed earned in full (assuming any applicable performance goals were met at target) effective on the date of such termination. In the event of any other termination of employment or service within two years after a Change of Control that is not a Change of Control Termination, the terms of Section 4 of this Award Agreement shall apply to the Replacement Award. A Change of Control Termination means a termination of your employment or service within two years following the Change of Control as a result of any of the following (A) the Survivor terminates your employment or service without Cause, (B) your employment or service terminates by reason of your death or disability, or (C) you terminate your employment or service for good reason but only if, as of immediately prior to the Change of Control, you have in effect an employment, retention, change of control, or award agreement that contemplates termination of your employment or service by you for good reason. 
 
 6.2 No Assumption or Replacement . To the extent the Survivor does not assume the RSUs or issue replacement awards as provided in Section 6.1 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by reason of your termination of employment or service in connection with the Change of Control), then 
 
 (a) To the extent you have an employment, retention, change of control, severance or similar agreement with the Company or any Affiliate then in effect that provides for more favorable treatment to you than the provisions of this Section 6.2, such agreement shall control. 
 
 (b) In all other cases, unless provided otherwise by the Administrator prior to the Change of Control, in the event of a Change of Control, if you are employed by or in the service of the Company or an Affiliate at such time, then the RSUs shall become immediately and fully vested. 
 
 7. Tax Withholding . You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Affiliate that employs you (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you or deemed by the Company or the Employer in their discretion to be an appropriate charge to you even if legally applicable to the Company or the Employer Tax-Related Items ), is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer, if any. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the RSUs, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax- 
 
 3 

Related Items in more than one jurisdiction between the date of grant and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (i) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and or the Employer (ii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon vesting of the RSUs either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) (iii) withholding from the Shares to be delivered upon settlement of the RSUs that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required by law to be withheld or (iv) permitting you to tender back to the Company a number of Shares delivered upon settlement of the RSUs or Shares previously owned by you having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required by law to be withheld. For purposes of the foregoing, no fractional Share will be withheld or issued pursuant to the grant of the RSUs and the issuance of Shares hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a Section 16 Participant, your withholding obligations shall be satisfied as described in clause (iii) above, unless the Committee approves another form of payment for such Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates (as determined by the Company in good faith and in its sole discretion) or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount from the relevant taxing authority in cash and will have no entitlement to the share equivalent. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding from the Shares to be delivered upon vesting of the RSUs, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested RSUs, notwithstanding that a number of Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 You agree to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver Shares or proceeds from the sale of Shares until arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator have been made in connection with the Tax-Related Items. You will have no further rights with respect to any Shares that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision. 
 
 8. Recoupment . The RSUs (and any compensation paid or Shares issued under the RSUs) are subject to recoupment in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy or practice otherwise required by applicable law. The Company shall have the right to offset against any other amounts due from the Company to you the amount owed by you hereunder. 

4 

9. Confidentiality, Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement . As a condition to the receipt of the RSUs, you expressly agree to the terms and conditions in the Confidentiality, Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A. Except as otherwise provided in Exhibit A, any violation of the terms and conditions of Exhibit A will result in a rescission of the RSUs made under this Award Agreement and a forfeiture of rights you have with respect thereto, in addition to any remedies available to the Company under Section 5 of Exhibit A. 
 
 10. Securities Law Compliance . The grant of the RSUs and the issuance of Shares are subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or securities exchange as may be required. Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement or the Plan, the Company has no liability to deliver any Shares under the Plan or make any payment unless such delivery or payment would comply with all laws and the applicable requirements of any governmental agency, securities exchange or similar entity, and unless and until you have taken all actions required by the Company in connection with the RSUs. The Company may impose such restrictions on any Shares issued under the Plan as the Company determines necessary or desirable to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations or requirements. 
 
 11. Transferability . The RSUs shall not be transferable in any manner (including without limitation, sale, alienation, anticipation, pledge, encumbrance, or assignment) other than transfer by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, unless otherwise determined by the Committee in accordance with the terms of the Plan. All rights with respect to the RSUs shall be exercisable during your lifetime only by you or your guardian or legal representative or permitted transferee. 
 
 12. Shareholder Rights . You shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until Shares (if any) are issued upon settlement of the RSUs. Prior to actual payment of any RSUs, such RSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. 
 
 13. Insider Trading and or Market Abuse . By participating in the Plan, you agree to comply with the Company s policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to you). You further acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the Shares are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., RSUs) or rights linked to the value of Shares, during such times you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you place before you possessed inside information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. You understand that third parties include fellow employees. Any restriction under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your 
 
 5 

responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that you should therefore consult your personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 14. Code Section 409A . For U.S. taxpayers, it is the intent that the RSUs as set forth in this Award Agreement shall qualify for exemption from or comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so qualify or comply. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that the RSUs fail to satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral period exemption and are otherwise deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, and if you are a specified employee as of the date of your separation from service (as those terms are defined in the Plan or Section 409A of the Code), then the issuance of any Shares that would otherwise be made upon the date of your separation from service or within the first six (6) months thereafter will not be made on the originally scheduled date and will instead be issued in a lump sum on the date that is six (6) months and one day after the date of your separation from service, but only if such delay in the issuance of the Shares is necessary to avoid the imposition of additional taxation on you in respect of the Shares under Section 409A of the Code. The Company reserves the right, to the extent the Company deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify this Award Agreement as may be necessary to ensure that all payments provided for under this Award Agreement are made in a manner that qualifies for exemption from or complies with Section 409A of the Code provided, however, that the Company makes no representation that the grant, vesting, or settlement of RSUs provided for under this Award Agreement will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A of the Code from applying to the grant, vesting or settlement of RSUs provided for under this Award Agreement. The Company will have no liability to you or any other party if the RSUs, the delivery of Shares upon settlement of the RSUs or other payment hereunder that is intended to be exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A of the Code, is not so exempt or compliant or for any action taken by the Company with respect thereto. 
 
 15. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. You also agree that all online acknowledgements shall have the same force and effect as a written signature. 
 
 16. Nature of Grant . In accepting the RSUs, you acknowledge and agree that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time (subject to any limitations set forth in the Plan) 
 
 (b) the grant of RSUs is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of RSUs, or benefits in lieu of RSUs, even if RSUs or other awards have been granted in the past 

6 

(c) all decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 
 (d) your participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 
 (e) the RSUs and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company or any of its Affiliates and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, any of its Affiliates or the Employer, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (as otherwise may be permitted under local law) 
 
 (f) the RSUs and the Shares, and the income and value of the same are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (g) the RSUs and any Shares acquired under the Plan and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate 
 
 (h) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the RSUs resulting from termination of your service (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws or later found invalid), and in consideration of the grant of the RSUs to which you are otherwise not entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Company, any of its Affiliates, or the Employer, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company, its Affiliates and the Employer, from any such claim 
 
 (j) the RSUs and the benefits evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Company in its discretion, to have the RSUs or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares and 
 
 (k) if you are employed or providing services outside of the United States, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the RSUs or any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the RSUs or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement of the RSUs. 
 
 17. Data Privacy . You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Award Agreement, the Grant Notice and any other RSU grant materials by and among, as necessary and applicable, the Company or any of its Affiliates, for the exclusive purpose 
 
 7 

of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. If there is a conflict between this Section 16 and the Company s existing policies and or data protection charters, the terms of this Section 16 will prevail with respect to issues related to the RSUs and the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and or the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, and any Shares or directorships held in the Company, and details of the RSUs or any other entitlement to Shares, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 
 You understand that Data will be transferred to Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC and its affiliates or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country e.g. , the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. If you are employed outside the United States, you understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the Company, Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC and any other possible recipients that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. If you are employed outside the United States, you understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your service status and career will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you RSUs or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 
 Finally, upon request of the Company or the Employer, you agree to provide an executed data privacy consent form to the Company and or the Employer (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company and or the Employer) that the Company and or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain from you for the purpose of administering your participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in your country, either now or in the future. You understand and agree that you will not be able to participate in the Plan if you fail to provide any such consent or agreement requested by the Company and or the Employer. 
 
 8 

18. Not a Public Offering . If you are a resident outside of the United States, the grant of the RSUs is not intended to be a public offering of securities in your country of residence (or country of service, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings with the local securities authorities (unless otherwise required under local law), and the grant of the RSUs is not subject to the supervision of the local securities authorities. 
 
 19. Language . If you are resident in a country where English is not an official language, you acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Award Agreement and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the RSUs be drawn up in English. If you have received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 20. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 21. Repatriation Compliance with Law . If you are resident or provide services outside the United States, you agree to repatriate all payments attributable to Shares and or cash acquired under the Plan in accordance with applicable foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of service, if different). In addition, you agree to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Affiliates, as may be required to allow the Company and its Affiliates to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations in your country of residence (and country of service, if different). Finally, you agree to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with your personal obligations under local laws, rules and or regulations in your country of residence and country of service, if different). 
 
 22. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, the RSUs shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in the Addendum to this Award Agreement, as set forth in Exhibit B. Moreover, if you transfer to one of the countries included in such Addendum, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). The Addendum constitutes part of this Award Agreement. 
 
 23. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the RSUs, and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 9 

24. Notices . Any notices provided for in the Grant Notice, this Award Agreement or the Plan shall be given in writing (including electronically) and shall be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered via post by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. 
 
 25. Governing Plan Document . The RSUs are subject to the Grant Notice, this Award Agreement and all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of this Award Agreement, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Grant Notice, this Award Agreement and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. By accepting the RSUs, you confirm that you have read and understood the Award Agreement, the Plan, the Plan prospectus and related information provided to you and that you accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 
 26. Administrator Authority . You expressly understand that the Administrator is authorized to administer, construe, and make all determinations necessary or appropriate for the administration of the Award Agreement and the Plan, and that any interpretation or determination made by the Administrator under the Award Agreement or the Plan, will be final, binding and conclusive. 
 
 27. Governing Law and Venue . The RSUs and the provisions of this Award Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the state of Minnesota, U.S.A. without regard to the conflict of law provisions. For purposes of any action, lawsuit or other proceedings brought to enforce this Award Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota or any of the courts of the state of Minnesota, U.S.A. 
 
 28. Severability . If any provision of this Award Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Award Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 
 29. Waiver . The waiver by the Company with respect to your (or any other Participant s) compliance of any provision of this Award Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Award Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Award Agreement. 

10 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 NVENT ELECTRIC PLC CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION, 
 NON-SOLICITATION AND NON-DISPARAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 As a result of your intimate familiarity with proprietary and confidential information of the Company or an Affiliate, in consideration of the grant of this award, you agree to the restrictions set forth below. Except as provided in Exhibit A-1 attached hereto, any violation of these provisions will result in a rescission of the RSUs made under the Award Agreement and a forfeiture of any rights you have with respect thereto, as well as the remedies that are described in Section 5 hereof. You are advised to consult with your personal attorney prior to agreeing to the provisions of this Exhibit A. 
 
 1. Confidentiality . You agree that you will treat during employment and thereafter, as private and privileged, any information, data, figures, projections, estimates, marketing plans, customer lists, lists of contract workers, tax records, personnel records, accounting procedures, formulas, contracts, business partners, alliances, ventures and all other confidential information you acquire while working for the Company or any of its Affiliates. You agree that you will not release any such information to any person, firm, corporation or other entity at any time, except as may be required by law, or as agreed to in writing by the Company. You acknowledge that any violation of this non-disclosure provision shall entitle the Company to appropriate injunctive relief and to any damages which it may sustain due to the improper disclosure. However, you shall not be held in breach of this provision if you disclose confidential information to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. 
 
 To the extent required by applicable state law, upon your termination of employment, your confidentiality obligation shall be limited to a period of 12 months (24 months, if you are a Section 16 Participant at the time of your termination of employment) provided that your confidentiality obligations with respect to the trade secrets of the Company or any of its Affiliates shall remain in effect for so long as the trade secrets constitute trade secrets under the applicable law. 
 
 2. Non-Solicitation . You agree that, for a 12 month period (24 month period, if you are a Section 16 Participant at the time of your termination) following your termination (voluntary or involuntary) from the Company or any of its Affiliates, you will not, for yourself or any third party, directly or indirectly, (a) solicit competitive business from any customer of the Company or its Affiliates with whom you had direct contact or about whom you had access to confidential information, or (b) solicit any employee of the Company or its Affiliates for whom you had direct or indirect managerial or supervisory responsibilities or about whom you obtained confidential information during the 12 months preceding your termination date (a Covered Employee for the purpose of hiring such person or otherwise entice, induce or encourage, directly or indirectly, any such Covered Employee to leave their employment. 
 
 You agree that engaging in any of the following activities will be a violation of the above paragraph (1) soliciting for a hire or soliciting for retainer as an independent consultant or as 
 
 11 

contingent worker any Covered Employee (2) participating in the recruitment of any Covered Employee (3) serving as a reference for a Covered Employee (4) offering an opinion regarding the candidacy of a Covered Employee as a potential employee, independent consultant or contingent worker (5) assisting or encouraging any third party to pursue a Covered Employee for potential employment, independent consulting or contingent worker opportunities or (6) assisting or encouraging any Covered Employee to leave their current position in order to be an employee, independent consultant or contingent worker for a third party. 
 
 3. Non-Competition . You agree that, for a 12 month period (24 month period, if you are a Section 16 Participant at the time of your termination following your termination (voluntary or involuntary) from the Company or its Affiliates, you will not, for yourself or for any third party, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, provide services, whether as an employee, employer, owner, operator, manager, advisor, consultant, agent, partner, director, shareholder, officer, volunteer, intern, or any other similar capacity, to a Competitor. Notwithstanding the prior sentence, you are not prohibited from providing services to a Competitor if (i) the duties and services provided by you to the Competitor are not, in whole or in part, substantially similar to the duties and services you provided to the Company or its Affiliates and (ii) the duties and services provided by you to the Competitor are not reasonably likely to cause you to reveal trade secrets, know-how, customer lists, customer contracts, customer needs, business strategies, marketing strategies, product development, proprietary information and confidential information concerning the business of the Company or its Affiliates. Nothing in this Award Agreement prohibits you from purchasing or owning less than five percent (5 of the publicly traded securities of any corporation, provided that your ownership represents a passive investment and that you are not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, the corporation. For purposes hereof 
 
 (i) Competitor means any business operating within the Restricted Territory (as defined below) which competes in the same industry(ies) as those in which you worked during your final twenty-four (24) months of employment (or your entire period of employment, if less than twenty-four (24) months) with the Company or an Affiliate (the Business and which (A) offers products and services within the Restricted Territory that are comparable to the products and services offered by the Business, or which the Company or an Affilate took material steps to offer during your final twenty-four (24) month period of employment with the Company or an Affiliate, and whose primary customer and product focus, scope and method of delivery is competitive with or substantially similar to that of the Business or (B) offers products and services within the Restricted Territory that are comparable to the products and services offered by the Business to any customer or prospective customer of the Company or an Affiliate with which you were involved or about which you had or were provided access to Confidential Information during the twelve (12) month period preceding your date of termination. 
 
 (ii) Restricted Territory means each country in the world in which the Company or an Affiliate conducted the Business or had taken material steps to begin conducting the Business, in each case within the twenty-four (24) month period preceding your termination date. 

12 

4. Non-Disparagement . You agree that you will not make disparaging remarks of any sort or otherwise communicate any disparaging comments to any other person or entity, about the Company and any of its divisions, subsidiaries, predecessors and successors, and any affiliated entities and persons, and all of their respective past and present employees, agents, insurers, officials, officers and directors. However, you shall not be held in breach of this provision if you disclose confidential information to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. 
 
 5. Effect of Breach . By accepting the RSUs, you agree that in light of the award conferred to you under this Award Agreement, the narrow and restrictive covenants imposed above are reasonable and will not result in any hardship to you. Further, you acknowledge and agree that a breach of any obligation under this Award Agreement will result in irreparable injury to the Company and that such harm may not be compensable entirely with monetary damages. The Company reserves all rights to seek any and all remedies and damages permitted under law, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, equitable relief and compensatory damages. In connection with any suit at law or in equity under this Award Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to an accounting, and to the repayment of all profits, compensation, commissions, fees, or other remuneration which you or any other entity or person has either directly or indirectly realized on its behalf or on behalf of another and or may realize, as a result of, growing out of, or in connection with the violation which is the subject of the suit. Further, in the event of your breach of the above sections, you shall disgorge the value of all payments and benefits conferred to you by virtue of this Award Agreement, including, but not limited to, the cash or Shares awarded. In addition to the foregoing, the Company shall be entitled to collect from you any reasonable attorney s fees and costs occurred in brining any action against you or otherwise to enforce the terms of this Award Agreement. 

13 

Exhibit A -1 to the Confidentiality, Non-Competition, 
 Non-Solicitation And Non-Disparagement Agreement 
 
 STATE-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

14 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 ADDENDUM TO NVENT ELECTRIC PLC 2018 OMNIBUS PLAN 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

15 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 7
 ex102218psu22-performances.htm
 EX-10.22

Document 
 Exhibit 10.22 

 NVENT ELECTRIC PLC 
 2018 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Pursuant to the notice of grant (the Grant Notice and this Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any country-specific terms in the applicable addendum hereto (the Addendum (together, this Award Agreement ), nVent Electric plc (the Company has granted to you Performance Stock Units PSUs with respect to the number of ordinary shares of the Company Shares specified in the Grant Notice. Capitalized terms not defined in this Award Agreement but defined in the nVent Electric plc 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as may be amended or restated from time to time (the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan. Unless you decline this Award Agreement within 90 days, you agree to be bound by all of the provisions contained in this Award Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 1. Vesting . Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the PSUs will vest as provided in the Grant Notice. 1 
 
 2. Settlement of PSUs . The Company shall deliver to you a whole number of Shares equal to the number of PSUs (if any) that vest pursuant to this Award Agreement, subject to withholding of any Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 7 below). Such delivery shall take place (i) as soon as practicable following the date the Committee certifies the achievement of the performance goal(s) described in the Grant Notice (or other communication to you), if applicable, but in no event more than 75 days after the end of the performance period, or (ii) within 30 days after the vesting date if such certification is not necessary. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are resident or provide services outside of the United States, the Company, in its sole discretion, may provide for the settlement of the PSUs in the form of 
 
 (a) a cash payment in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Shares as of the vesting date that correspond to the number of vested PSUs, to the extent that settlement in Shares (i) is prohibited under local law, (ii) would require you, the Company or any of its Affiliates to obtain the approval of any governmental or regulatory body in your country of residence (or country of employment, if different), (iii) would result in adverse tax consequences for you, the Company or any of its Affiliates or (iv) is administratively burdensome or 
 
 1 The PSUs will vest based upon the achievement of performance goals selected by the Administrator, which may relate to one or more of the following with respect to the Company or any of its affiliates or any one or more divisions or business units of the Company or any affiliate net income income from continuing operations stockholder return total stockholder return stock price fair market value earnings per share (including diluted earnings per share) net operating profit (including after tax) revenue growth sales growth (including organic sales growth) return on equity return on investment return on invested capital (including after-tax) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization operating income operating margin market share return on sales asset reduction cost reduction working capital turns cash flow (including free cash flow) and new product releases. 

1 

(b) Shares, but require you to sell such Shares immediately or within a specified period following your termination of service (in which case, you hereby agree that the Company shall have the authority to issue sale instructions in relation to such Shares on your behalf). 
 
 3. No Fractional Shares . Only whole Shares will be issuable pursuant to the PSUs any fractional Share otherwise issuable under the PSUs will be rounded up to the nearest whole Share. 
 
 4. Effect of Termination of Service . Unless otherwise provided in the Grant Notice or the Plan, in the event of termination of your service with the Company or any of its Affiliates for any reason (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), all your unvested PSUs will be cancelled and forfeited. Exceptions are made for termination of service due to death, Retirement, Disability or a Covered Termination, as follows 
 
 (a) If you are a Board-appointed officer either at the beginning of the performance period (or date of grant of this award, if later) or at the date of your termination, then the terms of the Plan apply to your PSUs. 
 
 (b) If you are not a Board-appointed officer as described above, then 
 
 (i) If your termination is due to death or Disability, then the PSUs will be considered vested as if the target performance goals had been met as of the date of such termination or 
 
 (ii) If your termination is due to Retirement or a Covered Termination, then the PSUs will be considered vested as if the target performance goals had been met as of the date of such termination, but pro-rated based on the portion of the performance period during which you were employed. 
 
 For purposes of the PSUs, your service will be considered terminated as of the date you cease active service with the Company or any of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you provide services or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement or determined by the Company in its sole discretion, your right to vest in the PSUs under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you provide services or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any). The Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you have ceased active service for purposes of your PSU grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 
 5. Dividend Equivalent Units . With respect to record dates occurring from and after the Date of Grant until the date that the PSUs are settled, you will be entitled to a cash payment equal to any cash dividend or cash distribution that would have been paid on the PSUs had the PSUs been issued and outstanding Shares on the record date for such 
 
 2 

dividend or distribution. Dividend Equivalent Units are not eligible for dividend reinvestment during the vesting period. Dividend Equivalent Units will accrue on your unvested PSUs over the vesting period, and you will be paid in cash at the same time the related PSUs vest. If you forfeit your unvested PSUs, then the related accrued Dividend Equivalent Units will also be forfeited. 
 
 6. Change of Control . 
 
 6.1 Assumption or Replacement . Upon a Change of Control, to the extent the purchaser, successor or surviving entity (or parent thereof) (the Survivor so agrees, then, without your consent (or the consent of any other person with rights in this Award Agreement), the PSUs shall be continued, or assumed or replaced with the same type of award with similar terms and conditions, by the Survivor (such continued, assumed or replacement award, the Replacement Award ), except that 
 
 (a) Each Replacement Award shall be appropriately adjusted, immediately after such Change of Control, to apply to the number and class of securities that would have been issuable to you upon the consummation of such Change of Control had the PSUs been vested and earned immediately prior to such Change of Control, and such other appropriate adjustments in the terms and conditions of the PSUs to preserve their value shall be made. 
 
 (b) If the securities to which any Replacement Award relates are not listed and traded on a national securities exchange, then (1) you shall be provided the election, upon exercise or settlement of the Replacement Award, to receive, in lieu of the issuance of such securities, cash in an amount equal to the fair value of the securities that would have otherwise been issued and (2) for purposes of determining such fair value, no reduction shall be taken to reflect a discount for lack of marketability, minority interest or any similar consideration. 
 
 (c) Each Replacement Award shall provide that, if you experience a Change of Control Termination (as defined below), then such Replacement Award shall vest in full or be deemed earned in full (assuming any applicable performance goals were met at target) effective on the date of such termination. In the event of any other termination of employment or service within two years after a Change of Control that is not a Change of Control Termination, the terms of Section 4 of this Award Agreement shall apply to the Replacement Award. A Change of Control Termination means a termination of your employment or service within two years following the Change of Control as a result of any of the following (A) the Survivor terminates your employment or service without Cause, (B) your employment or service terminates by reason of your death or disability, or (C) you terminate your employment or service for good reason but only if, as of immediately prior to the Change of Control, you have in effect an employment, retention, change of control, or award agreement that contemplates termination of your employment or service by you for good reason. 
 
 6.2 No Assumption or Replacement . To the extent the Survivor does not assume the PSUs or issue replacement awards as provided in Section 6.1 (including, for the 
 
 3 

avoidance of doubt, by reason of your termination of employment or service in connection with the Change of Control), then 
 
 (a) To the extent you have an employment, retention, change of control, severance or similar agreement with the Company or any Affiliate then in effect that provides for more favorable treatment to you than the provisions of this Section 6.2, such agreement shall control. 
 
 (b) In all other cases, unless provided otherwise by the Administrator prior to the Change of Control, in the event of a Change of Control, if you are employed by or in the service of the Company or an Affiliate at such time, then (1) all PSUs that are earned but not yet settled shall be settled or paid out at their fair value based on the Change of Control price, and (2) all PSUs for which the performance period has not expired shall be cancelled in exchange for a cash payment equal to the fair value of such PSUs (based on the Change of Control price) if the performance goals (as measured at the time of the Change of Control) were to continue to be achieved at the same rate through the end of the performance period, or if higher, assuming the target performance goals (at 100 of the stated target level) had been met at the time of such Change of Control. The Administrator shall determine the per share Change of Control price paid or deemed paid in the Change of Control transaction in its discretion. 
 
 7. Tax Withholding . You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Affiliate that employs you (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you or deemed by the Company or the Employer in their discretion to be an appropriate charge to you even if legally applicable to the Company or the Employer Tax-Related Items ), is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer, if any. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the PSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the PSUs, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the PSUs to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction between the date of grant and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (i) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and or the Employer (ii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon vesting of the PSUs either through a voluntary sale 
 
 4 

or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) (iii) withholding from the Shares to be delivered upon settlement of the PSUs that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required by law to be withheld or (iv) permitting you to tender back to the Company a number of Shares delivered upon settlement of the PSUs or Shares previously owned by you having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required by law to be withheld. For purposes of the foregoing, no fractional Share will be withheld or issued pursuant to the grant of the PSUs and the issuance of Shares hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a Section 16 Participant, your withholding obligations shall be satisfied as described in clause (iii) above, unless the Committee approves another form of payment for such Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates (as determined by the Company in good faith and in its sole discretion) or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount from the relevant taxing authority in cash and will have no entitlement to the share equivalent. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding from the Shares to be delivered upon vesting of the PSUs, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested PSUs, notwithstanding that a number of Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 You agree to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver Shares or proceeds from the sale of Shares until arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator have been made in connection with the Tax-Related Items. You will have no further rights with respect to any Shares that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision. 
 
 8. Recoupment . The PSUs (and any compensation paid or Shares issued under the PSUs) are subject to recoupment in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy or practice otherwise required by applicable law. The Company shall have the right to offset against any other amounts due from the Company to you the amount owed by you hereunder. 
 
 9. Confidentiality, Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement . As a condition to the receipt of the PSUs, you expressly agree to the terms and conditions in the Confidentiality, Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A. Except as otherwise provided in Exhibit A, any violation of the terms and conditions of Exhibit A will result in a rescission of the PSUs made under this Award Agreement and a forfeiture of rights you have with respect thereto, in addition to any remedies available to the Company under Section 5 of Exhibit A. 
 
 10. Securities Law Compliance . The grant of the PSUs and the issuance of Shares are subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or securities exchange as may be required. Notwithstanding any provision of 
 
 5 

this Award Agreement or the Plan, the Company has no liability to deliver any Shares under the Plan or make any payment unless such delivery or payment would comply with all laws and the applicable requirements of any governmental agency, securities exchange or similar entity, and unless and until you have taken all actions required by the Company in connection with the PSUs. The Company may impose such restrictions on any Shares issued under the Plan as the Company determines necessary or desirable to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations or requirements. 
 
 11. Transferability . The PSUs shall not be transferable in any manner (including without limitation, sale, alienation, anticipation, pledge, encumbrance, or assignment) other than transfer by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, unless otherwise determined by the Committee in accordance with the terms of the Plan. All rights with respect to the PSUs shall be exercisable during your lifetime only by you or your guardian or legal representative or permitted transferee. 
 
 12. Shareholder Rights . You shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until Shares (if any) are issued upon settlement of the PSUs. Prior to actual payment of any PSUs, such PSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. 
 
 13. Insider Trading and or Market Abuse . By participating in the Plan, you agree to comply with the Company s policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to you). You further acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the Shares are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., PSUs) or rights linked to the value of Shares, during such times you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you place before you possessed inside information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. You understand that third parties include fellow employees. Any restriction under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that you should therefore consult your personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 14. Code Section 409A . For U.S. taxpayers, it is the intent that the PSUs as set forth in this Award Agreement shall qualify for exemption from or comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so qualify or comply. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that the PSUs fail to satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral period exemption and are otherwise deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, and if you are a specified employee as of the date of your separation from service (as those terms are defined in the Plan or Section 409A of the Code), then the issuance of any Shares that would otherwise be made upon the date of your separation from service or within the first six (6) months thereafter 
 
 6 

will not be made on the originally scheduled date and will instead be issued in a lump sum on the date that is six (6) months and one day after the date of your separation from service, but only if such delay in the issuance of the Shares is necessary to avoid the imposition of additional taxation on you in respect of the Shares under Section 409A of the Code. The Company reserves the right, to the extent the Company deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify this Award Agreement as may be necessary to ensure that all payments provided for under this Award Agreement are made in a manner that qualifies for exemption from or complies with Section 409A of the Code provided, however, that the Company makes no representation that the grant, vesting, or settlement of PSUs provided for under this Award Agreement will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A of the Code from applying to the grant, vesting or settlement of PSUs provided for under this Award Agreement. The Company will have no liability to you or any other party if the PSUs, the delivery of Shares upon settlement of the PSUs or other payment hereunder that is intended to be exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A of the Code, is not so exempt or compliant or for any action taken by the Company with respect thereto. 
 
 15. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. You also agree that all online acknowledgements shall have the same force and effect as a written signature. 
 
 16. Nature of Grant . In accepting the PSUs, you acknowledge and agree that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time (subject to any limitations set forth in the Plan) 
 
 (b) the grant of PSUs is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of PSUs, or benefits in lieu of PSUs, even if PSUs or other awards have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 
 (d) your participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 
 (e) the PSUs and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company or any of its Affiliates and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, any of its Affiliates or the Employer, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (as otherwise may be permitted under local law) 
 
 (f) the PSUs and the Shares, and the income and value of the same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 7 

(g) the PSUs and any Shares acquired under the Plan and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate 
 
 (h) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the PSUs resulting from termination of your service (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws or later found invalid), and in consideration of the grant of the PSUs to which you are otherwise not entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Company, any of its Affiliates, or the Employer, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company, its Affiliates and the Employer, from any such claim 
 
 (j) the PSUs and the benefits evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Company in its discretion, to have the PSUs or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares and 
 
 (k) if you are employed or providing services outside of the United States, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the PSUs or any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the PSUs or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement of the PSUs. 
 
 17. Data Privacy . You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Award Agreement, the Grant Notice and any other PSU grant materials by and among, as necessary and applicable, the Company or any of its Affiliates, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. If there is a conflict between this Section 16 and the Company s existing policies and or data protection charters, the terms of this Section 16 will prevail with respect to issues related to the PSUs and the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and or the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, and any Shares or directorships held in the Company, and details of the PSUs or any other entitlement to Shares, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 

8 

You understand that Data will be transferred to Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC and its affiliates, or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country e.g. , the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. If you are employed outside the United States, you understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the Company, Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC and any other possible recipients that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. If you are employed outside the United States, you understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your service status and career will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you PSUs or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 
 Finally, upon request of the Company or the Employer, you agree to provide an executed data privacy consent form to the Company and or the Employer (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company and or the Employer) that the Company and or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain from you for the purpose of administering your participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in your country, either now or in the future. You understand and agree that you will not be able to participate in the Plan if you fail to provide any such consent or agreement requested by the Company and or the Employer. 
 
 18. Not a Public Offering . If you are a resident outside of the United States, the grant of the PSUs is not intended to be a public offering of securities in your country of residence (or country of service, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings with the local securities authorities (unless otherwise required under local law), and the grant of the PSUs is not subject to the supervision of the local securities authorities. 
 
 19. Language . If you are resident in a country where English is not an official language, you acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Award Agreement and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the PSUs be drawn up in English. If you have received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than 
 
 9 

English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 20. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 21. Repatriation Compliance with Law . If you are resident or provide services outside the United States, you agree to repatriate all payments attributable to Shares and or cash acquired under the Plan in accordance with applicable foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of service, if different). In addition, you agree to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Affiliates, as may be required to allow the Company and its Affiliates to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations in your country of residence (and country of service, if different). Finally, you agree to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with your personal obligations under local laws, rules and or regulations in your country of residence and country of service, if different). 
 
 22. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, the PSUs shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in the Addendum to this Award Agreement, as set forth in Exhibit B. Moreover, if you transfer to one of the countries included in such Addendum, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). The Addendum constitutes part of this Award Agreement. 
 
 23. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the PSUs, and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 24. Notices . Any notices provided for in the Grant Notice, this Award Agreement or the Plan shall be given in writing (including electronically) and shall be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered via post by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. 
 
 25. Governing Plan Document . The PSUs are subject to the Grant Notice, this Award Agreement and all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of this Award Agreement, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Grant Notice, this 
 
 10 

Award Agreement and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. By accepting the PSUs, you confirm that you have read and understood the Award Agreement, the Plan, the Plan prospectus and related information provided to you and that you accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 
 26. Administrator Authority . You expressly understand that the Administrator is authorized to administer, construe, and make all determinations necessary or appropriate for the administration of the Award Agreement and the Plan, and that any interpretation or determination made by the Administrator under the Award Agreement or the Plan, will be final, binding and conclusive. 
 
 27. Governing Law and Venue . The PSUs and the provisions of this Award Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the state of Minnesota, U.S.A. without regard to the conflict of law provisions. For purposes of any action, lawsuit or other proceedings brought to enforce this Award Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota or any of the courts of the state of Minnesota, U.S.A.. 
 
 28. Severability . If any provision of this Award Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Award Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 
 29. Waiver . The waiver by the Company with respect to your (or any other Participant s) compliance of any provision of this Award Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Award Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Award Agreement. 

11 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 NVENT ELECTRIC PLC CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION, 
 NON-SOLICITATION AND NON-DISPARAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 As a result of your intimate familiarity with proprietary and confidential information of the Company or its Affiliates, in consideration of the grant of this award, you agree to the restrictions set forth below. Except as provided in Exhibit A-1 attached hereto, any violation of these provisions will result in a rescission of the PSUs made under the Award Agreement and a forfeiture of any rights you have with respect thereto, as well as the remedies that are described in Section 5 hereof. You are advised to consult with your personal attorney prior to agreeing to the provisions of this Exhibit A. 
 
 1. Confidentiality . You agree that you will treat during employment and thereafter, as private and privileged, any information, data, figures, projections, estimates, marketing plans, customer lists, lists of contract workers, tax records, personnel records, accounting procedures, formulas, contracts, business partners, alliances, ventures and all other confidential information you acquire while working for the Company or any of its Affiliates. You agree that you will not release any such information to any person, firm, corporation or other entity at any time, except as may be required by law, or as agreed to in writing by the Company. You acknowledge that any violation of this non-disclosure provision shall entitle the Company to appropriate injunctive relief and to any damages which it may sustain due to the improper disclosure. However, you shall not be held in breach of this provision if you disclose confidential information to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. 
 
 To the extent required by applicable state law, upon your termination of employment, your confidentiality obligation shall be limited to a period of 12 months (24 months, if you are a Section 16 Participant at the time of your termination of employment) provided that your confidentiality obligations with respect to the trade secrets of the Company or any of its Affiliates shall remain in effect for so long as the trade secrets constitute trade secrets under the applicable law. 
 
 2. Non-Solicitation . You agree that, for a 12 month period (24 month period, if you are a Section 16 Participant at the time of your termination of employment) following your termination (voluntary or involuntary) from the Company or any of its Affiliates, you will not, for yourself or any third party, directly or indirectly, (a) solicit competitive business from any customer of the Company or its Affiliates, with whom you had direct contact or about whom you had access to confidential information, or (b) solicit any employee of the Company or its Affiliates for whom you had direct or indirect managerial or supervisory responsibilities or about whom you obtained confidential information during the 12 months preceding your termination date (a Covered Employee for the purpose of hiring such person or otherwise entice, induce or encourage, directly or indirectly, any such Covered Employee to leave their employment. 
 
 You agree that engaging in any of the following activities will be a violation of the above paragraph (1) soliciting for a hire or soliciting for retainer as an independent 
 
 12 

consultant or as contingent worker any Covered Employee (2) participating in the recruitment of any Covered Employee (3) serving as a reference for a Covered Employee (4) offering an opinion regarding the candidacy of a Covered Employee as a potential employee, independent consultant or contingent worker (5) assisting or encouraging any third party to pursue a Covered Employee for potential employment, independent consulting or contingent worker opportunities or (6) assisting or encouraging any Covered Employee to leave their current position in order to be an employee, independent consultant or contingent worker for a third party. 
 
 3. Non-Competition . You agree that, for a 12 month period (24 month period, if you are a Section 16 Participant at the time of your termination of employment) following your termination (voluntary or involuntary) from the Company or its Affiliates, you will not, for yourself or for any third party, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, provide services, whether as an employee, employer, owner, operator, manager, advisor, consultant, agent, partner, director, shareholder, officer, volunteer, intern, or any other similar capacity, to a Competitor. Notwithstanding the prior sentence, you are not prohibited from providing services to a Competitor if (i) the duties and services provided by you to the Competitor are not, in whole or in part, substantially similar to the duties and services you provided to the Company or its Affiliates and (ii) the duties and services provided by you to the Competitor are not reasonably likely to cause you to reveal trade secrets, know-how, customer lists, customer contracts, customer needs, business strategies, marketing strategies, product development, proprietary information and confidential information concerning the business of the Company or its Affiliates. Nothing in this Award Agreement prohibits you from purchasing or owning less than five percent (5 of the publicly traded securities of any corporation, provided that your ownership represents a passive investment and that you are not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, the corporation. For purposes hereof 
 
 (i) Competitor means any business operating within the Restricted Territory (as defined below) which competes in the same industry(ies) as those in which you worked during your final twenty-four (24) months of employment (or your entire period of employment, if less than twenty-four (24) months) with the Company or an Affiliate (the Business and which (A) offers products and services within the Restricted Territory that are comparable to the products and services offered by the Business, or which the Company or an Affilate took material steps to offer during your final twenty-four (24) month period of employment with the Company or an Affiliate, and whose primary customer and product focus, scope and method of delivery is competitive with or substantially similar to that of the Business or (B) offers products and services within the Restricted Territory that are comparable to the products and services offered by the Business to any customer or prospective customer of the Company or an Affiliate with which you were involved or about which you had or were provided access to Confidential Information during the twelve (12) month period preceding your date of termination. 
 
 (ii) Restricted Territory means each country in the world in which the Company or an Affiliate conducted the Business or had taken material steps to begin conducting the Business, in each case within the twenty-four (24) month period preceding your termination date. 
 
 13 

4. Non-Disparagement . You agree that you will not make disparaging remarks of any sort or otherwise communicate any disparaging comments to any other person or entity, about the Company and any of its divisions, subsidiaries, predecessors and successors, and any affiliated entities and persons, and all of their respective past and present employees, agents, insurers, officials, officers and directors. However, you shall not be held in breach of this provision if you disclose confidential information to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. 
 
 5. Effect of Breach . By accepting the PSUs, you agree that in light of the award conferred to you under this Award Agreement, the narrow and restrictive covenants imposed above are reasonable and will not result in any hardship to you. Further, you acknowledge and agree that a breach of any obligation under this Award Agreement will result in irreparable injury to the Company and that such harm may not be compensable entirely with monetary damages. The Company reserves all rights to seek any and all remedies and damages permitted under law, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, equitable relief and compensatory damages. In connection with any suit at law or in equity under this Award Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to an accounting, and to the repayment of all profits, compensation, commissions, fees, or other remuneration which you or any other entity or person has either directly or indirectly realized on its behalf or on behalf of another and or may realize, as a result of, growing out of, or in connection with the violation which is the subject of the suit. Further, in the event of your breach of the above sections, you shall disgorge the value of all payments and benefits conferred to you by virtue of this Award Agreement, including, but not limited to, the cash or Shares awarded. In addition to the foregoing, the Company shall be entitled to collect from you any reasonable attorney s fees and costs occurred in brining any action against you or otherwise to enforce the terms of this Award Agreement. 

14 

Exhibit A -1 to the Confidentiality, Non-Competition, 
 Non-Solicitation And Non-Disparagement Agreement 
 
 STATE-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

15 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 ADDENDUM TO NVENT ELECTRIC PLC 2018 OMNIBUS PLAN 
 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

16 

APPENDIX 
 
 Performance Goal and Performance Period 

17 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 8
 ex1023directorrestrictedst.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 
 Exhibit 10.23 

 NVENT ELECTRIC PLC 2018 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 GRANT AGREEMENT 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 
 Name of Grantee 
 
 The Board of Directors of nVent Electric plc has awarded you the following grant under the nVent Electric plc 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 
 Grant Information 
 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units Granted ______________ 
 
 The units will become vested in full on January 1 of the first calendar year that begins after the Date of Grant (or, if any such January 1 is not a business day, on the first business day after such January 1). 
 
 This grant also includes Dividend Equivalent Units, which are described below. 
 
 Specific terms of this grant not specified above, such as the Date of Grant, are set forth in the cover letter that accompanies this grant agreement. 
 
 Terms and Conditions of this Grant 
 
 The Restricted Stock Units become vested on the vesting date noted above. The Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units will be issued upon vesting. In the event the vesting date falls on a weekend day or holiday, the Restricted Stock Units will vest and Shares will be issued on the next trading day. 
 
 Each Restricted Stock Unit includes one Dividend Equivalent Unit. A Dividend Equivalent Unit entitles you to a cash payment equal to the cash dividends declared on a Share of stock during the vesting period. Payment of the Dividend Equivalent Units will be made to you in cash as soon as practicable (but not more than 30 days) after the Restricted Stock Units vest. Dividend Equivalent Units are not eligible for dividend reinvestment. 
 
 If your service as a director with the Company terminates (voluntarily or involuntarily) before your Restricted Stock Units are 100 vested, then all nonvested Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited. Exceptions to this rule are made for certain types of terminations, including termination due to death, Disability or Retirement, in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 
 If the Restricted Stock Units vest upon termination of service as a director, then the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units that vest will be issued promptly after your termination. 

The Restricted Stock Units will also vest upon a Change of Control provided you are still serving as a director of the Company immediately prior to the Change of Control. The term Change of Control as applied to your Restricted Stock Units is modified to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 
 You cannot vote Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 You may not sell, assign, transfer, pledge as collateral or otherwise dispose of your Restricted Stock Units at any time during the vesting period. 
 
 Taxation of Award 
 
 The Fair Market Value of the Shares that are issued upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and the cash paid in respect of Dividend Equivalent Units will be considered taxable compensation. 
 
 If withholding taxes are due under applicable law, the Company shall satisfy such obligation by withholding from the Shares to be delivered upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required by law to be withheld, unless the Board approves another form of payment for such withholding amount. 
 
 General 
 
 The grant of this Plan award to you does not guarantee you will receive Plan awards in subsequent years. 
 
 The vesting of this award may be suspended or delayed as a result of a leave of absence. 
 
 In addition to the terms and conditions contained in this grant agreement, this award is subject to the provisions of the Plan document and Prospectus as well as applicable rules and regulations issued under local tax and securities laws and New York Stock Exchange rules. Capitalized terms used in this grant agreement have the meanings given in the Plan. 
 
 The Board may amend or modify the Plan at any time but generally such changes will apply to future Plan awards. The Board may also amend or modify this award, but most changes will require your consent. 
 
 As a condition to the grant of this award, you agree (with such agreement being binding upon your legal representatives, guardians, legatees or beneficiaries) that this agreement will be interpreted by the Board and that any interpretation by the Board of the terms of this agreement or the Plan, and any determination made by the Board under this agreement or the Plan, will be final, binding and conclusive. 
 
 For purposes of this agreement, the word Company means nVent Electric plc or any of its subsidiaries or any of their business units. 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21>
 9
 ex21nventplcsubsidiaries20.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 nVent Electric plc subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 
 Name of Company Jurisdiction of Incorporation Alberta Electronic Company Limited Hong Kong Asia Pacific CIS (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Thailand Asia Pacific CIS (Wuxi) Co., Ltd. China CIS Global LLC United States CIS Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong CISWW Engineering India Private Limited India CoolIT Systems Inc Canada Eldon AB Sweden Eldon AS Norway Eldon Austria GmbH Austria Eldon Electric Limited United Kingdom Eldon Espana, S.A.U. Spain Eldon GmbH Germany Eldon Holding AB Sweden Eldon Holding Espana, S.L.U. Spain Eldon NV Netherlands Eldon SRL Romania Electronic Enclosures, LLC United States Enclosures, Inc. United States ERICO Canada Inc. Canada ERICO do Brasil Ltda. Brazil ERICO Europe B.V. Netherlands ERICO France Sarl France ERICO GLOBAL COMPANY United States ERICO International Corporation United States ERICO Italia S.r.l. Italy ERICO Limited Hong Kong ERICO Ltd. China ERICO Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico ERICO Poland SP. Z.o.o. Poland ERICO Products Australia Pty. Ltd Australia ERICO US Holding LLC United States GCP CIS Blocker Inc. United States GCP CIS Holdings, LLC United States Hoffman Enclosures (Mex.), LLC United States Hoffman Enclosures Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Hoffman Enclosures Inc. United States Hoffman Schroff Asia Pte Ltd Singapore Hoffman Schroff de Mexico S.a.r.l. Mexico Hoffman Schroff GmbH Switzerland Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc. United States Hoffman Schroff Manufacturing S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Hoffman Schroff Poland Sp.z.o.o. Poland Hoffman Schroff PTE Ltd Singapore Hoffman Schroff Sales S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Iceotope Group Limited Canada Limited Liability Company nVent Rus Russian Federation Lionel Acquisition Co. United States nVent Armaturen Holding GmbH Germany nVent do Brasil Eletrometalurgica Ltda. Brazil 

nVent EFS Investments 1, LLC United States nVent EFS Investments 2, LLC United States nVent EFS Investments LP United States nVent Electrical Products (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China nVent Electrical Products China Co., Ltd. China nVent Electrical Products India Private Limited India nVent Enclosures India Private Limited India nVent Finance Group GmbH Switzerland nVent Finance NL B.V. Netherlands nVent Finance S.a.r.l. Luxembourg nVent Finland Oy Finland nVent Global S.a.r.l. Luxembourg nVent Holding NL B.V. Netherlands nVent Holdings C.V. Netherlands nVent Holdings S.A. France nVent Holdings, Inc. United States nVent International (UK) Ltd. United Kingdom nVent International Holding S.a.r.l. Luxembourg nVent International Holdings, Inc. United States nVent Investments 1, LLC United States nVent Investments 2, LLC United States nVent Investments LP United States nVent Italy S.r.l. Italy nVent Japan Co., Ltd. Japan nVent Luxembourg S.a.r.l. Luxembourg nVent Management Company United States nVent Middle East FZE United Arab Emirates nVent Nordic AB Sweden nVent Power & Data Infrastructure India Private Limited India nVent Project Services Canada, Inc. Canada nVent Services Canada Limited Canada nVent Services GmbH Switzerland nVent Services Holding GmbH Switzerland nVent Solutions (UK) Limited United Kingdom nVent Teknoloji Sistemleri Ticaret Limited Sirketi Turkey nVent Thermal (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China nVent Thermal (Shanghai) Engineering Co., Ltd. China nVent Thermal (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China nVent Thermal Belgium NV Belgium nVent Thermal Canada Ltd. Canada nVent Thermal Europe GmbH Switzerland nVent Thermal France SAS France nVent Thermal Germany GmbH Germany nVent Thermal India Private Limited India nVent Thermal Korea Ltd. Korea, Republic of nVent Thermal KZ LLP Kazakhstan nVent Thermal LLC United States nVent Thermal Netherlands B.V. Netherlands nVent Thermal Norway AS Norway nVent Thermal Polska Sp. z.o.o. Poland nVent Thermal Romania S.R.L. Romania nVent UK Holdings Limited United Kingdom Productos ERICO S.A. Spain Schroff Co. Ltd. Taiwan Taiwan Schroff GmbH Germany 

Schroff Holdings Germany GmbH Germany Schroff SAS France Schroff, Inc. United States Steinhauer GmbH Germany Tonka Bay Insurance Company United States Torgoterm AD Bulgaria Tracer Construction LLC United States Tracer Industries Canada Limited Canada Tracer Industries Management LLC United States Tracer Industries, Inc. United States Yabaida Electronics (Shenzhen) Company Limited China 
 
 All entities are 100 owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 CoolIT Systems Inc is 7.02 owned. Iceotope is 6.2 owned. Torgoterm AD is 19 owned. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 10
 ex23-consentofregisteredpu.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-260579 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement No. 333-224555, 333-224556 and 333-240176 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, relating to the financial statements of nVent Electric plc and the effectiveness of nVent Electric plc s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 11
 ex24powerofattorney20221231.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned directors of nVent Electric plc, an entity organized under the laws of Ireland, hereby constitute and appoint Beth A. Wozniak and Jon D. Lammers, or either of them, his her attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution, for the purpose of signing on his her behalf as a director of nVent Electric plc the Annual Report on Form 10-K, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within the next sixty days, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto such attorney-in-fact, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 Signature Title s Jerry W. Burris February 26, 2023 Director Jerry W. Burris Date s Susan M. Cameron February 21, 2023 Director Susan M. Cameron Date s Michael L. Ducker February 22, 2023 Director Michael L. Ducker Date s Randall J. Hogan February 23, 2023 Director Randall J. Hogan Date s Danita K. Ostling February 23, 2023 Director Danita K. Ostling Date s Nicola Palmer February 24, 2023 Director Nicola Palmer Date s Herbert K. Parker February 21, 2023 Director Herbert K. Parker Date s Greg Scheu February 23, 2023 Director Greg Scheu Date s Jacqueline Wright February 26, 2023 Director Jacqueline Wright Date 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 ex311ceocertification20221.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification 
 
 I, Beth A. Wozniak, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of nVent Electric plc 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date 
 February 28, 2023 s Beth A. Wozniak Beth A. Wozniak Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 ex312cfocertification20221.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification 
 
 I, Sara E. Zawoyski, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of nVent Electric plc 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date 
 February 28, 2023 s Sara E. Zawoyski Sara E. Zawoyski Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 ex321ceocertification20221.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of nVent Electric plc (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Beth A. Wozniak, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date 
 February 28, 2023 s Beth A. Wozniak Beth A. Wozniak Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 ex322cfocertification20221.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of nVent Electric plc (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sara E. Zawoyski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date 
 February 28, 2023 s Sara E. Zawoyski Sara E. Zawoyski Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 nvt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 nvt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 nvt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 nvt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 nvt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

