<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1275168_0001275168-23-000049.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17241382</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>410276</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2190720</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7046839</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3734643</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3542362</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001275168-23-000049.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224144128
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001275168-23-000049
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIVE STAR BANCORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001275168
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				753100966
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40379
		FILM NUMBER:		23666048

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3100 ZINFANDEL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			RANCHO CORDOVA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95670
		BUSINESS PHONE:		916-626-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3100 ZINFANDEL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			RANCHO CORDOVA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95670

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001275168-23-000049.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 fsbc-20221231.htm
 10-K

fsbc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (l) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of, large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. o 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES o x 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity of the registrant held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was million. As of February 21, 2023, the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

INDEX 
 Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 PART I 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 41 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 41 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 42 
 PART II 
 43 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 43 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 74 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 75 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 120 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 120 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 120 
 PART III 
 121 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 121 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 121 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 121 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 122 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 122 
 PART IV 
 123 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 123 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 124 
 SIGNATURES 
 125 
 
 i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent plans, estimates, objectives, goals, guidelines, expectations, intentions, projections, and statements of our beliefs concerning future events, business plans, objectives, expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance, or achievements, and are typically identified with words such as may, could, should, will, would, believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, aim, intend, plan, or words or phases of similar meaning. We caution that the forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties that are subject to change based on factors which are, in many instances, beyond our control. Such forward-looking statements are based on various assumptions (some of which may be beyond our control) and are subject to risks and uncertainties, which change over time, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 
 risks related to the concentration of our business in California, and specifically within Northern California, including risks associated with any downturn in the real estate sector; 
 the effects of increased competition from a wide variety of local, regional, national, and other providers of financial and investment services; 
 the risks associated with our loan portfolios, and specifically with our commercial real estate loans; 
 our ability to maintain adequate liquidity and to maintain capital necessary to fund our growth strategy and operations and to satisfy minimum regulatory capital levels; 
 risks related to our strategic focus on lending to small to medium-sized businesses; 
 the sufficiency of the assumptions and estimates we make in establishing reserves for potential loan losses and the value of loan collateral and securities; 
 our level of nonperforming assets and the costs associated with resolving problem loans, if any, and complying with government-imposed foreclosure moratoriums; 
 changes in market interest rates that affect the pricing of our loans and deposits, our net interest income, and our borrowers' ability to repay loans; 
 our ability to comply with various governmental and regulatory requirements applicable to financial institutions, including supervisory actions by federal and state banking agencies; 
 the impact of recent and future legislative and regulatory changes, including changes in banking, securities, and tax laws and regulations and their application by our regulators, and economic stimulus programs; 
 governmental monetary and fiscal policies, including the policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve 
 changes in the U.S. economy, including an economic slowdown, inflation, deflation, housing prices, employment levels, rate of growth, and general business conditions; 
 risks associated with unauthorized access, cyber-crime, and other threats to data security; 
 our ability to implement, maintain, and improve effective internal controls; 
 uncertain market conditions and economic trends nationally, regionally, and particularly in Northern California and California, including as a result of the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and potential future variants of COVID-19; 
 1 

our ability to attract and retain executive officers and key employees and their customer and community relationships; 
 the occurrence or impact of climate change or natural or man-made disasters or calamities, such as wildfires, droughts, and earthquakes; and 
 other factors that are discussed in the sections entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Risk Factors. 
 The foregoing factors should not be considered exhaustive and should be read together with other cautionary statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors. Additional factors that could cause results or performance to materially differ from those expressed in our forward-looking statements are detailed in other filings we may make with the SEC, copies of which are available from us at no charge. New risks and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict their occurrence or how they will affect us. If one or more of the factors affecting our forward-looking information and statements proves incorrect, then our actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, forward-looking information and statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Therefore, we caution you not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking information and statements. We disclaim any duty to revise or update the forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, to reflect actual results or changes in the factors affecting the forward-looking statements, except as specifically required by law. 
 2 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Our Company 
 Headquartered in the greater Sacramento metropolitan area of California, Five Star Bancorp Bancorp or the Company is a bank holding company that operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Five Star Bank Five Star or the Bank ), a California state-chartered non-member bank. The Bank began operations on December 20, 1999. Bancorp was incorporated on September 16, 2002 and became the sole shareholder of the Bank on June 2, 2003. Our executive offices are located at 3100 Zinfandel Drive, Suite 100, Rancho Cordova, California 95670 and our telephone number is (916) 626-5000. Our website address is https://www.fivestarbank.com. Information on our website should not be considered a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The Company provides a broad range of banking products and services to small and medium-sized businesses, professionals, and individuals primarily in Northern California through seven branch offices, one loan production office, the Internet, and its mobile banking application. The Bank s deposits are insured in whole or in part by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ). The Bank s loans and deposits are primarily within Northern California, and the Bank s primary funding source is deposits from customers. Our mission is to strive to become the top business bank in all markets we serve through exceptional service, deep connectivity, and customer empathy. We are dedicated to serving real estate, agricultural, faith-based, and small to medium-sized enterprises. We aim to consistently deliver value that meets or exceeds expectations of our shareholders, customers, employees, business partners, and community. We refer to our mission as purpose-driven and integrity-centered banking. As of December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 3.2 billion, total loans held for investment, net of allowance for loan losses, of 2.8 billion, and total deposits of 2.8 billion. 
 In May 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering IPO ), in connection with which the Company terminated its status as a Subchapter S corporation as of May 5, 2021 and became a taxable C Corporation. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, references in this report to we, our, us, the Company, or Bancorp refer to Five Star Bancorp and our consolidated subsidiary. All references to the Bank or Five Star refer to Five Star Bank, our wholly owned subsidiary. 
 
 Our Market 
 The Company, through the Bank, provides financial services to customers who are predominately small and middle-market businesses, professionals, and individuals primarily in the Northern California region. Our primary loan products are commercial real estate loans, commercial loans, commercial land and construction loans, and farmland loans. Our primary deposit products are money market accounts, non-interest-bearing accounts, and interest checking accounts. 
 Our principal geographic market is the Roseville/Sacramento/Rancho Cordova/Elk Grove area (the Greater Sacramento Area ). The Greater Sacramento Area has a profitable and productive economy driven by the governmental, education, technology, health care, agricultural, and manufacturing sectors. Since 2016, our market share of the total deposits in the Greater Sacramento Area has increased significantly, according to the FDIC Deposit Market Share Reports. We believe that our market growth confirms the quality of the purpose-driven and integrity-centered banking that we strive to deliver to our customers. 
 
 Our Products and Services 
 Lending Activities 
 We focus primarily on commercial lending, with an emphasis on commercial real estate. We offer a variety of loans to small and medium-sized businesses, professionals, and individuals, including commercial real estate, commercial, commercial land and construction, and farmland loans. Although a substantial portion of our loan portfolio consists of commercial real estate loans within our market, our portfolio is diverse and includes a significant amount of Small Business Administration SBA loans to customers nationwide. To a lesser extent, we also offer residential real estate and construction loans and consumer loans. 
 3 

Commercial real estate loans : As of December 31, 2022, we had 2.4 billion in total commercial real estate loans, representing 85.44 of total loans before deferred fees. These loans are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and secondarily as loans secured by real estate. These loans are generally collateralized by first liens on real estate and amortized over a period of years. We monitor and evaluate commercial real estate loans based on collateral, geography, and risk grade criteria. Our commercial real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts, and the repayment of these loans is generally largely dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loan or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Commercial real estate loans may be more adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. The properties securing our commercial real estate portfolio are diverse in terms of type and industry. This diversity helps reduce our exposure to adverse economic events that affect any single market or industry. 
 Commercial loans : As of December 31, 2022, we had 190.6 million in commercial loans, representing 6.80 of total loans before deferred fees. Commercial loans are underwritten after evaluating the borrower s ability to operate profitably and prudently expand its business. Underwriting standards are designed to promote relationship banking rather than transactional banking. Commercial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. The cash flows of borrowers, however, may not be as expected, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Most commercial loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets, such as accounts receivable or inventory, and may incorporate a personal guarantee; however, some short-term loans may be made on an unsecured basis. In the case of loans secured by accounts receivable, the availability of funds for the repayment of these loans may be substantially dependent on the ability of the borrower to collect amounts due from its customers. 
 SBA loans : As of December 31, 2022, our total commercial SBA portfolio held for investment, excluding Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans, was 49.0 million, representing 1.75 of total loans before deferred fees. In 2022, we sold 172 SBA loans, excluding PPP loans, with government-guaranteed portions totaling 50.8 million. We participate in the SBA 7(a) program in order to meet the needs of our small business community as well as customers nationwide. As an approved participant in the SBA Preferred Lender Program, we enable our clients to obtain SBA loans without being subject to the potentially lengthy SBA approval process necessary for lenders that are not SBA Preferred Lenders. Pursuant to the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (the Consolidated Appropriations Act ), the SBA guaranteed 90 of the principal amount of each qualifying SBA loan originated under the SBA s 7(a) loan program (excluding PPP loans) through October 1, 2021. The SBA presently guarantees 75 to 90 of the principal amount of qualifying loans originated under the 7(a) loan program (excluding PPP loans). The guarantee is conditional and covers a portion of the risk of payment default by the borrower, but not the risk of improper closing and servicing by the lender. As such, prudent underwriting and closing processes are essential to effective utilization of the 7(a) program. We typically sell in the secondary market the SBA-guaranteed portion of the SBA loans we originate. 
 PPP loans : Pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act passed in March 2020, we funded over 1,500 loans to eligible small businesses and non-profit organizations nationwide who participated in the PPP administered by the SBA as of December 31, 2022. In addition, we received a fee of 1.00 to 5.00 from the SBA depending on the loan amount. PPP loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA and are expected to be forgiven by the SBA if borrowers meet the requirements of the program. PPP loans have terms of two to five years and earn interest at 1.00 . At December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding balances from PPP loans on our books. 
 Commercial land and construction loans : As of December 31, 2022, we had 96.1 million in commercial land and construction loans, representing 3.43 of total loans before deferred fees. We make loans to established builders to construct residential properties, loans to developers of commercial real estate investment properties and residential developments, and, to a lesser extent, loans to individual clients for construction of single-family homes in our market. On rare occasions, we also make loans for the acquisition of undeveloped land subject to heightened underwriting requirements. Construction loans are typically disbursed as construction progresses and carry either fixed or variable interest rates generally based on the borrowers ability to repay the loans from the cash flow of their businesses. The terms of our commercial land and construction loans vary depending on factors such as the type and size of the development and the financial strength of the borrower/guarantor. Loans are typically structured with an interest-only construction period and mature at the completion of construction. 
 Farmland loans : As of December 31, 2022, we had 52.5 million in farmland loans, representing 1.87 of total loans before deferred fees. We are a strong agricultural lender, with both lines of credit and term loans. Farmland loans are 
 4 

generally made to producers and processors of crops and livestock. Repayment is primarily from the sale of an agricultural product or service. Farmland loans are secured by real property and are susceptible to changes in market demand for specific commodities. This may be exacerbated by, among other things, industry changes, changes in the individual financial capacity of the business owner, general economic conditions, and changes in business cycles, as well as adverse weather conditions. 
 Residential real estate and construction loans : As of December 31, 2022, we had 30.9 million in residential real estate and construction loans, representing 1.10 of total loans before deferred fees. Residential real estate loans are underwritten based upon income, credit history, and collateral. To monitor and manage residential loan risk, policies and procedures are developed and modified, as needed. We believe that this activity, coupled with relatively small loan amounts that are spread across many individual borrowers, minimizes risk. Underwriting standards for home loans are heavily influenced by statutory requirements, which include, but are not limited to, a maximum loan-to-value percentage, collection remedies, the number of such loans a borrower can have at one time, and documentation requirements. 
 Consumer and other loans : As of December 31, 2022, we had 28.6 million in consumer and other loans, representing 1.02 of total loans before deferred fees. We make a variety of loans in relatively small amounts to individuals for personal purposes, primarily for home repairs and improvements. Consumer loans are underwritten based on the individual borrower s income, current debt level, past credit history, and the value of any available collateral. The terms of consumer loans vary considerably based upon the loan type, nature of collateral, and size of the loan. The performance of consumer loans is affected by the local and regional economy as well as the rates of personal bankruptcies, job loss, divorce, and other individual-specific characteristics. We do not expect these consumer and other loans to make up a significant portion of our lending activity. 
 Lending Philosophy 
 In keeping with our mission of purpose-driven and integrity-centered banking, we seek credit arrangements that serve our local community and provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to us. We pursue our objectives and are mindful of liquidity, flexibility, and risk considerations by exercising controls on non-interest expenses and close management of our assets and liabilities. We periodically set guidelines aimed to maintain stability of our loan-to-deposit ratio, minimize past-due and non-accrual loans, and achieve an optimal loan mix and concentration. We seek well-margined and collateralized loan opportunities to borrowers with extensive professional asset operating experience. 
 Lending Policy and Procedures 
 We have established common documentation, policies, and standards for lending based on the type of loan. A thorough credit analysis precedes commercial and real estate loan decisions, and we follow well-established and proven procedures when approving consumer loans. 
 We have established a Management Loan Committee and a Director Loan Committee. Our Management Loan Committee is comprised of our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Credit Officer, certain other members of management, and select senior loan officers and is primarily responsible for day-to-day implementation and oversight of our loan approval procedures. Our board of directors approves, from time to time, a delegated lending authority to members of the Management Loan Committee. The amount of authority delegated to each member of the committee varies based on years of direct lending experience, responsibility, and performance, and the authority limits also vary by collateral type. 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 Although we have a diversified loan portfolio, a substantial portion is secured by commercial and residential real estate located in Northern California. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 60.87 of our real estate loans measured by dollar amount were secured by collateral located in California, a majority of which is in Northern California. Additionally, we have a high concentration of real estate related loans, which represented approximately 91.84 of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Although management believes such concentrations have no more than the normal risk of collectability, a substantial decline in the economy in general, or a decline in real estate values in our primary market in particular, could have an adverse impact on the collectability of these loans. Personal and business incomes represent the primary source of repayment for the majority of these loans. 
 5 

Deposit Products 
 Representing 93.53 of our total liabilities as of December 31, 2022, deposits are our primary source of funding for our business operations. As of December 31, 2022, we held 2.8 billion of total deposits, including 1.0 billion in non-interest-bearing deposits. 
 We offer a complete array of deposit products for small and medium-sized businesses, professionals, and individuals, including a variety of checking and savings accounts, time deposits, and money market accounts. We also provide a wide range of deposit services, including debit cards, remote deposit capture, online banking, mobile banking, and direct deposit services. 
 We obtain most of our deposits from individuals, small and medium-sized businesses, and municipalities in our market. We solicit deposits through our relationship-driven team of dedicated and accessible bankers and through community-focused marketing. We emphasize obtaining deposit relationships at loan origination. We provide a high level of customer service to our depositors. We have invested in personnel, business and compliance processes, and technology that enable us to acquire, and efficiently and effectively serve, a wide array of business deposit accounts, while continuing to provide the level of customer service for which we are known. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our 40 largest deposit relationships, each accounting for more than 10 million, totaled 1.5 billion, or 52.15 of our total deposits. This includes 602.0 million of our total deposits held by municipalities, of which we conduct a monthly review. Our management maintains our liquidity position and lines of credit with correspondent banks to mitigate the risk of large withdrawals by this group of large depositors. 
 
 Investment Securities 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our investment portfolio, which represented 3.71 of total assets, totaled 119.7 million and had an average effective yield of 2.14 and an estimated modified duration of approximately 6.7 years. The primary objectives of the investment portfolio are to provide a source of liquidity and provide collateral that can be readily sold or pledged for public deposits or other business purposes. At December 31, 2022, 51.17 and 35.22 of our investment portfolio consisted of mortgage-backed securities and obligations of states and political subdivisions, respectively. The remainder of our securities portfolio is invested in U.S. government agencies, collateralized mortgage obligations, and corporate bonds. We regularly evaluate the composition of our investment portfolio as the interest rate yield curve changes and may sell or pledge investment securities from time to time to adjust our exposure to interest rates or to provide liquidity to meet loan demand. Due to loan growth, we are holding the majority of our on-balance sheet liquidity in interest-bearing bank deposits to provide readily available funds for loan growth and deposit activities in the normal course of business for our existing clients. 
 
 Competition 
 The banking business is highly competitive, and we face strong competition from many other financial institutions and financial services providers. Our principal competitors are commercial and community banks, credit unions, savings and loan associations, mortgage banking firms and online mortgage lenders, and commercial and consumer finance companies, including large national financial institutions that operate in our market. Our profitability depends in large part upon our continued ability to successfully compete with these institutions for lending opportunities, deposit funds, financial products, bankers, and potential acquisition targets. 
 We conduct business through eight banking centers in our key market of Northern California. Many other commercial and community banks, savings institutions, credit unions, and other financial institutions maintain a physical presence in our primary market area, and some maintain only a virtual presence. Many of these competitors are larger than we are, have significantly more resources, greater brand recognition, and more extensive and established branch networks or geographic footprints than we do, and may be able to attract customers more effectively than we can. Because of their scale, many of these competitors can be more aggressive on loan and deposit pricing than we can and may better afford and make broader use of media advertising, support services, and electronic technology than we do. Also, many of our non-bank competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. To offset these competitive disadvantages, we concentrate marketing efforts in the local markets we service with local advertisements and personal contacts. We depend on our reputation of having greater personal service than our competitors, as well as consistency, flexibility, the ability to make credit and other business decisions quickly, and our deep knowledge of competitor strengths and weaknesses. 
 6 

Based on the FDIC Summary of Deposits as of June 30, 2022, Five Star ranks eighth in the Sacramento-Roseville-Folsom metropolitan statistical area MSA by deposit market share with deposits of 2.2 billion and four branches. As of June 30, 2022, total market deposits in the Sacramento-Roseville-Folsom MSA were 74.7 billion, of which 59.7 billion, or approximately 79.9 , is held by seven money center banks across 211 branches. We are the 52nd largest insured depository institution in California by deposits as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 Information Technology Systems 
 We have made, and continue to make, significant investments in our information technology systems and staff for our banking and lending operations and treasury management activities. We believe this investment will support our continued growth and enable us to enhance our capabilities to offer new products, improve overall customer experience, improve profitability through efficiencies, and provide scalability for future growth. We utilize nationally recognized software vendors and their cloud/hosted models, which allow us to outsource the processing of our data. Our internal network and e-mail systems are administered by a managed service provider specializing in financial institutions, and we maintain our production infrastructure in a data center facility near Reno, Nevada. This site provides for power and connectivity redundancy, and we maintain a disaster recovery program, including a cloud-based recovery environment. 
 The majority of our other systems, including our electronic funds transfer, transaction processing, and our online banking services are hosted by third-party service providers. The scalability of this infrastructure will support our growth strategy. In addition, the tested capability of these vendors to automatically switch over to standby systems should allow us to recover our systems and provide business continuity quickly in case of a disaster. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 We qualify as an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). An emerging growth company may take advantage of reduced reporting requirements and is relieved of certain other significant requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies. Among other factors, as an emerging growth company: 
 we may present only two years of audited financial statements and discuss only our results of operations for two years in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 we are exempt from the requirement to provide an opinion from our auditors on the design and operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 we may choose not to comply with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and our audited financial statements; 
 we are permitted to provide less extensive disclosure regarding our executive compensation arrangements pursuant to the rules applicable to smaller reporting companies, which means we are not required to include a compensation discussion and analysis and other disclosures regarding our executive compensation in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; and 
 we are not required to hold nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. 
 We may take advantage of these provisions for up to five years unless we earlier cease to qualify as an emerging growth company. We would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the first fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our IPO; (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are 1.07 billion or more; (iii) the date on which we have during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We have elected to adopt the reduced disclosure requirements described above regarding the number of periods for which we are providing audited financial statements and selected financial data, and our executive compensation arrangements. In addition, we take advantage of the reduced reporting and other requirements under the JOBS Act with respect to the periodic reports we file with the SEC and proxy statements that we use to solicit proxies from 
 7 

our shareholders. Accordingly, the information contained herein may be different than the information you receive from other public companies in which you invest. 
 The JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from compliance with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a registration statement declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or do not have a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of this extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. As such, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable with those of a public company that is not an emerging growth company, or those of a public company that is an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period, because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 
 Risk Management 
 We believe that effective risk management and control processes are critical to our safety and soundness, our ability to predict and manage the challenges that we face, and, ultimately, our long-term corporate success. Risk management refers to the activities by which we identify, measure, monitor, evaluate, and manage the risks we face in the course of our banking activities. These include liquidity, interest rate, credit, operational, compliance, regulatory, strategic, financial, and reputational risk exposures. Our board of directors, both directly and through its committees, is responsible for overseeing our risk management processes, including quarterly enterprise risk management assessments and annual assessments in the following areas: (i) cyber; (ii) Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 Bank Secrecy Act )/anti-money laundering; and (iii) third-party risk, with each of the committees of our board of directors assuming a different and important role in overseeing the management of the risks we face. 
 The Audit Committee of our board of directors is responsible for overseeing risks associated with financial matters (particularly financial reporting, accounting practices and policies, disclosure controls and procedures, and internal control over financial reporting). The Compensation Committee of our board of directors has primary responsibility for risks and exposures associated with our compensation policies, plans, and practices regarding executive compensation, board compensation, and our compensation structure generally. Our Compensation Committee, in conjunction with our President and Chief Executive Officer and other members of our management, as appropriate, reviews our incentive compensation arrangements to ensure these programs are consistent with applicable laws and regulations, including safety and soundness requirements, and do not encourage imprudent or excessive risk-taking by our employees. The Governance and Nominating Committee of our board of directors oversees risks associated with the independence of our board of directors and potential conflicts of interest. 
 Our senior management is responsible for implementing our risk management processes by assessing and managing the risks we face, including strategic, operational, regulatory, investment, and execution risks, on a day-to-day basis, and reporting to our board of directors regarding our risk management processes. Our senior management is also responsible for creating and recommending to our board of directors for approval appropriate risk appetite metrics reflecting the aggregate levels and types of risk we are willing to accept in connection with the operation of our business and pursuit of our business objectives. 
 The role of our board of directors in our risk oversight is consistent with our leadership structure, with our President and Chief Executive Officer and the other members of senior management having responsibility for assessing and managing our risk exposure, and our board of directors and its committees providing oversight in connection with those efforts. We believe this division of risk management responsibilities presents a consistent, systemic, and effective approach for identifying, managing, and mitigating risks throughout our operations. 
 
 Human Capital 
 To facilitate talent attraction and retention, we strive to create an inclusive, safe, and healthy workplace with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by strong compensation, benefits, and health and welfare programs. 
 8 

Employee Profile 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 178 full-time employees and six part-time employees. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good and have not experienced interruptions of operations due to labor disagreements. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We provide a competitive compensation and benefits program to help meet the needs of our employees. In addition to salaries, this program includes annual bonus opportunities, a 401(k) plan with an employer matching contribution, healthcare and insurance benefits, flexible spending accounts, paid time off and family leave, and an employee assistance program. 
 Learning and Development 
 We invest in the growth and development of our employees by providing a multi-dimensional approach to learning that empowers, intellectually grows, and professionally develops our colleagues under the leadership of a Director of Employee Engagement. We facilitate the educational and professional development of our employees through support to attend conferences and obtain degrees, licenses, and certifications while employed by us. 
 Commitment to Environmental, Social, and Governance 
 We are executing, and plan to scale-up, an Environmental, Social, and Governance strategy to drive positive change that focuses on environmental impacts of our business, social factors in the communities we serve, and the governance of our board of directors. 
 Environmental : Climate change impacts our customers, communities, employees, and shareholders. We are committed to developing policies and procedures that can contribute to reducing the effects of climate change, including funding customer business ventures that create a positive environmental impact through agriculture or technology. In 2021, we onboarded over 2,000 loans in a micro-loan program funding residential energy efficiency equipment. In 2022, we added to this program by onboarding an additional 43 loans. In 2022, we also made 209 Sustainable Home Improvement Loans through a program that supports sustainable investments in electrification to further reduce carbon emissions. Additionally, we equip customers with technology tools designed to reduce their carbon footprint by reducing in-branch customer visits. 
 We have taken steps designed to help reduce our own carbon footprint by utilizing e-signatures to conduct business to reduce paper consumption and encouraging our employees to work remotely, where possible. We recognize that reducing the effects of climate change and helping to drive the transformation of a lower carbon environment are ongoing efforts, and plan to continually seek out opportunities that can positively impact the effect that climate change has on the environment. 
 Social : We work to create positive social impacts in the communities in which our business operates, including by addressing food deserts, supporting affordable housing projects, and encouraging non-profit donations. As the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continue, including the emergence of new variants, we remain committed to employee and customer safety through robust alternative working arrangements and extensive safety measures. 
 Governance : The Governance and Nominating Committee is committed to diversity on our board of directors and compliance with applicable rules, regulations, and guidance regarding the composition of our leadership. Members of our board of directors represent diverse backgrounds, including diversity of race, ethnicity, gender, and other demographics. We are committed to ethical business practices and accounting transparency, as evidenced through our involvement in the community and results of examinations by regulators. 
 Dedication to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion DE I is essential in our workplace. We have a fully engaged Senior Vice President, Chief Operations Officer and Chief DE I Officer who leads our DE I efforts. Our Human Resources department is demonstrating a commitment to DE I through hiring practices and employee training. We are committed to ensuring that all employees feel a sense of belonging in the workplace and that processes and programs are impartial, fair, and provide 
 9 

equal opportunity for every individual. We also have a history of serving customers in the non-profit community who assist our region s most vulnerable, underserved, and underrepresented populations. 
 
 Available Information 
 The Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, proxy statements, current reports on Form 8-K, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and other filings with the SEC are available free of charge at https://investors.fivestarbank.com under the heading Financials Filings, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. These reports are also available for free on the SEC s website at https://www.sec.gov. The information contained on the Company s website as referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should not be considered a part of this report. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 General 
 Federal and state banking laws impose a comprehensive system of supervision, examination, regulation, and enforcement on the operations of insured banks and their holding companies. As a result, our growth, earnings performance, and operations may be affected by the requirements of federal and state statutes and by the regulations and policies of various bank regulatory agencies, including the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation (the DFPI ), the FDIC, the Federal Reserve, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ). Furthermore, tax laws administered by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS and state taxing authorities, accounting rules developed by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB ), securities laws administered by the SEC and state securities authorities, anti-money laundering laws enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury Department ), and SBA regulations with respect to small business loans, have an impact on our business. These statutes, regulations, and policies are continually under the review of the United States Congress and state legislatures, as well as federal and state regulatory agencies, and the nature and extent of future legislative, regulatory, or other developments affecting financial institutions are impossible to predict with any certainty. Supervision and regulation of banks, their holding companies, and affiliates is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and customers, the Deposit Insurance Fund (the DIF of the FDIC, and the U.S. banking and financial system, rather than holders of our capital stock. 
 The following is a summary of material elements of the regulatory and supervisory framework applicable to us and the Bank. It does not describe all of the statutes, regulations, and regulatory policies that apply, nor does it provide complete summaries of the statutes, regulations, and policies referenced therein. 
 Supervision and Regulation of the Company 
 We are a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act ). As a result, we are primarily subject to the supervision, examination, and reporting requirements of the BHC Act, Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDI Act ), the regulations of the Federal Reserve and FDIC, and certain of the requirements imposed by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act ). 
 Federal law subjects bank holding companies, such as the Company, to restrictions on the types of activities in which they may engage and to a range of supervisory requirements and activities, including regulatory enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations. Violations of laws and regulations, or other unsafe and unsound practices, may result in regulatory agencies imposing fines, penalties, or cease and desist orders, or taking other enforcement actions. Under certain circumstances, these agencies may enforce these remedies directly against officers, directors, employees, and other parties participating in the affairs of a bank or bank holding company. 
 Federal Oversight Over Mergers and Acquisitions, Investments, and Activities 
 The BHC Act requires a bank holding company to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before: (i) it may acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank if, after such acquisition, the bank holding company will directly or indirectly own or control 5.00 or more of the voting shares of the bank; (ii) it or any of its subsidiaries, other than a bank, may acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any bank; or (iii) it may merge or consolidate with any other bank holding company. 
 10 

Before approving any such transaction, the Federal Reserve is required by the BHC Act to consider a number of factors, including the transaction s competitive impact, the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the bank holding companies and banks concerned, the convenience and needs of the community to be served, and the effectiveness of the parties in combating money laundering activities. Provisions of the FDI Act known as the Bank Merger Act impose similar approval standards for an insured depository institution to merge with another insured depository institution or a non-insured institution. 
 The BHC Act, as amended by the interstate banking provisions of the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 (the Riegle-Neal Act ), permits us to acquire a bank located in any other state, regardless of state law to the contrary, subject to certain deposit percentage, aging requirements, and other restrictions. The Riegle-Neal Act also generally permits national- and state-chartered banks to branch interstate through acquisitions of banks in other states. Bank holding companies must be well-capitalized and well-managed to obtain federal bank regulatory approval of an interstate acquisition without regard to state law prohibiting the transaction. 
 The BHC Act also generally requires Federal Reserve approval for a bank holding company s acquisition of a company that is not an insured depository institution. Bank holding companies generally may engage, directly or indirectly, only in managing or controlling banks, and such other activities as are determined by the Federal Reserve to be closely related to banking, and certain other permissible nonbanking activities. Bank holding companies generally must notify the Federal Reserve before acquiring a company that is not an insured depository institution or engaging in a permissible nonbanking activity, and the Federal Reserve considers several factors in reviewing such a notice. The Federal Reserve may order a bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any of these activities or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary when it has reasonable cause to believe that the bank holding company s continued ownership, activity, or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness, or stability of it or any of its bank subsidiaries. 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the GLB Act allows a bank holding company that satisfies certain criteria to elect to become a financial holding company, which would allow such company to engage in activities that are financial in nature, incidental to such activities, or complementary to such activities. We have not elected financial holding company status. 
 The FDIC has the authority to approve applications by state non-member banks to establish de novo branches, including, under the Riegle-Neal Act, in states other than the bank s home state if the law of the state in which the branch is located, or is to be located, would permit establishment of the branch if the bank were a state bank chartered by that state. 
 Certain acquisitions of our voting stock may be subject to regulatory approval or notice under federal law. Investors are responsible for ensuring that they do not, directly or indirectly, acquire shares of our stock in excess of the amount that can be acquired without regulatory approval under the Change in Bank Control Act and the BHC Act, which prohibit any person or company from acquiring control of the Company without, in most cases, the prior written approval of the Federal Reserve. 
 Source of Strength 
 The FDI Act and Federal Reserve regulations require a bank holding company to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to its bank subsidiaries. As a result, a bank holding company may be expected to commit resources to support its bank subsidiary, including at times when the holding company may not be inclined or in a financial position to provide it. 
 Capital Adequacy 
 Bank holding companies and banks are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal and state bank regulatory agencies. Capital adequacy regulations and prompt corrective action regulations involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices, as well as qualitative judgments by the regulators about components of capital, risk-weightings, and other factors. United States capital regulations were substantially revised in 2013 as a result of changes in the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III capital rules. The Federal Reserve and the FDIC, the primary federal regulators of the Company and Bank, respectively, have substantially similar generally applicable risk-based capital ratio and leverage ratio requirements. 
 Historically, as a bank holding company with less than 3.0 billion in total consolidated assets and that met certain other criteria, we had been operating under the Federal Reserve s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement, which exempts bank holding companies with assets of less than 3.0 billion that are not engaged in significant nonbanking 
 11 

activities, do not conduct significant off-balance sheet activities, and do not have a material amount of debt or equity securities registered with the SEC from the Federal Reserve s generally applicable risk-based capital ratio and leverage ratio requirements. 
 Because the Company's total consolidated assets exceeded the 3.0 billion threshold as of September 30, 2022, the Company is no longer subject to this policy statement and its capital adequacy will be evaluated relative to the Federal Reserve's generally applicable capital requirements. A bank holding company that crosses the 3.0 billion total consolidated assets threshold as of June 30 of a particular year is no longer permitted to file reports as a small holding company beginning the following March. The Company's total consolidated assets were not in excess of 3.0 billion as of June 30, 2022, and so, accordingly, it has prepared and filed financial reports with the Federal Reserve as a small holding company. If the Company's total consolidated assets remain in excess of 3.0 billion as of June 30, 2023, then starting in March 2024, the Company will cease filing financial reports with the Federal Reserve as though it were a small holding company. 
 Under the generally applicable capital requirements of the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, the Company and the Bank are required to meet a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 7.00 (a minimum of 4.50 plus a capital conservation buffer of 2.50 ), a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 8.50 (a minimum of 6.00 plus a capital conservation buffer of 2.50 ), a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 10.50 (a minimum of 8.00 plus a capital conservation buffer of 2.50 ), and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 4.00 . In addition, insured depository institutions such as the Bank, unlike bank holding companies, are subject to further capital requirements to be deemed well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDI Act and implementing regulations of the federal banking agencies, as described in the section entitled Supervision and Regulation of the Bank Prompt Corrective Action below. 
 For purposes of calculating the denominator of the risk-based capital ratios, a banking institution s assets and some of its specified off-balance sheet commitments and obligations are assigned to various risk categories. For purposes of calculating the numerator of the capital ratios, capital, at both the holding company and bank levels, is classified in one of three tiers depending on the quality and loss-absorbing features of the capital instrument. Common equity Tier 1 capital is predominantly comprised of common stock instruments (including related surplus) and retained earnings, net of treasury stock, and after making necessary capital deductions and adjustments. Tier 1 capital is comprised of common equity Tier 1 capital and additional Tier 1 capital, which includes non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and similar instruments meeting specified eligibility criteria (including related surplus). Total capital is comprised of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital, which includes certain subordinated debt with a minimum original maturity of five years (including related surplus) and a limited amount of allowance for loan losses. Newly issued trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock may not be included in Tier 1 capital, but generally may be included in Tier 2 capital, provided they do not include features that are disallowed by the capital rules, such as the acceleration of principal other than in the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency, or receivership of the issuer. 
 Failure to meet minimum capital requirements could subject a banking organization to a variety of enforcement remedies. A banking organization s failure to exceed the capital conservation buffer with common equity Tier 1 capital would result in limitations on the banking organization s ability to make capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. 
 At December 31, 2022, common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital, and total capital of the Company on a consolidated basis equaled 8.99 , 8.99 , and 12.46 of its total risk-weighted assets, respectively, and its Tier 1 leverage ratio on a consolidated basis was 8.60 . At December 31, 2022, the Bank exceeded its minimum capital requirements with common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital, and total capital equal to 11.17 , 11.17 , and 12.14 of its total risk-weighted assets, respectively, and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 10.69 . As a result, the Bank was well-capitalized for prompt corrective action purposes based on the ratios and guidelines described below. 
 Payment of Dividends and Stock Repurchases 
 The Company is limited in its ability to pay dividends or repurchase its stock by the Federal Reserve, including if doing so would be an unsafe or unsound banking practice. When a bank holding company intends to declare or pay a dividend that could raise safety and soundness concerns, it generally will be required to inform and consult with the Federal Reserve in advance. It is the policy of the Federal Reserve that a bank holding company should generally pay dividends on common stock only out of earnings, and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition. Additionally, bank holding companies should inform and consult with the Federal Reserve in advance of declaring and paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period for which the 
 12 

dividend is being paid. We consulted the Federal Reserve in advance of our distribution of 27.0 million to our S Corporation shareholders, which exceeded earnings for the period for which the dividend was paid, from our federal Accumulated Adjustments Account in 2021. 
 According to guidance from the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company s dividend policies will be assessed against, among other things, its ability to achieve applicable capital ratio requirements. If a bank holding company does not achieve applicable capital ratio requirements, it may not be able to pay dividends. 
 A bank holding company is also required to give the Federal Reserve prior written notice before purchasing or redeeming its equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when aggregated with the net consideration paid by the Company for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding twelve months, is equal to 10.00 or more of the Company s consolidated net worth. The Federal Reserve may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve order, or any condition imposed by or written agreement with the Federal Reserve. This prior notice requirement does not apply to any bank holding company that meets certain well-capitalized and well-managed standards and is not the subject of any unresolved supervisory issues. 
 In addition, a bank holding company is required to consult with the Federal Reserve before redeeming any equity or other capital instrument included in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital prior to stated maturity if such redemption could have a material effect on the level or composition of the organization s capital base. 
 Examinations 
 Bank holding companies and banks are subject to regular examination by their respective regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and ratings that, while not publicly available, can impact the conduct and growth of their businesses. These examinations may consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also capital levels, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity, sensitivity to market risk, and various other factors. The regulatory agencies generally have broad authority to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity when an agency determines, among other things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law, or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations or with the supervisory policies of these agencies. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Initiatives and Sanctions Compliance 
 The Company and Bank are subject to extensive regulations aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act substantially broadened the scope of U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations by imposing significant compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and penalties, and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. Treasury Department regulations implementing the Patriot Act impose obligations on financial institutions to maintain appropriate policies, procedures, and controls to detect, prevent, and report money laundering and terrorist financing and to verify the identity of their customers. In addition, the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (the AML Act ), enacted in January 2021, includes the most substantial changes to U.S. anti-money laundering law since the Patriot Act. Among other things, the AML Act creates new beneficial ownership reporting requirements for certain entities doing business in the United States, requires the Treasury Department s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network to establish national anti-money laundering priorities and combating the financing of terrorism priorities, increases anti-money laundering whistleblower awards and expands whistleblower protections, and enhances penalties for Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering violations. Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and financial consequences for the institution. 
 The Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC is responsible for helping to ensure that U.S. entities do not engage in transactions with certain prohibited parties, as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts of Congress. OFAC publishes lists of persons, organizations, and countries suspected of aiding, harboring, or engaging in terrorist acts, known as Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. OFAC administers and enforces applicable economic and trade sanctions programs. These sanctions are usually targeted against foreign countries, terrorists, international narcotics traffickers, and those believed to be involved in the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. These regulations generally require either the blocking of accounts or other property of specified entities or individuals, but they may also require the rejection of certain transactions involving specified entities or individuals. The Company 
 13 

maintains policies, procedures, and other internal controls designed to comply with anti-money laundering requirements and sanctions programs. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act represents a comprehensive revision of laws affecting corporate governance, accounting obligations, and corporate reporting. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act is applicable to all companies with equity securities registered, or that file reports, under the Exchange Act. In particular, the act established: (i) requirements for audit committees, including independence, expertise, and responsibilities (ii) responsibilities regarding financial statements for the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the reporting company and new requirements for them to certify the accuracy of periodic reports (iii) standards for auditors and regulation of audits (iv) disclosure and reporting obligations for the reporting company and its directors and executive officers and (v) civil and criminal penalties for violations of the federal securities laws. The legislation also established a new accounting oversight board to enforce auditing standards and restrict the scope of services that accounting firms may provide to their publicly traded company audit clients. 
 Supervision and Regulation of the Bank 
 The Bank is a commercial bank chartered under the laws of the state of California and is primarily subject to the supervision, examination, and reporting requirements of the FDIC and the DFPI. Almost every area of the operations and financial condition of the Bank is subject to extensive regulation and supervision and to various requirements and restrictions under federal and state law, including loans, reserves, investments, issuance of securities, establishment of branches, capital adequacy, liquidity, earnings, dividends, management practices, and the provision of services. The FDIC and the DFPI regularly examine the Bank s operations and have the authority to approve or disapprove mergers, the establishment of branches, and similar corporate actions. Both regulatory agencies have the power to take enforcement action to prevent the development or continuance of unsafe or unsound banking practices or other violations of law. The Bank is subject to supervision, examination, enforcement, and reporting requirements under the FDI Act, the California Financial Code, regulations of the FDIC and DFPI, and certain of the requirements imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act. The Company and the Bank are also subject to a wide range of consumer protection laws and regulations. 
 California Law 
 California law governs the chartering and regulation of California commercial banks like ours, including organizational and capital requirements, fiduciary powers, investment authority, banking offices and electronic terminals, declaration of dividends, changes of control and mergers, out of state activities, interstate branching and banking, debt offerings, borrowing limits, and limits on loans to one borrower. The DFPI is charged with the Bank s supervision and regulation. The DFPI may take possession of a bank if certain conditions exist, such as insufficient shareholders equity, unsafe or unauthorized operations, or violations of law. 
 Under California law, we may engage in the general business of banking, including, but not limited to, accepting deposits, making secured and unsecured loans, purchasing and holding real property for our own use, and issuing, advising, and confirming letters of credit. The amount a bank generally may borrow may not exceed the amount of its shareholders equity without the consent of the DFPI. 
 Restrictions on Lending, Insider Transactions, and Affiliate Transactions 
 California law limits California banks in the amount they may lend to one borrower and the amount they may lend to insiders. Under California law, with limited exceptions, unsecured loans to one person may not exceed 15.00 of the sum of a bank s shareholders equity, allowance for loan losses, capital notes, and debentures. Additionally, both secured and unsecured loans to one person (excluding certain secured lending and letters of credit) at any given time generally may not exceed 25.00 of the sum of a bank s shareholders equity, allowance for loan losses, capital notes, and debentures. 
 Section 22(g) of the Federal Reserve Act, as implemented by the Federal Reserve s Regulation O, governs and restricts extensions of credit by a member bank to an executive officer, director, or principal shareholder of the bank and its affiliates. By making these provisions applicable to state non-member banks, the FDI Act and FDIC regulations impose these restrictions on the Bank s purchases or sales of assets from insiders of the Bank and the Company. Additionally, California law imposes insider lending limits that are similar to the restrictions of the Federal Reserve s Regulation O. 
 14 

Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, which the FDI Act makes applicable to a state non-member bank like ours in the same manner and to the same extent as if it were a member bank, establish parameters for an insured bank to conduct covered transactions with its affiliates, generally: (i) limiting the extent to which the bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to an amount not greater than 10.00 of the bank s capital stock and surplus, and limiting the aggregate of all such transactions with all affiliates to an amount not greater than 20.00 of the bank s capital stock and surplus; and (ii) requiring that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable, to the bank or subsidiary as those that would be provided to a non-affiliate. In addition, an insured bank s loans to affiliates generally must be fully collateralized. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans to the affiliate, purchase of assets from the affiliate, issuance of a guarantee on behalf of the affiliate, and several other types of transactions. 
 Concentrations in Lending 
 In 2006, the federal bank regulatory agencies released guidance advising financial institutions of the risks posed by commercial real estate lending concentrations and reinforcing that financial institutions should implement sound risk management processes to identify, monitor, and control risks associated with commercial real estate concentrations. Higher allowances for loan losses and capital levels may also be required. The commercial real estate guidance provides that further supervisory analysis of an institution s commercial real estate loan concentrations is warranted when its concentrations exceed either: (i) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land of 100.00 or more of a bank s total risk-based capital; or (ii) total reported loans secured by multifamily and non-farm non-residential properties and loans for construction, land development, and other land of 300.00 or more of a bank s total risk-based capital, where the outstanding balance of the institution s commercial real estate portfolio has also increased by 50.00 or more during the prior 36 months. We have exposures to loans secured by commercial real estate due to the nature of our market and the loan needs of both our retail and commercial customers. We believe that our long-term experience in commercial real estate lending, underwriting policies, internal controls, and other policies currently in place, as well as our loan and credit monitoring and administration procedures, are generally appropriate to managing our concentrations as required under the commercial real estate guidance. 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 The FDI Act identifies five capital categories for insured depository institutions: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. Under the banking agencies prompt corrective action framework, an insured depository institution is subject to differential regulation corresponding to the capital category within which the institution falls. For an insured depository institution to be well-capitalized under this framework, it must have a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.50 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 8.00 , a total capital ratio of at least 10.00 , and a leverage ratio of at least 5.00 , and must not be subject to any written agreement, order or capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive issued by its primary federal or state banking regulator to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. These limitations apply to the Bank, and not to the Company on a standalone basis. 
 The FDI Act requires the federal banking agencies to take prompt corrective action whenever an insured depository institution does not meet minimum capital requirements. Failure to meet the capital guidelines could also subject an insured depository institution to capital raising requirements. In addition, an insured depository institution is generally prohibited from making capital distributions, including paying dividends or paying management fees to a holding company, if the institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. Finally, failure to meet statutorily mandated capital guidelines or more restrictive ratios separately established for an insured depository institution could subject the institution to a variety of enforcement remedies available to federal regulatory authorities, including issuance of a capital directive, the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, a prohibition on accepting or renewing brokered deposits, limitations on the rates of interest that the institution may pay on its deposits, and other restrictions on its business. 
 The FDI Act also requires the federal banking agencies to prescribe certain noncapital standards for safety and soundness relating generally to operations and management, asset quality, and executive compensation, and permits regulatory action against an insured depository institution that does not meet such standards. 
 Payment of Dividends 
 The principal source of the Company s cash flow is dividends from the Bank. There are various legal and regulatory provisions that limit the amount of dividends the Bank can pay to the Company without regulatory approval. Under the 
 15 

California Financial Code, the Bank may not make any distribution to shareholders that exceeds the lesser of its retained earnings or its net income for the last three fiscal years, less the amount of any distributions made by the Bank to shareholders of the Bank during such period. However, with prior approval of the DFPI, the Bank may make a distribution to shareholders that exceeds such amounts, subject to limits set forth in the California Financial Code. Moreover, an institution s failure to exceed the capital conservation buffer set forth in the federal banking agencies capital rules with common equity Tier 1 capital would result in limitations on an institution s ability to make capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. In addition, an insured depository institution is generally prohibited from making capital distributions, including paying dividends or paying management fees to a holding company, if the institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. Finally, the FDI Act prohibits an insured depository institution from paying dividends on its capital stock if it is in default of its payment of deposit insurance assessments to the FDIC. 
 Reserve Requirements 
 Federal Reserve rules require depository institutions, such as the Bank, to maintain reserves against their transaction accounts. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Reserve reduced reserve requirement ratios to 0.00 effective March 26, 2020. Increases to the reserve requirement would decrease the amount of the Bank s assets that it may make available for lending and investment activities. Currently, the Federal Reserve has no plans to re-impose reserve requirements. However, the Federal Reserve may adjust reserve requirement ratios in the future if conditions warrant. Balances maintained by or on behalf of depository institutions in accounts at Reserve Banks continue to receive interest when reserve requirement ratios are set to 0.00 . All balances earned the interest on excess reserves rate through July 28, 2021. Thereafter, all balances earn the Interest on Reserve Balances (the IORB rate. The IORB rate is the rate of interest paid by the Federal Reserve Bank on balances maintained by or on behalf of an eligible institution in an account at a Federal Reserve Bank. The Board of Governors votes on the level of the IORB rate at each Federal Open Market Committee meeting that is consistent with the announced monetary policy stance. The amount of interest on reserve balances is calculated by multiplying the IORB rate on a day by the end of day balance maintained in an account on that day. 
 Consumer Protection Laws 
 While consumer lending is not currently a significant focus of our business, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to protect consumers, in addition to those discussed above, when lending or offering deposit products to consumers. These laws include, among others: the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Act, the GLB Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Right to Financial Privacy Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, laws regarding unfair and deceptive acts and practices, and usury laws. Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act created the CFPB, which has authority to issue regulations prohibiting unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices. 
 Many states and local jurisdictions have consumer protection laws analogous, and in addition to, those listed above. These include, for instance, the California Unfair Competition Law, which broadly prohibits any unlawful, unfair, or fraudulent business act or practice, and false, deceptive, or misleading advertising. Violations of applicable consumer protection laws can result in significant potential liability, including actual damages, restitution, and injunctive relief, from litigation brought by customers, state attorneys general, and other plaintiffs, as well as enforcement actions by banking regulators. 
 Financial Privacy Laws 
 The GLB Act and California Consumer Privacy Act impose requirements related to the privacy of customer financial information. Among other things, these laws require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a nonaffiliated third party. The California Consumer Privacy Act grants California residents the rights to know about personal information collected about them, to delete certain of this personal information, to opt out of the sale of personal information, and to non-discrimination for exercising these rights. The privacy provisions of these laws may affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial companies and conveyed to outside vendors. 
 Branching 
 Under California law, the Bank may open branch offices throughout California with the prior approval of the DFPI. In addition, with prior DFPI approval, the Bank may acquire branches of existing banks located in California. Under federal 
 16 

law, the Bank may establish branch offices with the prior approval of the FDIC. Federal law allows a bank to branch into a new state through the establishment of a new branch if, among other factors, the bank is well-managed and well-capitalized and, under the laws of the state in which the branch is to be located, a state bank chartered by that state would be permitted to establish the branch. 
 FDIC Deposit Insurance Assessments 
 The deposits of the Bank are insured by the DIF as administered by the FDIC and, accordingly, are subject to deposit insurance assessments to maintain the DIF at minimum levels required by statute. The Dodd-Frank Act increased the minimum reserve ratio requirement for the DIF to 1.35 of total estimated insured deposits or the comparable percentage of the deposit assessment base. Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the amount of total estimated insured deposits has grown very rapidly while the funds in the DIF grew at a normal rate. As a result, the DIF reserve ratio fell to below the statutory minimum of 1.35 . The FDIC adopted a restoration plan in September 2020, which it amended in June 2022, to restore the DIF reserve ratio to at least 1.35 by September 30, 2028. On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rates for insured depository institutions by two basis points, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The increased assessment rate schedules will remain in effect unless and until the reserve ratio of the DIF meets or exceeds 2.00 . As a result of the new rule, the FDIC insurance costs of insured depository institutions, including the Bank, will generally increase. 
 The FDIC uses a risk-based assessment system that imposes insurance premiums as determined by multiplying an insured bank s assessment base by its assessment rate. A bank s deposit insurance assessment base is generally equal to its total assets minus its average tangible equity during the assessment period. For a depository institution that has been insured for more than five years and that has total consolidated assets of less than 10.0 billion, such as the Bank, the FDIC determines the assessment rate within a range of base assessment rates based on the bank s CAMELS composite rating, considering other factors and adjustments. The CAMELS rating system is a supervisory rating system developed to classify a bank s overall condition by considering capital adequacy, assets, management capability, earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity to market and interest rate risk. 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that a bank has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, or condition imposed by the bank s federal regulatory agency. In addition, the FDI Act provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution, including those of its parent bank holding company. 
 Community Reinvestment Act CRA 
 The CRA requires that, in connection with examinations of insured depository institutions within their respective jurisdictions, the federal banking agencies must evaluate the record of each financial institution in meeting the credit needs of its local community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. A bank s CRA performance is also considered in evaluating applications seeking approval for mergers, acquisitions, and new offices or facilities, and a CRA rating of less than Satisfactory may adversely affect the ability of a bank or its parent company to engage in such transactions. The FDIC s evaluation of the Bank s record of performance under the CRA is publicly available. The FDIC s CRA regulations provide that a bank may elect to have its CRA performance evaluated under a strategic plan. This option enables a bank to structure its CRA goals and objectives to address the needs of its community consistent with its business strategy, operational focus, capacity, and constraints. The Bank operated under a CRA Strategic Plan approved by the FDIC for the years 2019-2021 and received a rating of Satisfactory at its most recent CRA evaluation, dated as of May 3, 2021. 
 On May 5, 2022, the federal banking agencies issued a proposed rule that would substantially revise how they evaluate an insured depository institution's record of satisfying the credit needs of its entire communities, including low- and moderate-income individuals and neighborhoods, under the CRA. If this rule is finalized as proposed, it may become more challenging and/or costly for the Bank to achieve an Outstanding or Satisfactory CRA rating, which could negatively impact our ability to obtain regulatory approval for an acquisition. 
 17 

Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco FHLB Membership 
 The Bank is a member of the FHLB, which is one of 12 regional Federal Home Loan Banks that administer the home financing credit function of banking institutions. Each Federal Home Loan Bank is funded primarily from proceeds derived from the sale of consolidated obligations of the Federal Home Loan Bank system and makes advances to members in accordance with policies and procedures established by the Board of Directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank and subject to the oversight of the Federal Housing Finance Agency. All advances from a Federal Home Loan Bank are required to be fully secured by sufficient collateral as determined by the Federal Home Loan Bank. In addition, all long-term advances are required to provide funds for residential home financing. 
 Cybersecurity 
 Federal banking agencies pay close attention to the cybersecurity practices of banks and their holding companies and affiliates. The interagency council of the agencies, the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (the FFIEC ), has issued several policy statements and other guidance for banks as new cybersecurity threats arise. The FFIEC has recently focused on such matters as compromised customer credentials and business continuity planning. Examinations by the banking agencies now include review of an institution s information technology and its ability to thwart cyberattacks. 
 Banking organizations are required to notify their primary federal regulator of significant computer security incidents within 36 hours of determining that such an incident has occurred. 
 Limitations on Incentive Compensation 
 In April 2016, the Federal Reserve and other federal financial agencies re-proposed restrictions on incentive-based compensation pursuant to Section 956 of the Dodd-Frank Act for financial institutions with 1.0 billion or more in total consolidated assets. For institutions with at least 1.0 billion but less than 50.0 billion in total consolidated assets, the proposal would impose principles-based restrictions that are broadly consistent with existing interagency guidance on incentive-based compensation. Such institutions would be prohibited from entering into incentive compensation arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by the institution: (i) by providing an executive officer, employee, director, or principal shareholder with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits; or (ii) that could lead to material financial loss to the institution. The proposal would also impose certain governance and recordkeeping requirements on institutions covered by the rule. Whether or when the agencies will finalize the proposal is uncertain. 
 
 Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act 
 Beginning with the CARES Act in March 2020, the federal government enacted a series of federal statutes creating, funding, and expanding wide-ranging economic relief for individuals and businesses impacted by COVID-19. Among other things, these statutes created and funded the PPP, a stimulus response to the economic impacts of the pandemic designed to provide forgivable loans to smaller businesses, non-profit organizations, and other eligible borrowers that used the proceeds of the loans for payroll and certain other qualifying expenses. The SBA manages the PPP and guarantees PPP loans. If a loan is fully forgiven, the SBA will repay the lending bank in full. If a loan is partially forgiven or not forgiven at all, a bank must look to the borrower for repayment of unforgiven principal and interest. If the borrower defaults, the loan is guaranteed by the SBA. As of December 31, 2022, we had provided approximately 377.4 million in PPP loans to more than 1,500 new and existing customers, which were all forgiven or paid off. 
 The CARES Act, as amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, also specified that COVID-19-related loan modifications executed during the course of the COVID-19 pandemic on loans that were current as of December 31, 2019 are not troubled debt restructurings TDRs ). Federal banking agency guidance further clarified the accounting treatment of such modifications. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Certain factors may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should carefully consider the following risks, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our financial statements and the related notes thereto. Any of the following risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, which would cause you to lose all or part of 
 18 

your investment. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 The most significant risks that may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations are summarized below. 
 Our business and operations are concentrated in Northern California, and we are sensitive to adverse changes in the local economy. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market and face increasing competition from traditional and new financial services providers. 
 We are subject to the various risks associated with our banking business and operations, including, among others, credit, market, liquidity, interest rate, and compliance risks, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations if we are unable to manage such risks. 
 We may be unable to effectively manage our growth, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry, and current regulatory requirements, including stringent capital requirements, consumer protection laws, and anti-money laundering laws, and failure to comply with these requirements and any future legislative and regulatory changes may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to laws regarding privacy, information security, and protection of personal information, and any violation of these laws or incidents involving personal, confidential, or proprietary information of individuals, including, among others, system failures or cybersecurity breaches of our network security, could damage our reputation and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our charter documents contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover and exclusive forum provisions, that limit the ability of our shareholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that shareholders may consider favorable. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Our business and operations are concentrated in California, specifically Northern California, and we are more sensitive than our more geographically diversified competitors to adverse changes in the local economy. 
 Unlike many of our larger competitors that maintain significant operations located outside our market, substantially all of our customers are individuals and businesses located and doing business in the state of California. As of December 31, 2022, approximately more than half of our real estate loans measured by dollar amount were secured by collateral located in California, substantially all of which is in Northern California. Therefore, our success will depend upon the general economic conditions and real estate activity in these areas, which we cannot predict with certainty. As a result, our operations and profitability may be more adversely affected by a local economic downturn than those of larger, more geographically diverse competitors. A downturn in the local economy could make it more difficult for our borrowers to repay their loans, may lead to loan losses that are not offset by operations in other markets, and may also reduce the ability of depositors to make or maintain deposits with us. In addition, businesses operating in Northern California, and Sacramento in particular, depend on California state government employees for business, and reduced spending activity by such employees in the event of furloughing or termination of such employees could have an adverse impact on the success or failure of these businesses, some of which are current or could become future customers of the Bank. For these reasons, any regional or local economic downturn could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 19 

The small to medium-sized businesses to which we lend may have fewer resources to weather adverse business developments, which may impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan. 
 We target our business development and marketing strategy primarily to serve the banking and financial services needs of small to medium-sized businesses. These businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities, frequently have smaller market shares than their competition, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, often need substantial additional capital to expand or compete, and may experience substantial volatility in operating results, any of which may impair their ability as a borrower to repay a loan. In addition, the success of small and medium-sized businesses often depends on the management skills, talents, and efforts of one or two people or a small group of people, and the death, disability, or resignation of one or more of these people could have an adverse impact on the business and its ability to repay its loan. If general economic conditions negatively impact the markets in which we operate or any of our borrowers are otherwise affected by adverse business developments, our small to medium-sized borrowers may be disproportionately affected and their ability to repay outstanding loans may be negatively affected, resulting in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business is significantly dependent on the real estate markets in which we operate, as a significant percentage of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, a significant majority of our loan portfolio was comprised of loans with real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral, with a majority of these real estate loans concentrated in Northern California. Real property values in our market may be different from, and in some instances worse than, real property values in other markets or in the United States as a whole and may be affected by a variety of factors outside of our control and the control of our borrowers, including national and local economic conditions, generally. Declines in real estate values, including prices for homes and commercial properties, could result in a deterioration of the credit quality of our borrowers, an increase in the number of loan delinquencies, defaults, and charge-offs, and reduced demand for our products and services, generally. Our commercial real estate loans may have a greater risk of loss than residential mortgage loans, in part because these loans are generally larger or more complex to underwrite. In particular, real estate construction and acquisition and development loans have risks not present in other types of loans, including risks associated with construction cost overruns, project completion risk, general contractor credit risk, and risks associated with the ultimate sale or use of the completed construction. In addition, declines in real property values in California could reduce the value of any collateral we realize following a default on these loans and could adversely affect our ability to continue to grow our loan portfolio consistent with our underwriting standards. We may have to foreclose on real estate assets if borrowers default on their loans, in which case we are required to record the related asset to the then-fair market value of the collateral, which may ultimately result in a loss. An increase in the level of nonperforming assets increases our risk profile and may affect the capital levels regulators believe are appropriate in light of the ensuing risk profile. Our failure to effectively mitigate these risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to interest rate risk, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 Our profitability, like that of most financial institutions of our type, depends to a large extent on our net interest income, which is the difference between our interest income on interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and our interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Changes in interest rates can increase or decrease our net interest income because different types of assets and liabilities may react differently, and at different times, to market interest rate changes. 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the Federal Reserve, which has raised interest rates significantly in 2022 and has suggested it may raise rates further in 2023. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest we receive on loans and securities and the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities, and the average duration of our assets and liabilities. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, our net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. Any substantial, unexpected, or prolonged change in market interest rates could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, significant portions of our interest-bearing liabilities were variable rate, where our variable rate liabilities reprice at a faster rate than our variable rate assets. 
 20 

In addition, an increase in interest rates could also have a negative impact on our results of operations by reducing the demand for loans, decreasing the ability of borrowers to repay their current loan obligations, and increasing early withdrawals on term deposits. These circumstances could not only result in increased loan defaults, foreclosures, and charge-offs, but also reduce collateral values and necessitate further increases to the allowance for loan losses, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The Federal Reserve has indicated that it expects to continue to raise the target range for the federal funds rate. In contrast, a decrease in the general level of interest rates, such as the Federal Reserve s sharp reduction in interest rates in response to the economic and financial effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, may affect us through, among other things, increased prepayments on our loan portfolio, and our cost of funds may not fall as quickly as yields on interest-earning assets. Our asset-liability management strategy may not be effective in mitigating exposure to the risks related to changes in market interest rates. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market and face increasing competition from a variety of traditional and new financial services providers. 
 We have many competitors. Our principal competitors are commercial and community banks, credit unions, savings and loan associations, mortgage banking firms and online mortgage lenders, and commercial and consumer finance companies, including large national financial institutions that operate in our market. Many of these competitors are larger than we are, have significantly more resources, greater brand recognition, and more extensive and established branch networks or geographic footprints than we do, and may be able to attract customers more effectively than we can. Because of their scale, many of these competitors can be more aggressive on loan and deposit pricing than we can and may better afford and make broader use of media advertising, support services, and electronic technology than we do. Also, many of our non-bank competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. We compete with these other financial institutions both in attracting deposits and making loans. We expect competition to continue to increase as a result of legislative, regulatory, and technological changes, the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry, and the emergence of alternative banking sources. Our profitability in large part depends upon our continued ability to compete successfully with traditional and new financial services providers, some of which maintain a physical presence in our market and others of which maintain only a virtual presence. Increased competition could require us to increase the rates we pay on deposits or lower the rates that we offer on loans, which could reduce our profitability. 
 Additionally, like many of our competitors, we rely on customer deposits as our primary source of funding for our lending activities, and we continue to seek and compete for customer deposits to maintain this funding base. Our future growth will largely depend on our ability to retain and grow our deposit base. Although we have historically maintained a high deposit customer retention rate, these deposits are subject to potentially dramatic fluctuations in availability or price due to certain factors outside of our control, such as increasing competitive pressures for deposits, changes in interest rates and returns on other investment classes, customer perceptions of our financial health and general reputation, and a loss of confidence by customers in us or the banking sector generally, which could result in significant outflows of deposits within short periods of time or significant changes in pricing necessary to maintain current customer deposits or attract additional deposits. Additionally, any such loss of funds could result in lower loan originations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our failure to compete effectively in our market could restrain our growth or cause us to lose market share, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Failure to keep up with the rapid technological changes in the financial services industry could have an adverse effect on our competitive position and profitability. 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes, with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements than we do. We may not be able to implement new technology-driven products and services effectively or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to keep pace successfully with technological change affecting the financial services industry could harm our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As these technologies improve in the future, we may be required to make significant capital expenditures in order to remain competitive, which may increase our overall expenses and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 21 

We are dependent on the use of data and modeling in both our management s decision-making generally and in meeting regulatory expectations in particular. 
 The use of statistical and quantitative models and other quantitatively based analyses is endemic to bank decision making and regulatory compliance processes, and the employment of such analyses is becoming increasingly widespread in our operations. Liquidity stress testing, interest rate sensitivity analysis, allowance for loan loss measurement, portfolio stress testing, and the identification of possible violations of anti-money laundering regulations are examples of areas in which we are dependent on models and the data that underlie them. We anticipate that model-derived insights will be used more widely in our decision making in the future. While these quantitative techniques and approaches improve our decision making, they also create the possibility that faulty data or flawed quantitative approaches could yield adverse outcomes or regulatory scrutiny. Secondarily, because of the complexity inherent in these approaches, misunderstanding or misuse of their outputs could similarly result in suboptimal decision making, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to measure and limit our credit risk adequately, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 Our business depends on our ability to successfully measure and manage credit risk. As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that the principal of, or interest on, a loan will not be paid timely or at all or that the value of any collateral supporting a loan will be insufficient to cover our outstanding exposure. In addition, we are exposed to risks with respect to the period of time over which the loan may be repaid, risks relating to proper loan underwriting, risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions, and risks inherent in dealing with individual loans and borrowers. The creditworthiness of a borrower is affected by many factors, including local market conditions and general economic conditions. Many of our loans are made to small to medium-sized businesses that are less able to withstand competitive, economic, and financial pressures than larger borrowers. If the overall economic climate in the United States, generally, or in our market specifically, experiences material disruption, including due to any continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, our borrowers may experience difficulties in repaying their loans, the collateral we hold may decrease in value or become illiquid, and the level of nonperforming loans, charge-offs, and delinquencies could rise and require significant additional provisions for loan losses. Additional factors related to the credit quality of multifamily residential, real estate construction, and other commercial real estate loans include the quality of management of the business and tenant vacancy rates. 
 Our risk management practices, such as monitoring the concentration of our loans within specific markets and our credit approval, review, and administrative practices, may not adequately reduce credit risk, and our credit administration personnel, policies, and procedures may not adequately adapt to changes in economic or any other conditions affecting customers and the quality of the loan portfolio. A failure to effectively measure and limit the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio may result in loan defaults, foreclosures, and additional charge-offs, and may necessitate that we significantly increase our allowance for loan losses, each of which could adversely affect our net income. As a result, our inability to successfully manage credit risk could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are exposed to higher credit risk and other risk and costs by our commercial real estate, commercial land and construction, commercial construction, farmland loans and other real estate assets. 
 Commercial real estate, commercial land and construction, commercial construction, and farmland-based lending, which form significant portions of our loan portfolio usually involve higher credit risks than other types of mortgage loans. These types of loans also involve larger loan balances to a single borrower or groups of related borrowers. These higher credit risks are further heightened when the loans are concentrated in a small number of larger borrowers leading to relationship exposure. 
 Non-owner-occupied commercial real estate loans may be affected to a greater extent than residential loans by adverse conditions in real estate markets or the economy because commercial real estate borrowers ability to repay their loans depends on successful development of their properties, in addition to the factors affecting residential real estate borrowers. These loans also involve greater risk because they generally are not fully amortizing over the loan period but have a balloon payment due at maturity. A borrower s ability to make a balloon payment typically will depend on being able to either refinance the loan or sell the underlying property in a timely manner. 
 Banking regulators closely supervise banks commercial real estate lending activities and may require banks with higher levels of commercial real estate loans to implement improved underwriting, internal controls, risk management policies, 
 22 

and portfolio stress testing, as well as possibly higher levels of allowances for losses and capital levels as a result of commercial real estate lending growth and exposures. 
 Commercial land development loans and owner-occupied commercial real estate loans are typically based on the borrowers ability to repay the loans from the cash flow of their businesses. These loans may involve greater risk because the availability of funds to repay each loan depends substantially on the success of the business itself. In addition, the assets securing the loans have the following characteristics: (i) they depreciate over time; (ii) they are difficult to appraise and liquidate; and (iii) they fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. 
 Commercial real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans, and construction loans are more susceptible to a risk of loss during a downturn in the business cycle. In particular, the increase in working from home since outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic could have adverse effects on our loans for office space, which are dependent for repayment on the successful operation and management of the associated commercial real estate. Our underwriting, review, and monitoring cannot eliminate all the risks related to these loans. 
 We also make both secured and unsecured loans to our commercial clients. Secured commercial loans are generally collateralized by real estate, accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, or other assets owned by the borrower, or may include a personal guaranty of the business owner. Unsecured loans generally involve a higher degree of risk of loss than do secure loans because, without collateral, repayment is wholly dependent upon the success of the borrowers businesses. Because of this lack of collateral, we are limited in our ability to collect on defaulted unsecured loans. Furthermore, the collateral that secures our secured commercial and industrial loans typically includes inventory, accounts receivable, and equipment, which, if the business is unsuccessful, usually has a value that is insufficient to satisfy the loan without a loss. 
 We may be forced to foreclose on the collateral and own the underlying real estate, subjecting us to the costs and potential risks associated with the ownership of real property, or consumer protection initiatives or changes in state or federal law may substantially raise the cost of foreclosure or prevent us from foreclosing at all. The amount that we, as a mortgagee, may realize after a foreclosure depends on factors outside of our control, including, but not limited to, general or local economic conditions, environmental cleanup liabilities, assessments, interest rates, real estate tax rates, operating expenses of the mortgaged properties, our ability to obtain and maintain adequate occupancy of the properties, zoning laws, governmental and regulatory rules, and natural disasters. Our inability to manage the amount of costs or size of the risks associated with the ownership of real estate, or write-downs in the value of other real estate owned OREO could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Additionally, consumer protection initiatives or changes in state or federal law may substantially increase the time and expenses associated with the foreclosure process or prevent us from foreclosing at all. A number of states in recent years have either considered or adopted foreclosure reform laws that make it substantially more difficult and expensive for lenders to foreclose on properties in default. Additionally, federal and state regulators and state attorneys general have prosecuted or pursued enforcement action against a number of mortgage servicing companies for alleged consumer protection law violations. If new federal or state laws or regulations are ultimately enacted that significantly raise the cost of foreclosure or raise outright barriers to foreclosure, they could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In addition, if we foreclose on and take title to real property securing loans, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties and that we could be liable for remediation costs, as well as personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property's value or limit our ability to sell the affected property. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Curtailment of government-guaranteed loan programs could affect a segment of our business. 
 One component of our business consists of originating and periodically selling U.S. government-guaranteed loans, in particular those guaranteed by the SBA. Pursuant to the Consolidated Appropriations Act, the SBA guaranteed 90 of the principal amount of each qualifying SBA loan originated under the SBA s 7(a) loan program (excluding PPP loans) through October 1, 2021. The SBA presently guarantees 75 to 90 of the principal amount of qualifying loans originated under the 7(a) loan program (excluding PPP loans). The U.S. government may not maintain the SBA 7(a) loan program, and even if it does, the guaranteed portion may not remain at its current or anticipated level. In addition, from time to time, the government agencies that guarantee these loans reach their internal limits and cease to guarantee future loans. In 
 23 

addition, these agencies may change their rules for qualifying loans or Congress may adopt legislation that would have the effect of discontinuing or changing the loan guarantee programs. Non-governmental programs could replace government programs for some borrowers, but the terms might not be equally acceptable. Therefore, if these changes occur, the volume of loans to small business and industrial borrowers of the types that now qualify for government-guaranteed loans could decline. Also, the profitability of the sale of the guaranteed portion of these loans could decline as a result of market displacements due to increases in interest rates, and premiums realized on the sale of the guaranteed portions could decline from current levels. As the funding and sale of the guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans is a major portion of our business and a significant portion of our non-interest income, any significant changes to the SBA 7(a) loan program, such as its funding or eligibility requirements, may have an unfavorable impact on our prospects, future performance, and results of operations. The aggregate principal balance of SBA 7(a) guaranteed portions sold during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 50.8 million, as compared to 41.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As a participating lender in the SBA s PPP, we are subject to added risks, including credit, fraud, and litigation risks. 
 In April 2020, we began processing loan applications under the PPP as an eligible lender with the benefit of a government guarantee of loans to small business clients, many of whom have faced, or continue to face, difficulties even after being granted such a loan. PPP loans have contributed to our loan growth since March 31, 2020. The PPP Extension Act, which became law on March 31, 2021, extended the deadline to apply for a PPP loan through May 31, 2021. 
 Since the launch of the PPP, several larger banks have been subject to litigation regarding the process and procedures that such banks used in processing applications for the PPP, and we may be exposed to the risk of litigation, from both customers and non-customers that approached us regarding PPP loans, relating to these or other matters. Also, many financial institutions throughout the country have been named in putative class actions regarding the alleged nonpayment of fees that may be due to certain agents who facilitated PPP loan applications. Although many of these actions have been resolved in favor of banks participating in the PPP, the costs and effects of litigation related to PPP participation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and meet our obligations as they become due. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business, and we monitor our liquidity and manage our liquidity risk at the holding company and bank levels. We require sufficient liquidity to fund asset growth, meet customer loan requests, facilitate customer deposit maturities and withdrawals, make payments on our debt obligations as they come due, and fulfill other cash commitments under both normal operating conditions and other unpredictable circumstances, including events causing industry or general financial market stress. Liquidity risk can increase due to a number of factors, which include, but are not limited to, an over-reliance on a particular source of funding, changes in the liquidity needs of our depositors, adverse regulatory actions against us, or a downturn in the markets in which our loans are concentrated. 
 Market conditions or other events could also negatively affect the level or cost of funding, affecting our ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund asset growth and new business transactions at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner, and without adverse consequences. Our inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans, and other sources could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and could result in the closure of the Bank. 
 Other primary sources of funds consist of cash flows from operations, maturities and sales of investment securities, and proceeds from issuance and sale of our equity and debt securities. Additional liquidity is provided by the ability to borrow from the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco to fund our operations. We may also borrow funds from third-party lenders, such as other financial institutions. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities or on acceptable terms could be impaired by factors that affect our organization specifically or the financial services industry or economy in general. Our access to funding sources could also be affected by a decrease in the level of our business activity as a result of a downturn in our primary market or by one or more adverse regulatory actions against us. 
 Any substantial, unexpected, and/or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity could impair our ability to fund operations and meet our obligations as they become due and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Although we have historically been able to replace maturing deposits and advances if desired, we may not be able to replace such funds in the future if our financial condition, the financial condition of the FHLB, or market conditions change. FHLB borrowings and other current sources of liquidity may not be available or, if 
 24 

available, may not be sufficient to provide adequate funding for operations and to support our continued growth. The unavailability of sufficient funding could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services companies may be interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, and other relationships. We are exposed to different industries and counterparties through transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker-dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, and other financial intermediaries. As a result, defaults by, declines in the financial condition of, or even rumors or questions about one or more financial services companies, or the financial services industry generally, could lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by us or other institutions. These losses could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Regulatory requirements affecting our loans secured by commercial real estate could limit our ability to leverage our capital and adversely affect our growth and profitability. 
 The federal banking agencies have issued guidance regarding concentrations in commercial real estate lending for institutions that are deemed to have particularly high concentrations of commercial real estate loans within their lending portfolios. Under this guidance, an institution that has: (i) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land which represent 100 or more of the institution s total risk-based capital; or (ii) total commercial real estate loans representing 300 or more of the institution s total risk-based capital, where the outstanding balance of the institution s commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased 50 or more during the prior 36 months, is identified as having potential commercial real estate concentration risk. An institution that is deemed to have concentrations in commercial real estate lending is expected to employ heightened levels of risk management with respect to its commercial real estate portfolios and may be required to maintain higher levels of capital. We have a concentration in commercial real estate loans, and we have experienced significant growth in our commercial real estate portfolio in recent years. We cannot guarantee that any risk management practices we implement will be effective to prevent losses relating to our commercial real estate portfolio. Management has extensive experience in commercial real estate lending and has implemented and continues to maintain heightened portfolio monitoring and reporting, and strong underwriting criteria with respect to our commercial real estate portfolio. Nevertheless, we could be required to maintain higher levels of capital as a result of our commercial real estate concentration, which could limit our growth, require us to obtain additional capital, and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our recovery on commercial real estate loans could be further reduced by a lack of a liquid secondary market for such mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities. 
 Our current business strategy includes an emphasis on commercial real estate lending. Although we sold 50.8 million of loans in the year ended December 31, 2022, we may decide to sell more loans in the future. A secondary market for most types of commercial real estate loans is not readily liquid, so we have less opportunity to mitigate credit risk by selling part or all of our interest in these loans. As a result of these characteristics, if we foreclose on a commercial real estate loan, our holding period for the collateral typically is longer than for residential mortgage loans because there are fewer potential purchasers of the collateral. Accordingly, charge-offs on commercial real estate loans may be larger as a percentage of the total principal outstanding than those incurred with our residential or consumer loan portfolios. 
 The appraisals and other valuation techniques we use in evaluating and monitoring loans secured by real property and OREO may not accurately reflect the net value of the asset. 
 In considering whether to make a loan secured by real property, we generally require an appraisal of the property. However, an appraisal is only an estimate of the value of the property at the time the appraisal is made, and as real estate values may change significantly in value in relatively short periods of time (especially in periods of heightened economic uncertainty), this estimate may not accurately reflect the net value of the collateral after the loan is made. As a result, we may not be able to realize the full amount of any remaining indebtedness when we foreclose on and sell the relevant property. In addition, we rely on appraisals and other valuation techniques to establish the value of OREO that we acquire through foreclosure proceedings and to determine loan impairments. If any of these valuations are inaccurate, our consolidated financial statements may not reflect the correct value of our OREO, if any, and our allowance for loan losses 
 25 

may not reflect accurate loan impairments. Inaccurate valuation of OREO or inaccurate provisioning for loan losses could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Federal, state, and local consumer lending laws may restrict our or our partners ability to originate certain loans or increase our risk of liability with respect to such loans. 
 Federal, state, and local laws have been adopted that are intended to prevent certain lending practices considered predatory. These laws prohibit practices such as steering borrowers away from more affordable products, selling unnecessary insurance to borrowers, repeatedly refinancing loans, and making loans without a reasonable expectation that the borrowers will be able to repay the loans irrespective of the value of the underlying property. It is our policy to determine borrowers ability to repay and not to make predatory loans. Nonetheless, the law and related rules create the potential for increased liability with respect to our lending and loan investment activities. Compliance with these laws increases our cost of doing business. 
 Additionally, consumer protection initiatives or changes in state or federal law may substantially increase the time and expenses associated with the foreclosure process or prevent us from foreclosing at all. A number of states in recent years have either considered or adopted foreclosure reform laws that make it substantially more difficult and expensive for lenders to foreclose on properties in default, and we cannot be certain that the state in which we operate will not adopt similar legislation in the future. Additionally, federal regulators have prosecuted or pursued enforcement actions against a number of mortgage servicing companies for alleged consumer protection law violations. If new state or federal laws or regulations are ultimately enacted that significantly raise the cost of foreclosure or raise outright barriers to foreclosure, such laws or regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our largest loan relationships make up a material percentage of our total loan portfolio, and credit risks relating to these would have a disproportionate impact. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our 30 largest borrowing relationships ranged from approximately 20.6 million to 75.1 million (including unfunded commitments) and totaled approximately 1.1 billion in total commitments (representing, in the aggregate, 39.87 of our total loans held for investment before deferred fees as of December 31, 2022). Each of the loans associated with these relationships has been underwritten in accordance with our underwriting policies and limits. Along with other risks inherent in these loans, such as the deterioration of the underlying businesses or property securing these loans, this concentration of borrowers presents a risk that, if one or more of these relationships were to become delinquent or suffer default, we could be exposed to material losses. The allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover losses associated with any of these relationships, and any loss or increase in the allowance would negatively affect our earnings and capital. Even if these loans are adequately collateralized, an increase in classified assets could harm our reputation with our regulators and inhibit our ability to execute our business plan. 
 Our largest deposit relationships currently make up a material percentage of our deposits and the withdrawal of deposits by our largest depositors could force us to fund our business through more expensive and less stable sources. 
 At December 31, 2022, our 40 largest deposit relationships, each accounting for more than 10.0 million, amounted to 1.5 billion, or 52.15 , of our total deposits. This includes 602.0 million in deposits from municipalities, of which we conduct a monthly review. Withdrawals of deposits by any one of our largest depositors or by one of our related customer groups could force us to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding for our business and withdrawal demands, adversely affecting our net interest margin and results of operations. If a significant amount of these deposits were withdrawn within a short period of time, it could have a negative impact on our short-term liquidity and have an adverse impact on our earnings. We may also be forced, as a result of withdrawals of deposits, to rely more heavily on other, potentially more expensive and less stable, funding sources. Additionally, such circumstances could require us to raise deposit rates in an attempt to attract new deposits, which would adversely affect our results of operations, and/or to raise funding through brokered deposits. Under applicable regulations, if the Bank were no longer well-capitalized, the Bank would not be able to accept brokered deposits without the approval of the FDIC. 
 Our allowance for loan losses may be inadequate to absorb losses inherent in the loan portfolio. 
 Experience in the banking industry indicates that a portion of our loans will become delinquent, and that some may only be partially repaid or may never be repaid at all. We may experience losses for reasons beyond our control, such as the impact of general economic conditions on customers and their businesses. Accordingly, we maintain an allowance for loan losses 
 26 

that represents management s judgment of probable losses and risks inherent in our loan portfolio. In determining the size of our allowance for loan losses, we rely on an analysis of our loan portfolio that considers historical loss experience, volume and types of loans, trends in classification, volume and trends in delinquencies and non-accruals, economic conditions, and other pertinent information. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses is inherently highly subjective and requires us to make significant estimates of and assumptions regarding current credit risk and future trends, all of which may change materially. Although we endeavor to maintain our allowance for loan losses at a level adequate to absorb any inherent losses in the loan portfolio, these estimates of loan losses are necessarily subjective, and their accuracy depends on the outcome of future events. At December 31, 2022, the allowance for loan losses was 28.4 million. 
 Deterioration of economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, inaccurate management assumptions, identification of additional problem loans, temporary modifications, loan forgiveness, automatic forbearance, and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may result in our experiencing higher levels of nonperforming assets and charge-offs, and incurring loan losses in excess of our current allowance for loan losses, requiring us to make material additions to our allowance for loan losses, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Additionally, federal and state banking regulators, as an integral part of their supervisory function, periodically review the allowance for loan losses. These regulatory agencies may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses or to recognize further loan charge-offs based upon their judgments, which may be different from ours. If we need to make significant and unanticipated increases in the loss allowance in the future, or to take additional charge-offs for which we have not established adequate reserves, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected at that time. 
 Finally, the FASB has issued an accounting standard for establishing allowances for loan and lease losses that replaces the prior approach under GAAP, which generally considers only past events and current conditions, with a forward-looking methodology that reflects the expected credit losses over the lives of financial assets, starting when such assets are first originated or acquired. As an emerging growth company relying on the extended transition period for new accounting standards, this standard, referred to as Current Expected Credit Loss CECL ), became effective for us on January 1, 2023. The CECL standard will require us to record, at the time of origination, credit losses expected throughout the life of the asset portfolio on loans and held-to-maturity securities, as opposed to the current practice of recording losses when it is probable that a loss event has occurred. We are currently evaluating the impact the CECL standard will have on our accounting and regulatory capital position. The adoption of the CECL standard will materially affect how we determine allowance for loan losses and could require us to significantly increase the allowance. Moreover, the CECL standard may create more volatility in the level of allowance for loan losses. If we are required to materially increase the level of our allowance for loan losses for any reason, such increase could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For further information, please see Note 2, Recently Issued Accounting Standards, of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We could recognize losses on investment securities held in our securities portfolio, particularly if interest rates increase or economic and market conditions deteriorate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our investment securities portfolio was approximately 119.7 million. As of the same date, 11.84 of our investments were U.S. government agency securities. Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. These factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency actions in respect to the securities, defaults by the issuer or with respect to the underlying securities, and changes in market interest rates and instability in the capital markets. Any of these factors, among others, could cause other-than-temporary impairments OTTIs ), realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods, and declines in other comprehensive income, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The process for determining whether impairment of a security is OTTI usually requires complex, subjective judgments about the future financial performance and liquidity of the issuer, any collateral underlying the security, and our intent and ability to hold the security for a sufficient period of time to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value, in order to assess the probability of receiving all contractual principal and interest payments on the security. Our failure to correctly and timely assess any impairments or losses with respect to our securities could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 27 

We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information provided by customers and counterparties. 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial information. We may also rely on representations of customers and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. In deciding whether to extend credit, we may rely upon customers representations that their financial statements conform to GAAP and present fairly the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the customer. We also may rely on customer representations and certifications, or other audit or accountants reports, with respect to the business and financial condition of our customers. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected if we rely on misleading, false, inaccurate, or fraudulent information. 
 Risks Related to Our Industry and Regulation 
 Our industry is highly regulated, and the regulatory framework, together with any future legislative or regulatory changes, may have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 The banking industry is highly regulated and supervised under both federal and state laws and regulations that are intended primarily for the protection of depositors, customers, the public, the banking system as a whole, or the FDIC DIF, not for the protection of our shareholders and creditors. We are subject to regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve, and our Bank is subject to regulation and supervision by the FDIC and the DFPI. Compliance with these laws and regulations can be difficult and costly, and changes to laws and regulations can impose additional compliance costs. The Dodd-Frank Act, which imposed significant regulatory and compliance changes on financial institutions, is an example of this type of federal law. The laws and regulations applicable to us govern a variety of matters, including permissible types, amounts, and terms of loans and investments we may make, the maximum interest rate that may be charged, the amount of reserves we must hold against deposits we take, the types of deposits we may accept and the rates we may pay on such deposits, maintenance of adequate capital and liquidity, changes in control of us and our Bank, transactions between us and our Bank, handling of nonpublic information, restrictions on dividends, and establishment of new offices. We must obtain approval from our regulators before engaging in certain activities, and there is risk that such approvals may not be granted, either in a timely manner or at all. These requirements may constrain our operations, and the adoption of new laws and changes to or repeal of existing laws may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Also, the burden imposed by those federal and state regulations may place banks in general, including our Bank in particular, at a competitive disadvantage compared to their non-bank competitors. Compliance with current and potential regulation, as well as supervisory scrutiny by our regulators, may significantly increase our costs, impede the efficiency of our internal business processes, require us to increase our regulatory capital, and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities in an efficient manner by requiring us to expend significant time, effort, and resources to ensure compliance and respond to any regulatory inquiries or investigations. Our failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, interpretations of such laws and regulations, or regulatory policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties, and/or damage to our reputation, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Applicable laws, regulations, interpretations, enforcement policies, and accounting principles have been subject to significant changes in recent years and may be subject to significant future changes. Additionally, federal and state regulatory agencies may change the manner in which existing regulations are applied. We cannot predict the substance or effect of pending or future legislation or regulation or changes to the application of laws and regulations to us. Future changes may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In addition, given the current economic and financial environment, regulators may elect to alter standards or the interpretation of the standards used to measure regulatory compliance or to determine the adequacy of liquidity, risk management, or other operational practices for financial service companies. This could impact our ability to implement our strategy, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, the regulatory agencies have broad discretion in their interpretation of laws and regulations and their assessment of the quality of our loan portfolio, securities portfolio, and other assets. Based on our regulators assessment of the quality of our assets, operations, lending practices, investment practices, capital structure, or other aspects of our business, we may be required to take additional charges or undertake, or refrain from taking, actions that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 28 

Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate, and changes in banks reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments, and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition, and results of operations cannot be predicted. 
 Federal and state regulators periodically examine our business and may require us to remediate adverse examination findings or may take enforcement action against us. 
 The Federal Reserve, the FDIC, and the DFPI periodically examine our business, including our compliance with laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, or the DFPI were to determine that our financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, or other aspects of any of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we were in violation of any law or regulation, they may take a number of different remedial actions as they deem appropriate. These actions may include requiring us to remediate any such adverse examination findings. 
 In addition, these agencies have the power to take enforcement action against us to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation of law or regulation or unsafe or unsound practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to direct the sale of subsidiaries or other assets, to limit dividends and distributions, to restrict our growth, to assess civil money penalties against us or our officers or directors, to remove officers and directors, and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate our deposit insurance and place our Bank into receivership or conservatorship. Any regulatory enforcement action against us could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to stringent capital requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 Federal regulations establish minimum capital requirements for insured depository institutions, including minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios, and define different forms of capital for calculating these ratios. The capital rules generally require bank holding companies and banks to maintain a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 7.00 (a minimum of 4.50 plus a capital conservation buffer of 2.50 ), a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 8.50 (a minimum of 6.00 plus a capital conservation buffer of 2.50 ), a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 10.50 (a minimum of 8.00 plus a capital conservation buffer of 2.50 ), and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 4.00 . An institution s failure to exceed the capital conservation buffer with common equity Tier 1 capital would result in limitations on an institution s ability to make capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. In addition, for an insured depository institution to be well-capitalized under the banking agencies prompt corrective action framework, it must have a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.50 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 8.00 , a total capital ratio of at least 10.00 , and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 5.00 , and must not be subject to any written agreement, order or capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive issued by its primary federal or state banking regulator to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. 
 Historically, as a bank holding company with less than 3.0 billion in total consolidated assets and that met certain other criteria, the Company had been operating under the Federal Reserve s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement, which exempts from the Federal Reserve s risk-based capital and leverage rules bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of less than 3.0 billion that are not engaged in significant nonbanking activities, do not conduct significant off-balance sheet activities, and do not have a material amount of debt or equity securities registered with the SEC. Because the Company's total consolidated assets exceeded the 3.0 billion threshold as of September 30, 2022, the Company is no longer subject to this policy statement and its capital adequacy will be evaluated relative to the Federal Reserve's generally applicable capital requirements. 
 29 

Any new or revised standards adopted in the future may require us to maintain materially more capital, with common equity as a more predominant component, or manage the configuration of our assets and liabilities to comply with formulaic capital requirements. We may not be able to raise additional capital at all, or on terms acceptable to us. Failure to maintain capital to meet current or future regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to numerous fair and responsible banking laws and other laws and regulations designed to protect consumers, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 The Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, and other fair lending laws and regulations, including state laws and regulations, prohibit discriminatory lending practices by financial institutions. The Federal Trade Commission Act prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices, and the Dodd-Frank Act prohibits unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices by financial institutions. The U.S. Department of Justice, federal and state banking agencies, and other federal and state agencies, including the CFPB, are responsible for enforcing these fair and responsible banking laws and regulations. Banks with no more than 10.0 billion in total consolidated assets, including the Bank, are subject to rules promulgated by the CFPB but are examined and supervised by federal banking agencies for compliance with federal consumer protection laws and regulations. Accordingly, CFPB rulemaking has the potential to have a significant impact on the operations of the Bank. 
 A challenge to an institution s compliance with fair and responsible banking laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, restrictions on expansion, and restrictions on entering new business lines. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private litigation, including through class action litigation. Such actions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are a bank holding company and are dependent upon the Bank for cash flow, and the Bank s ability to make cash distributions is restricted. Additionally, the Federal Reserve may require us to commit capital resources to support the Bank. 
 We are a bank holding company with no material activities other than activities incidental to holding the common stock of the Bank. Our principal source of funds to pay distributions on our common stock and service any of our obligations, other than further issuances of securities, is dividends received from the Bank. The holding company, Five Star Bancorp, is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. Furthermore, the Bank is not obligated to pay dividends to us, and any dividends paid to us would depend on the earnings or financial condition of the Bank, various business considerations, and applicable law and regulation. As is generally the case for banking institutions, the profitability of the Bank is subject to the fluctuating cost and availability of money, changes in interest rates, and economic conditions in general. In addition, various federal and state statutes and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the Bank may pay to the Company without regulatory approval. 
 In addition, the Federal Reserve requires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks and to commit resources to support its subsidiary banks. Under the source of strength doctrine that was codified by the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve may require a bank holding company to make capital injections into a subsidiary bank, including at times when the bank holding company may not be inclined to do so, and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to such a subsidiary bank. Accordingly, we could be required to provide financial assistance to the Bank if it experiences financial distress. 
 A capital injection may be required at a time when our resources are limited, and we may be required to borrow the funds or raise capital to make the required capital injection. Any loan by a bank holding company to its subsidiary bank is subordinate in right of payment to deposits and certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary bank. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee will assume any commitment by the holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank. Moreover, bankruptcy law provides that claims based on any such commitment will be entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of the holding company s general unsecured creditors, including the holders of any note obligations. Thus, any borrowing by a bank holding company for the purpose of making a capital injection to a subsidiary bank may become more difficult and expensive relative to other corporate borrowings. 
 30 

We face a risk of no ncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 
 The Bank Secrecy Act, the Patriot Act, and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain an effective anti-money laundering program and to file reports such as suspicious activity reports and currency transaction reports. We are required to comply with these and other anti-money laundering requirements. Our federal and state banking regulators, the Treasury Department s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, and other government agencies are authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of anti-money laundering requirements. We are also subject to increased scrutiny of compliance with the regulations issued and enforced by the Treasury Department s OFAC, which is responsible for helping to ensure that U.S. entities do not engage in transactions with certain prohibited parties, as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts of Congress. If our program is deemed deficient, we could be subject to liability, including fines, civil money penalties, and other regulatory actions, which may include restrictions on our business operations and our ability to pay dividends, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, restrictions on expansion, and restrictions on entering new business lines. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have significant reputational consequences for us. Any of these circumstances could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The planned discontinuation of the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate and a transition to an alternative reference interest rate could present operational problems and result in market disruption. 
 The administrator of LIBOR will publish most tenors of LIBOR for U.S. dollars USD through June 30, 2023 and permanently ceased publication of the 1-week and 2-month USD LIBOR settings following December 31, 2021. The Federal Reserve and other federal banking agencies have encouraged banks to transition away from LIBOR in new contracts by no later than December 31, 2021, to ensure existing contracts have robust fallback language that includes a clearly defined alternative reference rate, and have emphasized the expectation that supervised institutions with LIBOR exposure continue to progress toward an orderly transition away from LIBOR. Although we expect that the capital and debt markets will cease to use LIBOR as a benchmark in the near future, we cannot predict what impact such a transition may have on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The Federal Reserve, based on the recommendations of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Alternative Reference Rate Committee, has begun publishing the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), which is intended to replace LIBOR. 
 In March 2022, President Biden signed into law the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act ). The LIBOR Act provides default rules for tough legacy contracts that do not have clearly defined and practicable fallback provisions for replacing LIBOR. The LIBOR Act also establishes a litigation safe harbor for lenders that select a LIBOR replacement under certain situations, including the use of a replacement rate selected by the Federal Reserve. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule that implements the LIBOR Act by identifying benchmark rates based on SOFR that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. 
 Although SOFR appears to be the preferred replacement rate for LIBOR, it is unclear if other benchmarks may emerge or if other rates will be adopted outside of the United States. The replacement of LIBOR also may result in economic mismatches between different categories of instruments that now consistently rely on the LIBOR benchmark. Markets are slowly developing in response to these new rates, and questions around liquidity in these rates and how to appropriately adjust these rates to eliminate any economic value transfer at the time of transition remain a significant concern. We cannot predict whether the SOFR or another alternative rate will become the market benchmark in place of LIBOR. 
 Certain of our financial products are tied to LIBOR. We are currently monitoring the actions of LIBOR s regulator and the implementation of alternative reference rates in advance of the expected discontinuation of LIBOR to determine any potential impact on our financial products and our subordinated notes. Inconsistent approaches to a transition from LIBOR to an alternative rate among different market participants and for different financial products may cause market disruption and operational problems, which could adversely affect us, including by exposing us to increased basis risk and resulting costs in connection, and by creating the possibility of disagreements with counterparties. 
 31 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price may be volatile, and we may not be able to meet investor or analyst expectations. You may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid and may lose part or all of your investment as a result. 
 Stock price volatility may negatively impact the price at which our common stock may be sold and may also negatively impact the timing of any sale. We cannot assure you that the market price of our shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq will equal or exceed prices in privately negotiated transactions of our shares that have occurred from time to time before our IPO. Our stock price may fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors including the risk factors described herein and, among other things: 
 actual or anticipated variations in quarterly or annual operating results, financial conditions, or credit quality; 
 changes in business or economic conditions; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations, or principles; 
 changes in recommendations or research reports about us or the financial services industry in general published by securities analysts; 
 the failure of securities analysts to cover, or to continue to cover, us; 
 changes in financial estimates or publication of research reports and recommendations by financial analysts or actions taken by rating agencies with respect to us or other financial institutions; 
 news reports relating to trends, concerns, and other issues in the financial services industry; 
 reports related to the impact of natural or man-made disasters in our market; 
 perceptions in the marketplace regarding us and or our competitors; 
 sudden increases in the demand for our common stock, including as a result of any short squeezes 
 significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments by or involving us or our competitors; 
 additional investments from third parties; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 future sales or issuance of additional shares of common stock; 
 fluctuations in the stock price and operating results of our competitors; 
 changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations, or differing interpretations thereof, affecting our business, or enforcement of these laws or regulations; 
 new technology used, or services offered, by competitors; 
 additional investments from third parties; or 
 geopolitical conditions such as acts or threats of terrorism, pandemics, or military conflicts. 
 In particular, the realization of any of the risks described in this section could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and cause the value of your investment to decline. In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock over the short, medium, or long term, regardless of our actual performance. 
 32 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 in the Exchange Act, and are able to avail ourselves of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, which could make our common stock less attractive to investors and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various requirements generally applicable to public companies. These exemptions allow us, among other things, to present only two years of audited financial statements and discuss our results of operations for only two years in related Management s Discussions and Analyses; not to provide an auditor attestation of our internal control over financial reporting; to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with the new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies; to provide reduced disclosure regarding our executive compensation arrangements pursuant to the rules applicable to smaller reporting companies, which means we do not have to include a compensation discussion and analysis and certain other disclosure regarding our executive compensation; and not to seek a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. 
 We may take advantage of these exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the first fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our IPO; (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are 1.07 billion or more; (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. 
 Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 in the Exchange Act, which would allow us to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements, including not being required to provide an auditor attestation of our internal control over financial reporting and reduced disclosure regarding our executive compensation arrangements in our periodic reports and proxy statements. 
 We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock, and our stock price may be more volatile or decline. 
 Our significant shareholders have the ability to control significant corporate activities, and our significant shareholders interests may not coincide with yours. 
 Upon the closing of our IPO, our directors, executive officers, and principal shareholders beneficially owned an aggregate of 5,881,682 shares, or approximately 34.47 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Consequently, our directors, executive officers, and principal shareholders are able to significantly affect our affairs and policies, including the outcome of the election of directors and the potential outcome of other matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, such as mergers, the sale of substantially all of our assets, and other extraordinary corporate matters. This influence may also have the effect of delaying or preventing changes of control or changes in management or limiting the ability of our other shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in the best interests of our Company. The interests of these insiders could conflict with the interests of our other shareholders, including you. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We may be unable to attract or sustain research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no securities or industry analysts cover our company, the trading price for our stock would likely be negatively impacted. If we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage and if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If we fail to meet the expectations of analysts for our operating results, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 33 

We may not pay dividends on our common stock in the future, and our ability to pay dividends is subject to certain restrictions. 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive only such dividends as our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Our board of directors may, in its sole discretion, change the amount or frequency of dividends or discontinue the payment of dividends entirely. In addition, we are a bank holding company, and our ability to declare and pay dividends is dependent on federal regulatory considerations, including the guidelines of the Federal Reserve regarding capital adequacy and dividends. It is the policy of the Federal Reserve that bank holding companies should generally pay dividends on common stock only out of earnings, and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs, asset quality, and financial condition, and that bank holding companies should inform and consult with the Federal Reserve in advance of declaring and paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid. 
 The holders of our debt obligations and preferred stock, if any, have priority over the holders of our common stock with respect to payment in the event of liquidation, dissolution, or winding up and with respect to the payment of interest and dividends. 
 In any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, our common stock would rank below all claims of debt holders against us as well as any preferred stock that has been issued. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate of 73.6 million of subordinated notes, net of debt issuance costs, outstanding, and we did not have any outstanding preferred stock or trust preferred securities. We could incur such debt obligations or issue preferred stock in the future to raise additional capital. In such event, holders of our common stock will not be entitled to receive any payment or other distribution of assets upon the liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company until after all of our obligations to the debt holders are satisfied and holders of subordinated debt and senior equity securities, including preferred shares, if any, have received any payment or distribution due to them. In addition, we will be required to pay interest on the subordinated notes and dividends on the trust preferred securities and preferred stock before we will be able to pay any dividends on our common stock. 
 California law and the provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have an anti-takeover effect, and there are substantial regulatory limitations on changes of control of bank holding companies. 
 California corporate law and provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation articles of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial by our shareholders. Furthermore, with certain limited exceptions, federal regulations prohibit a person or company or a group of persons deemed to be acting in concert from, directly or indirectly, acquiring 10 or more (5 or more if the acquirer is a bank holding company) of any class of our voting stock or obtaining the ability to control in any manner the election of a majority of our directors or otherwise direct the management or policies of our Company without prior notice or application to and the approval of the Federal Reserve. Accordingly, prospective investors must comply with these requirements, if applicable, in connection with any purchase of shares of our common stock. Collectively, provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws and other statutory and regulatory provisions may delay, prevent, or deter a merger, acquisition, tender offer, proxy contest, or other transaction that might otherwise result in our shareholders receiving a premium over the market price for their common stock. Moreover, the combination of these provisions effectively inhibits certain business combinations, which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our bylaws have an exclusive forum provision, which could limit a shareholder s ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees. 
 Our bylaws have an exclusive forum provision providing that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (or, in the event that the United States District Court for the Northern District of California does not have jurisdiction, any federal or state court of California) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director, officer, or other employee to us or to our shareholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of California or the articles of incorporation or the bylaws; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our bylaws will further provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the 
 34 

federal district courts of the United States of America will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the federal securities laws, including the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Any person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to this provision of our bylaws. The exclusive forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find the exclusive forum provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management s attention. 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, insurance, and other expenses. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and applicable securities rules and regulations. These laws and regulations increase the scope, complexity, and cost of corporate governance, reporting, and disclosure practices over those of non-public or non-reporting companies. Despite our conducting business in a highly regulated environment, these laws and regulations have different requirements for compliance than we experienced prior to becoming a public company. Among other things, the Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. As a Nasdaq-listed company, we are required to prepare and file proxy materials which meet the requirements of the Exchange Act and the SEC s proxy rules. Compliance with these rules and regulations has increased, and will continue to increase, our legal and financial compliance costs, will make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly, and will increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. In order to maintain, appropriately document and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet the standards required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and operating results. Additionally, any failure by us to file our periodic reports with the SEC in a timely manner could harm our reputation and cause our investors and potential investors to lose confidence in us, and restrict trading in, and reduce the market price of, our common stock, and potentially impact our ability to access the capital markets. 
 If we fail to design, implement, and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or remediate any future material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable reports and prevent fraud. We may not be able to identify all significant deficiencies and/or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, and our failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In the normal course of our operations, we may identify deficiencies that would have to be remediated to satisfy the SEC rules for certification of our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is defined by the standards issued by the PCAOB as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that results in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a consequence, we would have to disclose in periodic reports we file with the SEC any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. The existence of a material weakness would preclude management from concluding that our internal control over financial reporting is effective and, when we cease to be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, preclude our independent registered public accounting firm from rendering their report addressing an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, disclosures of deficiencies of this type in our SEC reports could cause investors to lose confidence in our financial reporting, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, and could result in the delisting of our securities from the securities exchanges on which they trade. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary to produce reliable financial reports and to prevent fraud. If we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting, such deficiencies may adversely affect us. 
 35 

General Risk Factors 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the impact of actions to mitigate the spread of the virus could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Federal, state, and local governments enacted various restrictions and policies in an attempt to limit the spread of COVID-19. Such measures disrupted economic activity and contributed to job losses and reductions in consumer and business spending. In response to the economic and financial effects of COVID-19, the Federal Reserve sharply reduced interest rates and instituted quantitative easing measures as well as domestic and global capital market support programs. In addition, the current and prior presidential administrations, Congress, various federal agencies, and state and local governments took measures to address the economic and social consequences of the pandemic, beginning with the passage of the CARES Act, which was enacted on March 27, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, which was enacted on December 27, 2020, and the American Rescue Plan Act, which was enacted on March 11, 2021. The CARES Act provided wide-ranging economic relief for individuals and businesses impacted by COVID-19, and the Consolidated Appropriations Act and American Rescue Plan Act extended some of these relief provisions in certain respects as well as provided other forms of relief. These include, among others, the PPP. 
 While the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has begun to decrease in significance, its economic effects on financial markets and key market indices continue to impact overall economic activity. The uncertainty regarding the duration of the pandemic and the resulting economic disruption caused increased market volatility and led to an economic recession and a significant decrease in consumer confidence and business generally, the long-term effects of which remain uncertain. The continuation of these conditions, as well as the impacts of the CARES Act and other federal and state measures, specifically with respect to loan forbearances, has adversely affected our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and has and can be expected to further adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations and the operations of our borrowers, customers, and business partners. 
 While the ultimate impact of these factors over the longer term is uncertain and we do not yet know the full extent of the impacts on our business, our operations, or the global economy as a whole, nor the pace of continued economic recovery as the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, the decline in economic conditions generally and a prolonged negative impact on small to medium-sized businesses in particular is likely to result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations in future periods, and may heighten many of our known risks. 
 Our success is largely dependent upon our management team and key employees and ability to successfully execute our business strategy. 
 Our success depends, in large part, on the retention of our management team and key employees. Our management team and other key employees, including those who conduct our loan origination and other business development activities, have significant industry experience. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our management team or other key employees. Though we have employment agreements in place with certain members of our management team, they may still elect to leave at any time. The loss of any of our management team or our key employees could adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements on a timely basis, or at all. 
 Our future success also depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate, and retain key employees. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. Because the market for qualified individuals is highly competitive, we may not be able to attract and retain qualified officers or candidates. Failure to attract and retain a qualified management team and qualified key employees could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to grow and to remain profitable in future periods, or, if profitable, that our overall earnings will remain consistent with our prior results of operations or increase in the future. A downturn in economic conditions in our market, particularly in the real estate market, heightened competition from other financial services providers, an inability to retain or grow our core deposit base, regulatory and legislative considerations, and failure to attract and retain high-performing talent, among other factors, could limit our ability to grow assets, or increase profitability, as rapidly as we have in the past. Sustainable growth requires that we manage our risks by following prudent loan underwriting standards, balancing loan and deposit growth without materially increasing interest rate risk or compressing our net interest margin, maintaining more than adequate capital at all times, managing a growing number of customer relationships, scaling technology platforms, hiring and retaining qualified employees, and successfully 
 36 

implementing our strategic initiatives. We must also successfully implement improvements to, or integrate, our management information and control systems, procedures, and processes in an efficient and timely manner and identify deficiencies in existing systems and controls. In particular, our controls and procedures must be able to accommodate an increase in loan volume in various markets and the infrastructure that comes with expanding operations, including new branches. Our growth strategy may require us to incur additional expenditures to expand our administrative and operational infrastructure. If we are unable to effectively manage and grow our banking franchise, we may experience compliance and operational problems, have to slow the pace of growth, or have to incur additional expenditures beyond current projections to support such growth. We may not have, or may not be able to develop, the knowledge or relationships necessary to be successful in new markets. Our failure to sustain our historical rate of growth, adequately manage the factors that have contributed to our growth, or successfully enter new markets could have an adverse effect on our earnings and profitability and, therefore, on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we implement new lines of business, products, or services, we may invest significant time and resources in doing so, and such new lines of business, products, or services may not be successful. 
 From time to time, we may implement new lines of business or offer new products and product enhancements as well as new services within our existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts. In developing, implementing, or marketing new lines of business, products, product enhancements, or services, we may invest significant time and resources. We may underestimate the appropriate level of resources or expertise necessary to make new lines of business or products successful or to realize their expected benefits. We may not achieve the milestones set in initial timetables for the development and introduction of new lines of business, products, product enhancements, or services, and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as new or changing regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the ultimate implementation of a new line of business or offerings of new products, product enhancements, or services. Any new line of business, product, product enhancement, or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. We may also decide to discontinue businesses or products due to lack of customer acceptance or unprofitability. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or offerings of new products, product enhancements, or services could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may pursue strategic acquisitions in the future, and we may not be able to overcome risks associated with such transactions. 
 Although we plan to continue to grow our business organically, we may explore opportunities to invest in, or to acquire, other financial institutions and businesses that we believe would complement our existing business. 
 Our investment or acquisition activities could be material to our business and involve a number of risks including the following: 
 investing time and incurring expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential investments or acquisitions and negotiating potential transactions, resulting in our attention being diverted from the operation of our existing business; 
 the lack of history among our management team in working together on acquisitions and related integration activities; 
 the time, expense, and difficulty of integrating the operations and personnel of the combined businesses; 
 unexpected asset quality problems with acquired companies; 
 inaccurate estimates and judgments used to evaluate credit, operations, management, and market risks with respect to the target institution or assets; 
 risks of impairment to goodwill or OTTI of investment securities; 
 potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of banks and businesses we acquire; 
 an inability to realize expected synergies or returns on investment; 
 37 

potential disruption of our ongoing banking business; and 
 loss of key employees or key customers following our investment or acquisition. 
 We may not be successful in overcoming these risks or other problems encountered in connection with potential investments or acquisitions. Our inability to overcome these risks could have an adverse effect on our ability to implement our business strategy and enhance shareholder value, which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, if we record goodwill in connection with any acquisition, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected if that goodwill is determined to be impaired, which would require us to take an impairment charge. 
 Our reputation is critical to our business, and damage to it could have an adverse effect on us. 
 A key differentiating factor for our business is the strong reputation we are building in our market. Maintaining a positive reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers and employees. Adverse perceptions of us could make it more difficult for us to execute on our strategy. Harm to our reputation can arise from many sources, including actual or perceived employee misconduct, errors or misconduct by our third-party vendors or other counterparties, litigation or regulatory actions, our failure to meet our high customer service and quality standards, and compliance failures. 
 In particular, it is not always possible to prevent employee error or misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Because the nature of the financial services business involves a high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. Our necessary dependence upon processing systems to record and process transactions and our large transaction volume may further increase the risk that employee errors, tampering, or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. Employee error or misconduct could also subject us to financial claims. If our internal control systems fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, or if any resulting loss is not insured, exceeds applicable insurance limits, or if insurance coverage is denied or not available, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Additionally, as a financial institution, we are inherently exposed to operational risk in the form of theft and other fraudulent activity by employees, customers, and other third parties targeting us and our customers or data. Such activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, social engineering, and other dishonest acts. Although we devote substantial resources to maintaining effective policies and internal controls to identify and prevent such incidents, given the increasing sophistication of possible perpetrators, we may experience financial losses or reputational harm as a result of fraud. 
 Negative publicity about us, whether accurate or not, may also damage our reputation, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our operations could be interrupted if our third-party service providers experience difficulty, terminate their services, or fail to comply with banking regulations. 
 We outsource some of our operational activities and, accordingly, depend on relationships with third-party providers for services such as core systems support, informational website hosting, internet services, online account opening, and other processing services. Our business depends on the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems, many of which also depend on third-party providers. The failure of these systems, a cybersecurity breach involving any of our third-party service providers, or the termination or change in terms of a third-party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based could interrupt our operations. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity, or such third-party systems fail or experience interruptions. Replacing vendors or addressing other issues with our third-party service providers could entail significant delay, expense, and disruption of service. 
 As a result, if these third-party service providers experience difficulties, are subject to cybersecurity breaches, or terminate their services, and we are unable to replace them with other service providers, particularly on a timely basis, our operations could be interrupted. If an interruption were to continue for a significant period of time, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Even if we are able to replace third-party service providers, it may be at a higher cost to us, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 38 

Furthermore, third-party service providers, and banking organizations relationships with those providers, are subject to demanding regulatory requirements and attention by bank regulators. These regulatory expectations may change, and potentially become more rigorous in certain ways, due to an interagency effort to replace existing guidance on the risk management of third-party relationships with new guidance. Our regulators may hold us responsible for any deficiencies in our oversight or control of our third-party service providers and in the performance of the parties with which we have these relationships. As a result, if our regulators assess that we have not exercised adequate oversight and control over our third-party service providers or that such providers have not performed adequately, we could be subject to administrative penalties, fines, or other forms of regulatory enforcement action as well as requirements for consumer remediation, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to laws regarding the privacy, information security, and protection of personal information, and any violation of these laws or other incidents involving personal, confidential, or proprietary information of individuals could damage our reputation and otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 Our business requires the collection and retention of large volumes of customer data, including personally identifiable information PII ), in various information systems that we maintain and in those maintained by third-party service providers. We also maintain important internal company data such as PII about our employees and information relating to our operations. We are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and protection of PII of individuals (including customers, employees, and other third parties). For example, our business is subject to the GLB Act, which, among other things: (i) imposes certain limitations on our ability to share nonpublic PII about our customers with nonaffiliated third parties; (ii) requires that we provide certain disclosures to customers about our information collection, sharing, and security practices and afford customers the right to opt out of any information sharing by us with nonaffiliated third parties (with certain exceptions); and (iii) requires that we develop, implement, and maintain a written comprehensive information security program containing appropriate safeguards based on our size and complexity, the nature and scope of our activities, and the sensitivity of customer information we process, as well as plans for responding to data security breaches. Various federal and state banking regulators and states have also enacted data breach notification requirements with varying levels of individual, consumer, regulatory, or law enforcement notification in the event of a security breach. The California Consumer Privacy Act grants California residents the rights to know about personal information collected about them, to delete certain of this personal information, to opt out of the sale of personal information, and to non-discrimination for exercising these rights. 
 Ensuring that our collection, use, transfer, and storage of PII complies with all applicable laws and regulations can increase our costs. Furthermore, we may not be able to ensure that customers and other third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information that they exchange with us, particularly where such information is transmitted by electronic means. If personal, confidential, or proprietary information of customers or others were to be mishandled or misused (in situations where, for example, such information was erroneously provided to parties who are not permitted to have the information, or where such information was intercepted or otherwise compromised by third parties), we could be exposed to litigation or regulatory sanctions under privacy and data protection laws and regulations. Concerns regarding the effectiveness of our measures to safeguard PII, or even the perception that such measures are inadequate, could cause us to lose customers or potential customers and thereby reduce our revenues. Accordingly, any failure or perceived failure to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws and regulations may subject us to inquiries, examinations, and investigations that could result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices or in significant liabilities, fines, or penalties, and could damage our reputation and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 System failure or cybersecurity breaches of our network security could subject us to increased operating costs as well as litigation, damage to our reputation, and other potential losses. 
 Failures in, or breaches of, our computer systems and network infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors or other service providers, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer equipment against damage from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, or a similar catastrophic event. Any damage or failure that causes an interruption in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer systems and network infrastructure, including our internet banking activities, against damage from physical break-ins, cybersecurity breaches, and other disruptive problems caused by the internet or other users. Cybersecurity breaches and other disruptions would jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and network infrastructure, which may result in significant liability to us and 
 39 

damage to our reputation and may discourage current and potential customers from using our internet banking services. Our security measures, including firewalls and penetration testing, may not prevent or detect future potential losses from system failures or cybersecurity breaches. 
 In the normal course of business, we collect, process, and retain sensitive and confidential information regarding our customers. Although we devote significant resources and management focus to ensuring the integrity of our systems through information security and business continuity programs, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are vulnerable to external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, or other similar events. We and our third-party service providers have experienced these types of events in the past and expect to continue to experience them in the future. These events could interrupt our business or operations or result in significant legal and financial exposure, supervisory criticism, regulatory enforcement action, damage to our reputation, loss of customers and business, or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products, and services. Although the impact to date from these events has not had an adverse effect on us, we cannot be sure this will be the case in the future. Any of these occurrences could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Information security risks for financial institutions like us have increased recently in part because of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists, and others. In addition to cyber-attacks or other security breaches involving the theft of sensitive and confidential information, hackers recently have engaged in attacks against large financial institutions that are designed to disrupt key business services, such as consumer-facing web sites. We are not able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and because attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. Our early detection and response mechanisms may be thwarted by sophisticated attacks and malware designed to avoid detection. 
 Banking organizations are required to notify their primary federal regulator of significant computer security incidents within 36 hours of determining that such an incident has occurred. Failure to comply with this requirement in the event of such an incident could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties, and/or damage to our reputation, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our ability to conduct our business could be disrupted by natural or man-made disasters or the effects of climate change. 
 All of our offices, a significant portion of the real estate securing loans we make, and many of our borrowers business operations in general, are located in California. California has had and will continue to have major earthquakes in areas where a significant portion of the collateral and assets of our borrowers are concentrated. California is also prone to fires, mudslides, floods, and other natural disasters, such as the recent fires that impacted several counties in California, including Orange and Napa. Additionally, acts of terrorism, war, civil unrest, violence, other man-made disasters, or the effects of climate change could also cause disruptions to our business or to the economy as a whole. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or the effects of climate change could destroy, or cause a decline in the value of, mortgaged properties or other assets that serve as our collateral and increase the risk of delinquencies, defaults, foreclosures and losses on our loans, damage our banking facilities and offices, negatively impact regional economic conditions, result in a decline in loan demand and loan originations, result in drawdowns of deposits by customers impacted by disasters and negatively impact the implementation of our growth strategy. Natural or man-made disasters or the effects of climate change could also disrupt our business operations more generally. We have implemented a business continuity program that allows us to move critical functions to a backup data center in the event of a catastrophe. Although this program has been tested, we cannot guarantee its effectiveness in any disaster scenarios. Regardless of the effectiveness of our disaster recovery and business continuity plan, the occurrence of any natural or man-made disaster or the effects of climate change could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Climate change also could present financial risks to us as a result of transition risks, such as societal and/or technological responses to climate change, which could include changes in climate policy or in the regulation of financial institutions with respect to risks posed by climate change. 
 Litigation and regulatory actions, including possible enforcement actions, could subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments, or other requirements resulting in increased expenses or restrictions on our business activities. 
 From time to time, in the normal course of business, we have in the past been and may in the future be named as a defendant in various legal actions, arising in connection with our current and/or prior business activities. Legal actions 
 40 

could include claims for substantial compensatory or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Further, in the future our regulators may impose consent orders, civil money penalties, matters requiring attention, or similar types of supervisory criticism. We may also, from time to time, be the subject of subpoenas, requests for information, reviews, investigations, and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental agencies regarding our current and/or prior business activities. Any such legal or regulatory actions may subject us to substantial compensatory or punitive damages, significant fines, penalties, obligations to change our business practices, or other requirements resulting in increased expenses, diminished income, and damage to our reputation. Our involvement in any such matters, whether tangential or otherwise and even if the matters are ultimately determined in our favor, could also cause significant harm to our reputation and divert management attention from the operation of our business. Further, any settlement, consent order, or adverse judgment in connection with any formal or informal proceeding or investigation by government agencies may result in litigation, investigations, or proceedings as other litigants and government agencies begin independent reviews of the same activities. As a result, the outcome of legal and regulatory actions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to an extensive body of accounting rules and best practices. Periodic changes to such rules may change the treatment and recognition of critical financial line items. In addition, the accuracy of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures could be affected if the judgments, assumptions, or estimates used in our critical accounting policies are inaccurate. 
 The nature of our business makes us sensitive to the large body of accounting rules in the United States. From time to time, the governing bodies that oversee changes to accounting rules and reporting requirements may release new guidance for the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. These changes can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some instances, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements. Changes which have been approved for future implementation, or which are currently proposed or expected to be proposed or adopted include requirements that we: (i) calculate the allowance for loan losses on the basis of the current expected loan losses over the lifetime of our loans, which is expected to be applicable to us beginning in 2023, and may result in increases in our allowance for loan losses and future provisions for loan losses and (ii) record the value of and liabilities relating to operating leases on our balance sheet, which became applicable to us beginning in 2022. These changes could adversely affect our capital, regulatory capital ratios, ability to make larger loans, earnings, and performance metrics. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our critical accounting policies, which are included in the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, describe those significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements that we consider critical because they require judgments, assumptions, and estimates that materially affect our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. As a result, if future events or regulatory views concerning such analysis differ significantly from the judgments, assumptions, and estimates in our critical accounting policies, those events or assumptions could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, in each case resulting in our possible need to revise or, if in error, restate prior period financial statements, cause damage to our reputation and the price of our common stock and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters is located at 3100 Zinfandel Drive, Suite 100, Rancho Cordova, CA 95670. As of December 31, 2022, in addition to our corporate headquarters, which includes our Rancho Cordova branch, we operated six other branch offices in Roseville, Natomas, Redding, Elk Grove, Chico, and Yuba City and one commercial loan production office in Sacramento. We lease our corporate headquarters and all of our other offices. The lease on our corporate headquarters expires in 2026, and the leases on our branch offices and commercial loan production offices expire in 2023 through 2032. We believe that these facilities and additional or alternative space available to us are adequate to meet our needs for the foreseeable future. 
 41 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are a party to various litigation matters incidental to the conduct of our business. We do not believe that any currently pending legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 42 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information, Holders of Common Stock, and Dividends 
 The Company s common stock, no par value per share, is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FSBC . On February 21, 2023, there were 204 holders of record of the Company s common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this, as it would include stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 The Company has paid cash dividends on its common stock in every quarter since January 2002, with the exception of the third and fourth quarters of 2009 and all quarters of 2010. Historically, we had been treated as an S Corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and as such, we had paid distributions to our existing shareholders to assist them in paying the U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income that was passed through to them, as well as additional amounts for returns on capital. Following the completion of our IPO, our dividend policy and practice has changed, as we are now taxed as a C Corporation and, therefore, no longer pay distributions to provide our shareholders with funds to pay U.S. federal income tax on their pro rata portion of our taxable income. 
 It is currently the intention of the board of directors of the Company to continue payment of cash dividends on a quarterly basis. There is no assurance, however, that any dividends will be paid since they are dependent on a number of factors, including general and economic conditions, industry standards, our financial condition and operating results, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, our ability to service debt obligations senior to our common stock, banking regulations, contractual, legal, tax, and regulatory restrictions, and limitations on the payment of dividends by us to our shareholders or by the Bank to us, and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. As of December 31, 2022, there was 33.9 million available for payment of dividends by the Bank to the Company, under applicable laws and regulations. For a discussion of dividend restrictions on our common stock, or of restrictions on dividends from the Company s subsidiaries to the Company, see the sections entitled Part I, Item 1. Business Supervision and Regulation Supervision and Regulation of the Company Payment of Dividends and Stock Repurchases and Part I, Item 1. Business Supervision and Regulation Supervision and Regulation of the Bank Payment of Dividends. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Part III, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 Not applicable. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis presents management s perspective on our financial condition and results of operations on a consolidated basis. However, because we conduct all of our material business operations through Five Star 
 43 

Bank Five Star or the Bank ), the discussion and analysis relate to activities primarily conducted by the Bank. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes presented elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Average balances, including balances used in calculating certain financial ratios, are generally comprised of average daily balances. 
 To the extent that this discussion describes prior performance, the descriptions relate only to the periods listed, which may not be indicative of our future financial outcomes. In addition to containing historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause results to differ materially from management s expectations. Factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the sections entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements, except to the extent required by law. 
 
 Company Overview 
 Headquartered in the greater Sacramento metropolitan area of California, Five Star Bancorp Bancorp or the Company is a bank holding company that operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Five Star Bank Five Star or the Bank ), a California state-chartered non-member bank. We provide a broad range of banking products and services to small and medium-sized businesses, professionals, and individuals primarily in Northern California through seven branch offices and one loan production office. Our mission is to strive to become the top business bank in all markets we serve through exceptional service, deep connectivity, and customer empathy. We are dedicated to serving real estate, agricultural, faith-based, and small to medium-sized enterprises. We aim to consistently deliver value that meets or exceeds the expectations of our shareholders, customers, employees, business partners, and community. We refer to our mission as purpose-driven and integrity-centered banking. At December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 3.2 billion, total loans held for investment, net of allowance for loan losses, of 2.8 billion, and total deposits of 2.8 billion. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting our Business 
 Coronavirus COVID-19 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the impact of actions to mitigate the spread of the virus affected our business, financial condition, and results of operations in the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year, we maintained our focus on relationship-based banking and made the health and safety of our customers and employees our priority. To help protect our customers and their finances during the pandemic, while all of our branches were open, we took into account guidelines from public health officials, and encouraged our customers to conduct business with us via phone, online banking, and mobile apps. 
 Our financial results for the year ended December 31, 2021 were also impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Beginning with the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act in March 2020, the federal government enacted a series of federal statutes creating, funding, and expanding wide-ranging economic relief for individuals and businesses impacted by COVID-19. Among other things, these statutes created and funded the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), a loan program administered by the Small Business Administration (the SBA ). Under the PPP, if a loan is fully forgiven, the SBA will repay the lending bank in full. If a loan is partially forgiven or not forgiven at all, a lender must look to the borrower for repayment of unforgiven principal and interest. If the borrower defaults, in part or in full, the loan is guaranteed by the SBA. 
 Our responsiveness and certainty of execution resulted in our ability to quickly provide 1,602 PPP loans to 1,239 customers nationwide, approximately 39 of which were new customers as of December 31, 2021. Because of our relationship-based banking approach, the influx of new customers contributed to a corresponding increase in deposits in the year ended December 31, 2020, which continued into the year ended December 31, 2021. There were no outstanding PPP loans at December 31, 2022. 
 Additionally, the uncertainty and economic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic affected our overall existing loan portfolio. In 2020, our methodology for evaluating the allowance for loan losses was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in higher reserve levels primarily related to our commercial secured portfolio. In 2021, reserve amounts were positively impacted by improved economic conditions and reductions to reserves required for classified and watch loans, which were offset by additional provisions required for loan growth during the year. In 2022, we continued to monitor higher risk concentrations identified in the loan portfolio for ongoing effects from COVID-19 and the impact on reserve requirements. 
 44 

Interest Rates 
 Net interest income is the most significant contributor to our net income and is the difference between the interest and fees earned on interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred in connection with interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is primarily a function of the average balances and yields of these interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. These factors are influenced by internal considerations such as product mix and risk appetite as well as external influences such as economic conditions, competition for loans and deposits, and market interest rates. 
 The cost of our deposits and short-term borrowings is primarily based on short-term interest rates, which are largely driven by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System s (the Federal Reserve s actions and market competition. The yields generated by our loans and securities are typically affected by short-term and long-term interest rates, which are driven by market competition and market rates often impacted by the Federal Reserve s actions. The level of net interest income is influenced by movements in such interest rates and the pace at which such movements occur. 
 Interest rates have risen significantly following the historically low levels during the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to elevated levels of inflation and corresponding pressure to raise interest rates, the Federal Reserve announced in January of 2022 that it would be slowing the pace of its bond purchasing and increasing the target range for the federal funds rate over time. The FOMC has since increased the target range seven times throughout 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the target range for the federal funds rate had been increased to 4.25 to 4.50 , and the FOMC signaled that future increases may be appropriate in order to attain a monetary policy sufficiently restrictive to return inflation to normalized levels. 
 We anticipate that interest rates may continue to rise over the next few years. Based on our asset sensitivity, a steepened yield curve could have a beneficial impact on our net interest income. Additionally, a continued flat yield curve would be expected to maintain our net interest income. An inverted yield curve, as was observed late in 2022, could have a negative impact on our net interest income. 
 
 Factors Affecting Comparability of Financial Results 
 S Corporation Status 
 Beginning at our inception, we elected to be taxed for U.S. federal income tax purposes as an S Corporation. In conjunction with our initial public offering IPO ), we filed consents from the requisite amount of our shareholders to revoke our S Corporation election with the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ), resulting in the commencement of our taxation as a C Corporation for U.S. federal and California state income tax purposes in the second quarter of fiscal year 2021. Prior to such revocation, our earnings were not subject to, and we did not pay, U.S. federal income tax, and we were not required to make any provision or recognize any liability for U.S. federal income tax in our consolidated financial statements. While we were not subject to, and did not pay, U.S. federal income tax, we were subject to, and paid, California S Corporation income tax at a current rate of 3.50 . Upon the termination of our status as an S Corporation, we commenced paying U.S. federal income tax and a higher California state income tax on our taxable earnings for each year (including the short year beginning on the date our status as an S Corporation terminated), and our consolidated financial statements reflect a provision for U.S. federal income tax and a higher California state income tax from that date forward. As a result of this change, the net income and earnings per share EPS data presented in our historical financial statements for periods prior to the termination of our S Corporation status and the other related financial information set forth in this filing, which (unless otherwise specified) do not include any provision for U.S. federal income tax or the higher California state income tax rate, will not be comparable with our net income and EPS in periods after we commenced being taxed as a C Corporation. As a C Corporation, our net income is calculated by including a provision for U.S. federal income tax and a higher California state income tax rate at a combined statutory rate of 29.56 . 
 The termination of our status as an S Corporation may also affect our financial condition and cash flows. Historically, we made quarterly cash distributions to our shareholders in amounts estimated by us to be sufficient for them to pay estimated individual U.S. federal and California state income tax liabilities resulting from our taxable income that was passed through to them. However, these distributions were not consistent, as sometimes the distributions were less than or in excess of the shareholders estimated U.S. federal and California state income tax liabilities resulting from their ownership of our stock. In addition, these estimates were based on individual income tax rates, which may differ from the rates imposed on the income of C Corporations. As a C Corporation, no income is passed through to any shareholders, but, as noted above, we commenced paying U.S. federal income tax and a higher California state income tax. However, in the event of an adjustment to our reported taxable income for periods prior to the termination of our S Corporation status, it is possible that our pre-IPO shareholders would be liable for additional income taxes for those prior periods. Pursuant to the 
 45 

Tax Sharing Agreement we entered into with such shareholders, upon our filing any tax return (amended or otherwise), in the event of any restatement of our taxable income or pursuant to a determination by, or a settlement with, a taxing authority, for any period during which we were an S Corporation, depending on the nature of the adjustment, we may be required to make a payment to such shareholders, who accepted distribution of the estimated balance of our federal Accumulated Adjustments Account AAA of 31.9 million under the Tax Sharing Agreement, in an amount equal to such shareholders incremental tax liability (including interest and penalties). In addition, the Tax Sharing Agreement provides that we will indemnify such shareholders with respect to unpaid income tax liabilities (including interest and penalties) to the extent that such unpaid income tax liabilities are attributable to an adjustment to our taxable income for any period after our S Corporation status terminated. The amounts that we have historically distributed to our shareholders may not be indicative of the amount of U.S. federal and California state income tax that we will be required to pay going forward. Depending on our effective tax rate and our future dividend rate, our future cash flows and financial condition could be positively or adversely affected compared to our historical cash flows and financial condition. 
 Furthermore, deferred tax assets and liabilities were recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of our existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of the change in tax rates resulting from becoming a C Corporation was recognized in net income in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Refer to the highlights of the financial results table within the section entitled Executive Summary below for the impact of being taxed as a C Corporation on our net income, EPS, and various other financial measures for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Public Company Costs 
 Following the completion of our IPO, we began to, and will continue to, incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. These costs include additional personnel, legal, consulting, regulatory, insurance, accounting, investor relations, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules adopted by the SEC, the FDIC, and national securities exchanges, require public companies to implement specified corporate governance practices that were inapplicable to us as a private company. These additional rules and regulations have increased, and are expected to continue to increase, our legal, regulatory, and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of our assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. We have identified certain policies and estimates as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our past or present consolidated financial condition and results of operations. These policies and estimates are considered critical because they have a material impact, or they have the potential to have a material impact, on our consolidated financial statements and because they require us to make significant judgments, assumptions, or estimates. We believe that the judgments, estimates, and assumptions used in the preparation of our financial statements are reasonable and appropriate, based on the information available at the time they were made. However, actual results may differ from those estimates, and these differences may be material. 
 Pursuant to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), as an emerging growth company, we can elect to opt out of the extended transition period for adopting any new or revised accounting standards. We have elected not to opt out of the extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public and private companies, we may adopt the standard on the application date for private companies. 
 We have elected to take advantage of the scaled disclosures and other relief under the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of some or all of the reduced regulatory and reporting requirements that will be available to us under the JOBS Act, so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company. 
 46 

Provision and Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The allowance for loan losses represents the estimated probable incurred loan losses in our loan portfolio and is estimated as of December 31, 2022 using the incurred loss model. The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses charged to operations. Loans are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management believes that the collectability of the principal is unlikely. Subsequent recoveries of previously charged-off amounts, if any, are credited to the allowance for loan losses. 
 The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by management in consideration of optimistic, moderate, and pessimistic current conditions, and is based on management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, prevailing economic conditions specifically impacting each loan type by purpose and by geography, and concentrations within the loan portfolio. This evaluation is inherently subjective, as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 
 A significant amount of the allowance for loan losses is measured on a collective (pool) basis by loan type when similar risk characteristics exist. For loans evaluated collectively, the allowance for loan losses is determined using historical losses adjusted for qualitative and environmental factors to reflect current conditions. The most significant components of qualitative and environmental factors used to estimate the allowance for loan losses are adjustments relating to prevailing economic conditions and volume of the loan portfolio. The prevailing economic conditions factor is estimated based on a range of potential economic conditions and is applied at both the portfolio and individual concentration level based on various factors. This estimate is subject to significant judgment and could potentially add 3.9 million based on existing loan balances, if not more, to the allowance for loan losses in pessimistic economic conditions. The volume of the loan portfolio is estimated based on growth rates in the prior year combined with an assessment of underwriting and credit standards. This estimate is subject to significant judgment and could potentially add 2.8 million based on existing loan balances, if not more, to the allowance for loan losses based on growth due to significant changes to underwriting standards. The concentrations estimate of qualitative and environmental factors is determined by the overall market outlook and is focused on significant concentrations within the loan portfolio. This estimate is subject to significant judgment and could potentially add 7.3 million based on existing loan balances, if not more, to the allowance for loan losses based on a pessimistic market outlook for the specifically identified concentration. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense is the total of the current year income tax due or refundable and the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are the expected future tax amounts for the temporary differences between carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities, computed using tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. A valuation allowance, if needed, reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. These estimates are determined using information available in the current year and are subject to change. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated net deferred tax asset was approximately 12.3 million and was estimated using an estimated blended statutory tax rate of 29.56 . Actual enacted tax rates upon recognition of the tax asset could vary significantly from our initial estimate. 
 Uncertain tax positions are recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that has a likelihood greater than 50 of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not recognize any uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 Our strategic focus is to continue to grow organically by leveraging our existing core competencies and positioning our business for success in the evolving banking landscape. In leveraging our core competencies, we intend to: 
 continue our organic lending growth in our market through our purpose-driven and integrity-centered approach to banking; 
 continue to focus and grow each of the diverse industry clusters throughout our market areas; 
 47 

build upon the strength of our brand to deepen and broaden client relationships and grow our deposit base; 
 attract additional banking professionals with track records of driving revenue growth; 
 maintain our disciplined credit underwriting and robust risk management; 
 enhance our disciplined cost management culture; 
 leverage our technology platforms to improve our efficiency; and 
 further engage in the economic development of our communities and market areas. 
 Highlights of the financial results are presented in the following tables: 
 (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Selected financial condition data: Total assets 3,227,159 2,556,761 Total loans held for investment 2,791,326 1,934,460 Total deposits 2,782,004 2,285,890 Total subordinated notes, net 73,606 28,386 Total shareholders equity 252,825 235,046 Asset quality ratios: Allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment 1.02 1.20 Allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment, excluding PPP loans 1 
 1.02 1.22 Allowance for loan losses to period end nonperforming loans 70.27x 39.54x Non-accrual loans to period end loans 0.01 0.03 Capital ratios: Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 12.46 13.98 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 8.99 11.44 Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 8.99 11.44 Tier 1 leverage ratio 8.60 9.47 Total shareholders equity to total assets ratio 7.83 9.19 Tangible shareholders equity to tangible assets 2 
 7.83 9.19 
 48 

(dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) For the year ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Selected operating data: Net interest income 103,070 77,611 Provision for loan losses 6,700 1,700 Non-interest income 7,157 7,280 Non-interest expense 40,669 36,043 Net income 44,801 42,441 Earnings per common share: Basic 2.61 2.83 Diluted 2.61 2.83 Book value per share 14.66 13.65 Tangible book value per share 3 
 14.66 13.65 Weighted average basic common shares outstanding 17,128,282 14,972,637 Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 17,165,610 14,995,213 Shares outstanding at end of period 17,241,926 17,224,848 Selected pro forma operating data: Pro forma net income 4 
 44,801 37,813 Pro forma provision for income taxes 4 
 18,057 9,335 Pro forma earnings per common share 4 : 
 Basic 2.61 2.53 Diluted 2.61 2.52 Performance and other financial ratios: Return on average assets ROAA 1.57 1.86 Return on average equity ROAE 18.80 22.49 Net interest margin 3.75 3.64 Cost of funds 0.57 0.19 Efficiency ratio 36.90 42.46 Average equity to average assets 8.38 8.28 Cash dividend payout ratio on common stock 5 
 40.23 160.52 Selected pro forma ratios: Pro forma ROAA 4, 6 
 1.57 1.66 Pro forma ROAE 4, 6 
 18.80 20.03 
 1 The allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment, excluding PPP loans, is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. See the section entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment, excluding PPP loans, is defined as allowance for loan losses, divided by total loans held for investment less PPP loans. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment. 
 2 Tangible shareholders equity to tangible assets is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. See the section entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Tangible shareholders equity to tangible assets is defined as total equity less goodwill and other intangible assets, divided by total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is total shareholders equity to total assets. We had no goodwill or other intangible assets as of any of the dates indicated. As a result, tangible shareholders equity to tangible assets is the same as total shareholders equity to total assets as of each of the periods indicated. 
 49 

3 Tangible book value per share is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. See the section entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Tangible book value per share is defined as total shareholders equity less goodwill and other intangible assets, divided by the outstanding number of common shares at the end of the period. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is book value per share. We had no goodwill or other intangible assets at the end of any of the dates indicated. As a result, tangible book value per share is the same as book value per share at the end of each of the periods indicated. 
 4 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our pro forma net income, provision for income taxes, earnings per common share, ROAA, and ROAE are our actual net income, provision for income taxes, earnings per common share, ROAA, and ROAE, respectively, given that the Company was a C Corporation for the entirety of the year. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we calculate our pro forma net income, provision for income taxes, earnings per common share, ROAA, and ROAE using an effective tax rate of 19.80 , which is the actual effective tax rate, excluding the effects of the discrete deferred tax adjustment of 4.6 million, discussed in the section entitled Provision for Income Taxes below. 
 5 Cash dividend payout ratio on common stock is calculated as dividends on common shares divided by basic earnings per common share. 
 6 Pro forma ROAA and ROAE are calculated using pro forma net income, with no adjustments to average assets and average equity balances. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion of our results of operations compares the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income is the most significant contributor to our net income. Net interest income represents interest income from interest-earning assets, such as loans and investments, less interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits, FHLB advances, subordinated notes, and other borrowings, which are used to fund those assets. In evaluating our net interest income, we measure and monitor yields on our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities as well as trends in our net interest margin. Net interest margin is a ratio calculated as net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets for the same period. We manage our interest-earning assets and funding sources in order to maximize this margin while limiting credit risk and interest rate sensitivity to our established risk appetite levels. Changes in market interest rates and competition in our market typically have the largest impact on periodic changes in our net interest margin. 
 Our net interest margin of 3.75 for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased from 3.64 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to a 47 basis point increase in yields on interest-earning assets, which increased from 3.83 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 4.30 for the year ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by a 60 basis point increase in rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, which increased from 0.32 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.92 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 50 

Average balance sheet, interest, and yield/rate analysis. The following table presents average balance sheet information, interest income, interest expense, and the corresponding average yield earned or rates paid for each period reported. The average balances are daily averages and include both performing and nonperforming loans. 
 (dollars in thousands) For the year ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Assets Interest-earning deposits with banks 1 
 260,679 3,696 1.42 346,522 547 0.16 Investment securities 2 
 131,353 2,427 1.85 147,519 2,142 1.45 Loans held for investment and sale 1, 3 
 2,353,148 111,795 4.75 1,637,280 78,894 4.82 Total interest-earning assets 1 
 2,745,180 117,918 4.30 2,131,321 81,583 3.83 Interest receivable and other assets, net 99,946 148,830 Total assets 2,845,126 2,280,151 Liabilities and shareholders equity Interest-bearing transaction accounts 242,221 425 0.18 155,163 155 0.10 Savings accounts 107,010 376 0.35 74,402 74 0.10 Money market accounts 995,048 6,476 0.65 935,445 1,798 0.19 Time accounts 203,392 3,646 1.79 53,222 172 0.32 Subordinated debt and other borrowings 1 
 61,533 3,925 6.38 28,350 1,773 6.25 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,609,204 14,848 0.92 1,246,582 3,972 0.32 Demand accounts 982,915 835,834 Interest payable and other liabilities 14,709 8,984 Shareholders equity 238,298 188,751 Total liabilities shareholders equity 2,845,126 2,280,151 Net interest spread 4 
 3.38 3.51 Net interest income/margin 5 
 103,070 3.75 77,611 3.64 
 1 Interest income/expense is divided by the actual number of days in the period multiplied by the actual number of days in the year to correspond to stated interest rate terms, where applicable. 
 2 Yields on available-for-sale securities are calculated based on fair value. Investment security interest is earned on 30/360 day basis monthly. Yields are not calculated on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 3 Average loan balance includes both loans held for investment and loans held for sale. Non-accrual loans are included in total loan balances. No adjustment has been made for these loans in the yield calculations. Interest income on loans includes amortization of deferred loan fees, net of deferred loan costs. 
 4 Net interest spread represents the average yield earned on interest-earning assets minus the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 5 Net interest margin is computed by calculating the difference between interest income and interest expense, divided by the average balance of interest-earning assets, then annualized based on the number of days in the given period. 
 Analysis of changes in interest income and expenses. Increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in average interest rates. The following table shows the effect that these factors had on the interest earned from our interest-earning assets and interest incurred on our interest-bearing liabilities. The effect of changes in volume is determined by multiplying the change in volume by the current period s average rate. The effect of rate changes is calculated by 
 51 

multiplying the change in average rate by the previous period s volume. Changes not solely attributable to volume or rates have been allocated in proportion to the respective volume and rate components. 
 (dollars in thousands) For the year ended 
 December 31, 2022 compared to 
 the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Variance due to Volume Yield/Rate Total Interest-earning deposits with banks (1,217) 4,366 3,149 Investment securities (299) 584 285 Loans held for investment and sale 34,011 (1,110) 32,901 Total interest-earning assets 32,495 3,840 36,335 Interest-bearing transaction accounts 153 117 270 Savings accounts 115 187 302 Money market accounts 388 4,290 4,678 Time accounts 2,692 782 3,474 Subordinated debt and other borrowings 2,116 36 2,152 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,464 5,412 10,876 Changes in net interest income/margin 27,031 (1,572) 25,459 
 Factors affecting interest income and yields 
 Interest income increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the following: 
 Rates. The average yields on interest-earning assets were 4.30 and 3.83 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The increase in yields period-over-period was primarily due to increases in yields earned on loans held for sale and interest-earning deposits with banks. 
 Volume. Average interest-earning assets increased by approximately 613.9 million period-over-period, driven by new loan originations, which resulted in an increase in the average daily balance of loans for the year ended December 31, 2022 and contributed to the increase in interest income. 
 Factors affecting interest expense and rates 
 Interest expense increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the following: 
 Rates. The average costs of interest-bearing liabilities were 0.92 and 0.32 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The increase in cost period-over-period was primarily due to increases in the rates paid on interest-bearing deposit accounts, with the most significant increases in interest paid on time and money market accounts, combined with an increase of 300 basis points in the rates paid on FHLB advances during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year. The rate paid on the new subordinated debt issuance remained relatively consistent with prior issuances. Additionally, the cost of funds increased from 0.19 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.57 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Volume. Average interest-bearing liabilities increased by 362.6 million period-over-period, primarily driven by increases in average balances for all types of interest-bearing deposit accounts, with the most substantial increases in time, interest-bearing transaction, and money market accounts. Additionally, the issuance of 75.0 million of subordinated notes due September 1, 2032 on August 17, 2022 contributed to the increase in average interest-bearing liabilities period-over-period. 
 
 Provision for Loan Losses 
 The provision for loan losses is based on management s assessment of the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses. Factors impacting the provision include inherent risk characteristics in our loan portfolio, the level of nonperforming loans and net charge-offs, both current and historic, local economic and credit conditions, the direction of the change in collateral values, and the funding probability on unfunded lending commitments. The provision for loan losses is charged against 
 52 

earnings in order to maintain our allowance for loan losses, which reflects management s best estimate of probable losses inherent in our loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. 
 We recorded a 6.7 million provision for loan losses in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a 1.7 million provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 5.0 million for the provision year-over-year was primarily due to increased reserves based on loan growth and economic conditions during the year ended December 31, 2022, while improved economic conditions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic during the year ended December 31, 2021 provided favorable economic conditions for our borrowers, which resulted in a less significant provision for the period. 
 We adopted the Current Expected Credit Loss CECL accounting standard effective January 1, 2023. The CECL allowance model calculates reserves over the life of the loan and is largely driven by portfolio characteristics, economic outlook, and other key methodology assumptions versus the current accounting practice that utilizes the incurred loss model. The adoption of this ASU will result in a one-time cumulative-effect adjustment to the allowance for loan losses as of the day of adoption. We currently estimate a combined increase to our allowance for credit losses and reserve for unfunded commitments totaling between 5.0 million to 7.0 million in the aggregate. This change, net of tax benefit, will decrease the opening retained earnings balance as of January 1, 2023. The above range is disclosed due to the fact that we are still in the process of finalizing the CECL allowance mode, including the review of assumptions related to qualitative adjustments and economic forecasts; finalizing the execution of internal controls; and evaluating the impact to our financial statement disclosures. 
 
 Non-interest Income 
 Non-interest income is a secondary contributor to our net income. Non-interest income consists of service charges on deposit accounts, net gain on sale of securities, gain on sale of loans, loan-related fees, FHLB stock dividends, earnings on BOLI, and other income. 
 The following table details the components of non-interest income for the periods indicated. 
 (dollars in thousands) For the year ended Change Change December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Service charges on deposit accounts 467 424 43 10.14 Net gain on sale of securities 5 724 (719) (99.31) Gain on sale of loans 2,934 4,082 (1,148) (28.12) Loan-related fees 2,207 1,306 901 68.99 FHLB stock dividends 546 372 174 46.77 Earnings on BOLI 412 237 175 73.84 Other income 586 135 451 334.07 Total non-interest income 7,157 7,280 (123) (1.69) 
 
 Net gain on sale of securities. The decrease in net gain on sale of securities resulted primarily from the sale of approximately 47.1 million of municipal securities, U.S. government agency securities, and U.S. Treasuries during the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting in a 0.7 million gain, compared to the sale of approximately 1.6 million of municipal securities, resulting in a gain of 5.0 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Gain on sale of loans. The decrease in gain on sale of loans related primarily to an overall decline in the effective yields on loans sold due to uncertainty of the timing and magnitude of rising interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 50.8 million of loans were sold with an effective yield of 5.78 , as compared to approximately 41.4 million of loans sold with an effective yield of 9.46 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, a 1.8 million consumer loan portfolio was sold for a net gain of approximately 0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, which did not occur during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Loan-related fees. The increase in loan-related fees was primarily a result of: (i) an increase of 0.6 million in swap referral fees; (ii) an increase of 0.2 million in program fees earned for loans originated and serviced by a third party; and (iii) a 0.2 million increase in other fee income recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended 
 53 

December 31, 2021. These increases were partially offset by a decline of 0.1 million in loan referral income recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 FHLB stock dividends . The increase in FHLB stock dividends primarily relates to an increase in FHLB Class B shares held for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Earnings on BOLI . The increase in earnings on BOLI related primarily due to an additional BOLI policy purchased during the year ended December 31, 2022. Earnings on this policy were only recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, and did not occur during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Other income . The increase in other income resulted primarily from a 0.4 million gain recorded on two distributions received on investments in two venture-backed funds during the year ended December 31, 2022, which did not occur during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Non-interest Expense 
 Non-interest expense includes salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment, data processing and software, FDIC insurance, professional services, advertising and promotional, loan-related expenses, and other operating expenses. In evaluating our level of non-interest expense, we closely monitor our efficiency ratio. The efficiency ratio is calculated as non-interest expense divided by the sum of net interest income and non-interest income. We constantly seek to identify ways to streamline our business and operate more efficiently, which has enabled us to reduce our non-interest expense as a percentage of our revenue while continuing to achieve growth in total loans and assets. 
 Over the past several years, we have invested significant resources in personnel and infrastructure. Additionally, to support corporate organizational matters leading up to the IPO, we experienced increased audit, consulting, and legal costs, particularly during the year ended December 31, 2021. As a result, professional services expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2021. We do not anticipate incurring significant costs of this type in future periods, and we expect our efficiency ratio will improve going forward due, in part, to our past investment in infrastructure. 
 The following table details the components of non-interest expense for the periods indicated. 
 (dollars in thousands) For the year ended Change Change December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Salaries and employee benefits 22,571 19,825 2,746 13.85 Occupancy and equipment 2,059 1,938 121 6.24 Data processing and software 3,091 2,494 597 23.94 FDIC insurance 850 700 150 21.43 Professional services 2,467 3,792 (1,325) (34.94) Advertising and promotional 1,908 1,300 608 46.77 Loan-related expenses 1,287 1,045 242 23.16 Other operating expenses 6,436 4,949 1,487 30.05 Total non-interest expense 40,669 36,043 4,626 12.83 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits. The increase in salaries and employee benefits was primarily a result of a 3.6 million increase in salaries, insurance, and benefits as a result of a 9.20 increase in headcount and a 0.2 million increase in commissions expense related to increased production during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was partially offset by an increase in loan origination costs of 1.0 million due to increased production during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Occupancy and equipment . The increase in occupancy and equipment was primarily the result of an overall increase in depreciation recognized for furniture, fixtures, and equipment that were purchased to support the 9.20 increase in headcount described above, combined with an overall increase in occupancy expenses period-over-period. 
 Data processing and software . The increase in data processing and software expenditures related primarily to: (i) increased usage of our digital banking platform; (ii) higher transaction volumes related to the increased number of loan and deposit accounts; and (iii) increased number of licenses required for new users on our loan origination and documentation system. 
 54 

FDIC insurance. The increase in FDIC insurance related primarily to an increase in the FDIC assessment base and asset growth for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Professional services. Professional services decreased, primarily as a result of expenses recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the increased audit, consulting, and legal costs incurred to support corporate organizational matters leading up to the Company's IPO in May 2021, which did not recur during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Advertising and promotional. The increase in advertising and promotional costs was primarily related to increases in business development, marketing, and sponsorship expenses due to more in-person participation in events held during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Loan-related expenses. The increase in loan-related expenses related primarily to: (i) 0.1 million of increased UCC filing fees to support consumer loans originated; and (ii) an overall increase in expenses incurred for insurance and taxes, loan legal fees, environmental reports, and inspections to support loan production for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Other operating expenses . The increase in other operating expenses includes a 0.3 million increase related to previously unamortized subordinated debt issuance costs recognized as an other expense upon redemption of the subordinated notes in December 2022. The remainder of the increase related to: (i) 0.7 million for expenses incurred for travel and fees paid for attendance of professional events, conferences, and other business-related events; (ii) 0.3 million of increased bank charges incurred related to correspondent bank and letter of credit fees incurred to support operations; and (iii) 0.2 million of increased insurance expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The remainder of the change related to an overall increase in expenses to support the growth in customers period-over-period. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The Company terminated its status as a Subchapter S corporation as of May 5, 2021, in connection with its IPO, and became a C Corporation. Prior to that date, as an S Corporation, the Company had no U.S. federal income tax expense. The provision recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 yielded an effective tax rate of 28.73 . Refer to the section entitled Pro Forma C Corporation Income Tax Expense below for a discussion on what the Company s income tax expense and net income potentially could have been had the Company been taxed as a C Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 In conjunction with the termination of the Subchapter S corporation status as of May 5, 2021, the C Corporation deferred tax assets and liabilities were estimated for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of the Company s existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. The deferred tax assets and liabilities were measured using tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of the change in tax rates resulting from becoming a C Corporation was recognized by increasing the net deferred tax asset to 5.4 million through a reduction to the provision for income taxes of 4.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Provision for income taxes increased by 13.4 million, or 283.62 , to 18.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is due to an increase in taxable income, combined with an increase in the effective tax rate for each period, from 9.98 to 28.73 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively. The lower tax rate used during the year ended December 31, 2021 was the result of the Company's termination of its Subchapter S Corporation status as of May 5, 2021. 
 
 Pro Forma C Corporation Income Tax Expense 
 Because of the Company s status as a Subchapter S Corporation prior to May 5, 2021, no U.S. federal income tax expense was recorded for a portion of the year ended December 31, 2021. Had the Company been taxed as a C Corporation and paid U.S. federal income tax for the entirety of that period, the combined statutory income tax rate would have been 29.56 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the pro forma statutory rate reflects a U.S. federal income tax rate of 21.00 and a California state income tax rate of 8.56 , after adjustment for the federal tax benefit, on corporate taxable income. The pro forma statutory rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 was calculated using an effective tax rate of 19.80 , which is the actual effective tax rate, excluding the effects of the discrete deferred tax adjustment of 4.6 million, discussed above. As a result, the Company s pro forma provision for income taxes and pro forma net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 9.3 million and 37.8 million, respectively. 
 55 

FINANCIAL CONDITION SUMMARY 
 The following discussion compares our financial condition as of December 31, 2022 to our financial condition as of December 31, 2021. The following table summarizes selected components of our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total assets 3,227,159 2,556,761 Cash and cash equivalents 259,991 425,329 Total investments 119,744 153,753 Loans held for investment 2,791,326 1,934,460 Total deposits 2,782,004 2,285,890 Subordinated notes, net 73,606 28,386 Total shareholders equity 252,825 235,046 
 
 Total Assets 
 At December 31, 2022, total assets were 3.2 billion, an increase of 670.4 million from 2.6 billion at December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in total loans held for investment. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Total cash and cash equivalents were 260.0 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 165.3 million, as compared to 425.3 million at December 31, 2021. The change primarily resulted from originations of loans held for investment, net of repayments, of 848.3 million, originations of loans held for sale of 60.2 million, the redemption of subordinated notes for 28.8 million, and dividend payments of 15.3 million. These outlays were partially offset by an increase in deposits of 496.1 million, FHLB borrowings of 100.0 million, an issuance of 75.0 million of subordinated notes in August 2022, proceeds from loans held for sale of 53.7 million, maturities, prepayments, calls of securities available-for-sale of 15.5 million, and net income of 44.8 million. 
 
 Investment Portfolio 
 Our investment portfolio is primarily comprised of U.S. government agencies, mortgage-backed securities, and obligations of states and political subdivisions, which are high-quality liquid investments. We manage our investment portfolio according to written investment policies approved by our board of directors. Our investment strategy aims to maximize earnings while maintaining liquidity in securities with minimal credit risk and interest rate risk that is reflective of the yields obtained on those securities. Most of our securities are classified as available-for-sale, although we have one long-term, fixed rate municipal security classified as held-to-maturity. 
 Our total securities available-for-sale and held to maturity amounted to 119.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 153.8 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 34.1 million year-over-year. The decrease was primarily due to an unrealized loss (tax-effected) on securities of 12.9 million, primarily in our mortgage-backed and municipal securities portfolios, resulting in tax-effected decreases to those portfolios of 7.6 million and 6.6 million, respectively. This unrealized loss was recognized as a result of interest rate increases that occurred during the period. 

56 

The following table presents the carrying value of our securities by their stated maturities, as well as the weighted average yields for each maturity range, at December 31, 2022: 
 Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total (dollars in thousands) Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Available-for-sale: U.S. government agencies 849 1.98 2,625 3.61 10,699 2.90 14,173 2.98 Mortgage-backed securities 2 6.94 61,269 1.67 61,271 1.67 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 501 2.80 4,761 1.63 33,164 1.76 38,426 1.76 Collateralized mortgage obligations 395 1.76 395 1.76 Corporate bonds 1,723 1.25 1,723 1.25 Total available-for-sale 501 2.80 2,572 1.49 7,388 2.33 105,527 1.82 115,988 1.85 Held-to-maturity: Obligations of states and political subdivisions 417 6.00 1,015 6.00 1,470 6.00 854 6.00 3,756 6.00 918 4.25 3,587 2.77 8,858 2.94 106,381 1.86 119,744 1.98 
 57 

The following table presents the carrying value of our securities by their stated maturities, as well as the weighted average yields for each maturity range, at December 31, 2021: 
 Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total (dollars in thousands) Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Carrying Value Weighted Average Yield Available-for-sale: U.S. government agencies 1,591 1.97 3,814 0.69 14,277 0.19 19,682 0.43 Mortgage-backed securities 3 6.90 81,510 1.51 81,513 1.51 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 522 2.80 3,748 1.56 40,867 1.69 45,137 1.69 Collateralized mortgage obligations 540 1.73 540 1.73 Corporate bonds 1,935 1.25 1,935 1.25 Total available-for-sale 4,048 1.73 7,565 1.12 137,194 1.43 148,807 1.42 Held-to-maturity: Obligations of states and political subdivisions 491 6.00 951 6.00 3,504 6.00 4,946 6.00 491 6.00 4,999 2.54 11,069 2.67 137,194 1.43 153,753 1.57 
 Weighted average yield for securities available-for-sale is the projected yield to maturity given current cash flow projections for U.S. government agencies, mortgage-backed securities, and collateralized mortgage obligations and is a yield to worst for callable municipal securities and corporate bonds. Weighted average yield for securities held-to-maturity is the stated coupon of the bond. 
 58 

Loan Portfolio 
 Our loan portfolio is our largest class of interest-earning assets and typically provides higher yields than other types of interest-earning assets. Associated with the higher yields is an inherent amount of credit risk, which we attempt to mitigate with strong underwriting. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our total loans amounted to 2.8 billion and 1.9 billion, respectively. The following table presents the balance and associated percentage of each major product type within our portfolio as of the dates indicated. 
 As of (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amount of Loans Amount of Loans Loans held for investment: Real estate: Commercial 2,394,674 85.44 1,586,232 81.48 Commercial land and development 7,477 0.27 7,376 0.38 Commercial construction 88,669 3.16 54,214 2.78 Residential construction 6,693 0.24 7,388 0.38 Residential 24,230 0.86 28,562 1.47 Farmland 52,478 1.87 54,805 2.82 Commercial: Secured 165,186 5.89 137,062 7.03 Unsecured 25,431 0.91 21,136 1.09 PPP 22,124 1.14 Consumer and other 28,628 1.02 17,167 0.88 Loans held for investment, gross 2,793,466 99.66 1,936,066 99.45 Loans held for sale: Commercial 9,416 0.34 10,671 0.55 Total loans, gross 2,802,882 100.00 1,946,737 100.00 Net deferred loan fees (2,140) (1,606) Total loans 2,800,742 1,945,131 
 Commercial real estate loans consist of term loans secured by a mortgage lien on the real property, such as office and industrial buildings, manufactured home communities, self-storage facilities, hospitality properties, faith-based properties, retail shopping centers, and apartment buildings, as well as commercial real estate construction loans that are offered to builders and developers. 
 Commercial land and development and commercial construction loans consist of loans made to fund commercial land acquisition and development and commercial construction. The real estate purchased with these loans is generally located in or near our market. 
 Commercial loans consist of financing for commercial purposes in various lines of business, including manufacturing, service industry, and professional service areas. Commercial loans can be secured or unsecured but are generally secured with the assets of the company and/or the personal guaranty of the business owners. 
 Residential real estate and construction real estate loans consist of loans secured by single-family and multifamily residential properties which are both owner-occupied and investor owned. 
 59 

The following tables present the commercial real estate loan balance, associated percentage of commercial real estate concentrations by collateral type, estimated collateral values, and related loan-to-value LTV ranges as of the dates indicated. Revolving lines of credit with zero balance and 0.00 LTV are excluded from this table. Collateral values are determined at origination using third-party real estate appraisals or evaluations. Updated appraisals, which are included in the table below, are obtained for loans that are downgraded to watch or substandard. Loans over 1.0 million are reviewed annually, at which time an internal assessment of collateral values is completed. 
 (dollars in thousands) Loan Balance of Commercial Real Estate Collateral Value Minimum LTV Maximum LTV December 31, 2022 Manufactured home community 673,891 28.14 1,174,642 17.10 78.19 RV Park 292,886 12.23 506,041 18.64 77.89 Retail 264,599 11.05 490,291 16.48 73.93 Multifamily 202,203 8.44 459,695 14.19 75.00 Industrial 166,403 6.95 366,291 10.77 75.00 Mini storage 158,650 6.63 289,820 20.20 70.04 Faith-based 146,740 6.13 383,321 3.19 73.55 Office 145,899 6.09 310,248 6.66 74.68 All other types 1 
 343,403 14.34 704,984 152.96 Total 2,394,674 100.00 4,685,333 152.96 
 (dollars in thousands) Loan Balance of Commercial Real Estate Collateral Value Minimum LTV Maximum LTV December 31, 2021 Manufactured home community 388,133 24.47 636,449 16.65 74.41 Retail 166,960 10.53 307,376 5.10 75.00 Multifamily 152,412 9.61 350,953 5.13 75.00 Industrial 135,401 8.54 318,875 1.43 74.51 Office 134,728 8.49 294,367 1.67 75.00 RV Park 130,777 8.24 212,820 14.22 78.00 Faith-based 108,718 6.85 272,383 4.59 80.14 Mini storage 85,712 5.40 159,810 20.76 69.05 Mixed use 83,270 5.25 155,961 1.04 71.98 All other types 1 
 200,121 12.62 473,952 8.00 94.97 Total 1,586,232 100.00 3,182,946 1.04 94.97 
 1 Types of collateral in the all other types category are those that individually make up less than 5.00 commercial real estate concentration and include hospitality properties, auto dealerships, car washes, assisted living communities, country clubs, gas stations/convenience stores, medical offices, special purpose properties, mortuaries, restaurants, and schools. 
 Over the past few years, we have experienced significant growth in our loan portfolio, although the relative composition of the portfolio has not changed significantly (when PPP loans are excluded). Our primary focus remains commercial real estate lending (including commercial, commercial land and development, and commercial construction), which constitutes 88.87 of our portfolio at December 31, 2022. Commercial secured lending (consisting primarily of SBA 7(a) loans under 350,000) represents 5.89 of our portfolio at December 31, 2022. We sell the guaranteed portion of all SBA 7(a) loans, excluding PPP loans, in the secondary market and will continue to do so as long as market conditions continue to be favorable. 
 We recognize that our commercial real estate loan concentration is significant within our balance sheet. Commercial real estate loan balances as a percentage of risk-based capital were 680.34 and 577.92 as of December 31, 2022 and 
 60 

December 31, 2021, respectively. We have established internal concentration limits in the loan portfolio for commercial real estate loans by sector (i.e., manufactured home communities, self-storage, hospitality, etc.). All loan sectors were within our established limits as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, our loans are geographically concentrated with borrowers and collateral properties primarily in California. 
 We believe that our past success is attributable to focusing on products and markets where we have significant expertise. Given our concentrations, we have established strong risk management practices, including risk-based lending standards, self-established product and geographical limits, annual evaluations of income property loans, and semi-annual top-down and bottom-up stress testing. We expect to continue growing our loan portfolio. We do not expect our product or geographic concentrations to materially change. 
 The following table sets forth the contractual maturities of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022: 
 (dollars in thousands) Due in 1 year or less Due after 1 year through 5 years Due after 5 years through 15 years Due after 15 years Total Real estate: Commercial 19,406 227,519 2,083,818 63,931 2,394,674 Commercial land and development 1,611 5,053 813 7,477 Commercial construction 1,957 37,510 49,202 88,669 Residential construction 594 4,783 1,316 6,693 Residential 348 6,635 16,248 999 24,230 Farmland 992 5,685 45,801 52,478 Commercial: Secured 36,154 46,814 88,418 3,216 174,602 Unsecured 55 10,347 15,029 25,431 Consumer and other 1,321 8,234 19,067 6 28,628 Total 62,438 352,580 2,319,712 68,152 2,802,882 
 The following table sets forth the contractual maturities of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2021: 
 (dollars in thousands) Due in 1 year or less Due after 1 year through 5 years Due after 5 years through 15 years Due after 15 years Total Real estate: Commercial 32,107 170,222 1,343,367 40,536 1,586,232 Commercial land and development 1,209 6,167 7,376 Commercial construction 3,418 17,575 32,131 1,090 54,214 Residential construction 5,609 1,779 7,388 Residential 1,183 8,246 17,871 1,262 28,562 Farmland 3,876 8,116 42,813 54,805 Commercial: Secured 31,436 29,880 82,526 3,891 147,733 Unsecured 1,182 3,976 15,978 21,136 PPP 598 21,526 22,124 Consumer and other 35 3,619 13,513 17,167 Total 80,653 271,106 1,548,199 46,779 1,946,737 
 61 

The following table sets forth the sensitivity to interest rate changes of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022: 
 (dollars in thousands) Fixed Interest Rates Floating or Adjustable Rates Total Real estate: Commercial 552,206 1,842,468 2,394,674 Commercial land and development 1,514 5,963 7,477 Commercial construction 1,405 87,264 88,669 Residential construction 3,366 3,327 6,693 Residential 1,531 22,699 24,230 Farmland 6,261 46,217 52,478 Commercial: Secured 37,517 137,085 174,602 Unsecured 20,607 4,824 25,431 Consumer and other 28,628 28,628 Total 653,035 2,149,847 2,802,882 
 The following table sets forth the sensitivity to interest rate changes of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2021: 
 (dollars in thousands) Fixed Interest Rates Floating or Adjustable Rates Total Real estate: Commercial 394,648 1,191,584 1,586,232 Commercial land and development 722 6,654 7,376 Commercial construction 54,214 54,214 Residential construction 7,388 7,388 Residential 2,222 26,340 28,562 Farmland 4,183 50,622 54,805 Commercial: Secured 34,771 112,962 147,733 Unsecured 19,841 1,295 21,136 PPP 22,124 22,124 Consumer and other 17,167 17,167 Total 495,678 1,451,059 1,946,737 
 
 Asset Quality 
 We manage the quality of our loans based upon trends at the overall loan portfolio level as well as within each product type. We measure and monitor key factors that include the level and trend of classified, delinquent, non-accrual, and nonperforming assets, collateral coverage, credit scores, and debt service coverage, where applicable. These metrics directly impact our evaluation of the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses. 
 Our primary objective is to maintain a high level of asset quality in our loan portfolio. We believe our underwriting practices and policies, established by experienced professionals, appropriately govern the risk profile for our loan portfolio. These policies are continually evaluated and updated as necessary. All loans are assessed and assigned a risk classification at origination based on underlying characteristics of the transaction, such as collateral cash flow, collateral coverage, and borrower strength. We believe that we have a comprehensive methodology to proactively monitor our credit quality after the origination process. Particular emphasis is placed on our commercial portfolio, where risk assessments are reevaluated as a result of reviewing commercial property operating statements and borrower financials. On an ongoing basis, we also monitor payment performance, delinquencies, and tax and property insurance compliance. We design our practices to 
 62 

facilitate the early detection and remediation of problems within our loan portfolio. Assigned risk classifications are an integral part of management assessing the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses. We periodically employ the use of an independent consulting firm to evaluate our underwriting and risk assessment process. Like other financial institutions, we are subject to the risk that our loan portfolio will be exposed to increasing pressures from deteriorating borrower credit due to general economic conditions. 
 Nonperforming Assets 
 Our nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans and foreclosed real estate, if any. Nonperforming loans consist of non-accrual loans and loans contractually past due by 90 days or more and still accruing. Loans on which the accrual of interest has been discontinued are designated as non-accrual loans. Accrual of interest on loans is discontinued either when reasonable doubt exists as to the full and timely collection of interest or principal or when a loan becomes contractually past due by 90 days or more with respect to interest or principal. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, all interest previously accrued, but not collected, is reversed against current period interest income. Income on such loans is then recognized only to the extent that cash is received and where the future collection of principal is probable. Interest accruals are resumed on such loans only when they are brought fully current with respect to interest and principal and when, in the judgment of management, the loans are estimated to be fully collectible as to both principal and interest. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 We consider a loan to be a TDR when we have granted a concession and the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. This evaluation is performed under our internal underwriting policy. A TDR loan generally is kept on non-accrual status until, among other criteria, the borrower has paid for six consecutive months with no payment defaults, at which time the TDR may be placed back on accrual status. 
 PPP Loan Forgiveness 
 At December 31, 2021, there were 60 PPP loans outstanding totaling 22.1 million. All PPP loans had been forgiven or paid off by the borrower as of December 31, 2022. 
 SBA 7(a) Payments Made Under the CARES Act 
 Section 1112 of the CARES Act required the SBA to make payments on new and existing 7(a) loans for up to six months. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 amended this section of the CARES Act to extend the payment on 7(a) loans in existence on March 27, 2020, beginning on February 1, 2021, for up to eight or eleven months, depending on the borrower s industry code, and to require the SBA to make up to three months of payments on new 7(a) loans approved between February 1, 2021 and September 30, 2021. These payments are not deferments but rather full payments of principal and interest that the borrower will not be responsible for in the future. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the SBA made payments under this program on 29 of our SBA 7(a) loans, totaling 161.0 thousand in principal and interest. No additional payments are expected. 
 SBA Loans 
 During 2022, the Company sold 172 SBA 7(a) loans with government-guaranteed portions totaling 50.8 million. Of the loans sold in 2022, the Company received gross proceeds of 53.7 million, resulting in a net gain on sale of 2.9 million. 
 During 2021, the Company sold 169 SBA 7(a) loans with government-guaranteed portions totaling 41.4 million. Of the loans sold in 2021, the Company received gross proceeds of 45.3 million, resulting in a net gain on sale of 3.9 million. 
 63 

Non-accrual Loans 
 The following table provides details of our nonperforming and restructured assets and certain other related information as of the dates presented: 
 (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Non-accrual loans Real estate: Commercial 106 122 Residential 175 178 Commercial: Secured 123 288 Total non-accrual loans 404 588 Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing Total loans past due and still accruing Total nonperforming loans 404 588 Real estate owned Total nonperforming assets 404 588 COVID-19 deferments 12,156 Performing TDRs (not included above) Allowance for loan losses to period end non-accrual loans 7,026.98 3,954.30 Non-accrual loans to loans held for investment 0.01 0.03 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.01 0.02 Nonperforming loans plus performing TDRs to loans held for investment 0.01 0.03 Net (charge-offs) recoveries to average loans held for investment (0.07) (0.04) COVID-19 deferments to loans held for investment 0.63 
 The ratio of non-accrual loans to period end loans was 0.01 at December 31, 2022, decreasing from 0.03 as of December 31, 2021, partially due to a decline in our non-accrual loans. 
 The ratio of the allowance for loan losses to period end non-accrual loans increased from 3,954.30 as of December 31, 2021 to 7,026.98 as of December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to a 22.14 increase in the allowance for loan losses from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, combined with a 31.29 reduction in period end non-accrual loans from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, which was primarily due to a decrease of 0.2 million in commercial secured non-accrual loans from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 Potential Problem Loans 
 We utilize a risk grading system for our loans to aid us in evaluating the overall credit quality of our real estate loan portfolio and assessing the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses. All loans are grouped into a risk category at the time of origination. Commercial real estate loans over 1.0 million are reevaluated at least annually for proper classification in conjunction with our review of property and borrower financial information. All loans are reevaluated for proper risk grading as new information such as payment patterns, collateral condition, and other relevant information comes to our attention. 
 64 

The banking industry defines loans graded substandard or doubtful as classified loans. Loans by credit quality risk rating were as follows as of the periods indicated: 
 (dollars in thousands) Pass Watch Substandard Doubtful Total December 31, 2022 Real estate: Commercial 2,379,766 14,802 106 2,394,674 Commercial land and development 7,477 7,477 Commercial construction 82,769 5,900 88,669 Residential construction 6,693 6,693 Residential 24,055 175 24,230 Farmland 52,478 52,478 Commercial: Secured 163,879 1,184 123 165,186 Unsecured 25,431 25,431 Consumer 28,602 26 28,628 Total 2,771,150 21,886 430 2,793,466 December 31, 2021 
 Real estate: Commercial 1,575,006 1,970 9,256 1,586,232 Commercial land and development 7,376 7,376 Commercial construction 48,288 5,926 54,214 Residential construction 7,388 7,388 Residential 28,384 178 28,562 Farmland 54,805 54,805 Commercial: Secured 135,131 751 1,180 137,062 Unsecured 21,136 21,136 PPP 22,124 22,124 Consumer 17,167 17,167 Total 1,916,805 8,647 10,614 1,936,066 
 Loans designated as watch or substandard, which are not considered adversely classified, increased to 22.3 million at December 31, 2022 from 19.3 million at December 31, 2021. Loans designated as watch increased period-over-period, primarily due to an increase in commercial real estate loans designated as watch, resulting in a net increase in reserves related to watch loans. Loans designated substandard decreased period-over-period, primarily due to a payoff of commercial real estate loans designated as substandard, resulting in a net decrease in reserves related to substandard loans. In total, reserves related to classified and watch loans decreased by 12.0 thousand period-over-period, which was offset by additional provision for loan growth. There were no loans with doubtful risk grades at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses charged to operations. Loans are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management believes that the collectability of the principal is unlikely. Subsequent recoveries of previously charged-off amounts, if any, are credited to the allowance for loan losses. 
 The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by management and is based on management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, and 
 65 

prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective, as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 
 While the entire allowance for loan losses is available to absorb losses from any and all loans, the following table represents management s allocation of our allowance for loan losses by loan category, and the percentage of the allowance for loan losses allocated to each category, for the periods indicated. 
 The allowance for loan losses was 28.4 million at December 31, 2022, as compared to 23.2 million at December 31, 2021. The 5.2 million increase is due to a 6.7 million provision for loan losses recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022, offset by net charge-offs of 1.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The following table is a summary of the allowance for loan losses by loan class as of the periods indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands) Dollars of Total Dollars of Total Real estate: Commercial 19,216 67.69 12,869 55.37 Commercial land and development 54 0.19 50 0.22 Commercial construction 645 2.27 371 1.60 Residential construction 49 0.17 50 0.22 Residential 175 0.62 192 0.83 Farmland 644 2.27 645 2.78 Commercial: Secured 6,975 24.57 6,687 28.77 Unsecured 116 0.41 207 0.89 Consumer and other 347 1.22 889 3.82 Unallocated 45 0.16 1,111 4.78 28,266 99.57 23,071 99.28 Individually evaluated for impairment 123 0.43 172 0.72 Total allowance for loan losses 28,389 100.00 23,243 100.00 
 The ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment was 1.02 at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.20 at December 31, 2021. Excluding PPP loans, the ratio of the allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment was 1.02 and 1.22 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See the section entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Non-accrual loans totaled 0.4 million, or 0.01 of total loans held for investment, at December 31, 2022, decreasing from 0.6 million, or 0.03 of total loans held for investment, at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Liabilities 
 During 2022, total liabilities increased by 652.6 million from 2.3 billion at December 31, 2021 to 3.0 billion at December 31, 2022. This increase was primarily due to an increase in total deposits of 496.1 million, comprised of increases of 69.1 million in non-interest-bearing deposits and 427.0 million in interest-bearing deposits, FHLB advances of 100.0 million, and subordinated notes issued of 75.0 million, partially offset by subordinated notes redeemed of 28.8 million. 
 
 Deposits 
 Representing 93.53 of our total liabilities as of December 31, 2022, deposits are our primary source of funding for our business operations. 
 Total deposits increased by 496.1 million, or 21.70 , to 2.8 billion at December 31, 2022 from 2.3 billion as of December 31, 2021. Deposit increases were attributed to an increase in the number of new relationships, as well as fluctuations in our existing accounts. Non-interest-bearing deposits increased by 69.1 million in 2022 to 1.0 billion, and 
 66 

represented 34.91 of total deposits at December 31, 2022, as compared to 39.46 of total deposits at December 31, 2021. Our loan to deposit ratio was 100.67 at December 31, 2022, as compared to 85.09 at December 31, 2021. The increase in the ratio coincided with growth in our business. We closely monitor the loan to deposit ratio for purposes of both operational objectives and regulatory capital compliance. We intend to continue to operate our business with a loan to deposit ratio within the range of these levels. 
 The following tables summarize our deposit composition by average deposits and average rates paid for the periods indicated: 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands) Average Amount Average Rate Paid of Total Deposits Average Amount Average Rate Paid of Total Deposits Interest-bearing transaction accounts 242,222 0.18 9.57 155,163 0.10 7.55 Money market and savings accounts 1,102,057 0.62 43.55 1,009,847 0.19 49.17 Time accounts 203,392 1.79 8.04 53,222 0.32 2.59 Demand accounts 982,915 38.84 835,834 40.69 Total deposits 2,530,586 0.43 100.00 2,054,066 0.11 100.00 
 Uninsured deposits, excluding time deposits, totaled 1.2 billion and 1.3 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our 40 largest deposit relationships, each accounting for more than 10.0 million, totaled 1.5 billion, or 52.15 of our total deposits. As of December 31, 2021, our 26 largest deposit relationships, each accounting for more than 10.0 million, totaled 912.7 million, or 39.93 of our total deposits. Overall, our large deposit relationships have been relatively consistent over time and have helped to continue to grow our deposit base. Our large deposit relationships are comprised of the following entity types as of the periods indicated: 
 (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Municipalities 601,968 424,483 Non-profit 195,996 181,080 Business 527,921 307,132 Brokered deposits 124,993 Total 1,450,878 912,695 
 Our largest single deposit relationship at December 31, 2022 related to a government agency. The balances for this customer were 180.0 million, or 6.47 of total deposits, as of that date. At December 31, 2021, our largest single deposit relationship related to a non-profit association that supports hospitals and health systems and had balances of 155.0 million, or 6.78 of total deposits, at that date. As our demand deposits fluctuate during a rising rate environment, we have purchased brokered deposits as needed to supplement liquidity. We do not consider brokered deposits as core deposits, but as another deposit funding source for our loan growth. 
 67 

The following table sets forth the maturity of time deposits as of December 31, 2022: 
 (dollars in thousands) 250,000 or Greater 
 Less than 250,000 
 Total Uninsured Portion 
 Remaining maturity: Three months or less 134,617 130,322 264,939 131,867 Over three through six months 56,948 10,744 67,692 55,448 Over six through twelve months 4,314 2,361 6,675 2,314 Over twelve months 2,280 928 3,208 1,029 Total 198,159 144,355 342,514 190,658 
 
 FHLB Advances and Other Borrowings 
 From time to time, we utilize short-term collateralized FHLB borrowings to maintain adequate liquidity. There was 100.0 million of borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and no borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 
 In 2022, we issued subordinated notes of 75.0 million. This debt was issued to investors in private placement transactions. See Note 9, Long Term Debt and Other Borrowings, in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding these subordinated notes. The proceeds of the notes constitute Tier 2 capital under the regulatory capital rules of the federal banking agencies. The following table is a summary of our outstanding subordinated notes as of December 31, 2022: 
 (dollars in thousands) Issuance Date Amount of Notes Prepayment Right Maturity Date Subordinated notes August 2022 75,000 August 17, 2027 September 1, 2032 Fixed at 6.00 through September 1, 2027, then three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus 329.0 basis points (8.03 as of December 31, 2022) through maturity 
 
 On December 15, 2022, we redeemed 25.0 million and 3.8 million of subordinated notes issued on September 28, 2017 and November 8, 2019, respectively. Both subordinated notes were paid off using proceeds from the issuance of the subordinated notes of 75.0 million as discussed above. 
 
 Shareholders Equity 
 Shareholders equity totaled 252.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 235.0 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in shareholders equity was primarily attributable to net income recognized of 44.8 million, partially offset by a net decline of 12.9 million in other comprehensive income resulting from rising interest rates and 15.3 million in cash distributions paid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity Management 
 We manage liquidity based upon factors that include the level of diversification of our funding sources, the composition of our deposit types, the availability of unused funding sources, our off-balance sheet obligations, the amount of cash and liquid securities we hold, and the availability of assets to be readily converted into cash without undue loss. As the primary federal regulator of the Bank, the FDIC evaluates the liquidity of the Bank on a stand-alone basis pursuant to applicable guidance and policies. 
 Liquidity refers to our capacity to meet our cash obligations at a reasonable cost. Our cash obligations require us to have cash flow that is adequate to fund loan growth and maintain on-balance sheet liquidity while meeting present and future obligations of deposit withdrawals, borrowing maturities, and other contractual cash obligations. In managing our cash flows, management regularly confronts situations that can give rise to increased liquidity risk. These include funding mismatches, market constraints in accessing sources of funds, and the ability to convert assets into cash. Changes in 
 68 

economic conditions or exposure to credit, market, operational, legal, or reputational risks could also affect the Bank s liquidity risk profile and are considered in the assessment of liquidity management. 
 The Company is a corporation separate and apart from the Bank and, therefore, must provide for its own liquidity, including liquidity required to meet its debt service requirements on its subordinated debt. The Company s main source of cash flow is dividends declared and paid to it by the Bank. There are statutory and regulatory limitations that affect the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company, including various legal and regulatory provisions that limit the amount of dividends the Bank can pay to the Company without regulatory approval. Under the California Financial Code, payment of a dividend from the Bank to Bancorp without advance regulatory approval is restricted to the lesser of the Bank s retained earnings or the amount of the Bank s net income from the previous three fiscal years less the amount of dividends paid during that period. We believe that these limitations will not impact our ability to meet our ongoing short-term cash obligations. For contingency purposes, the Company maintains a minimum level of cash to fund one year s projected operating cash flow needs plus two years subordinated notes debt service. We continually monitor our liquidity position in order to meet all reasonably foreseeable short-term, long-term, and strategic liquidity demands. Management has established a comprehensive process for identifying, measuring, monitoring, and controlling liquidity risk. Because of its critical importance to the viability of the Bank, liquidity risk management is fully integrated into our risk management processes. Critical elements of our liquidity risk management include effective corporate governance, consisting of oversight by the board of directors and active involvement by management; appropriate strategies, policies, procedures, and limits used to manage and mitigate liquidity risk; comprehensive liquidity risk measurement and monitoring systems, including stress tests, that are commensurate with the complexity of our business activities; active management of intraday liquidity and collateral; an appropriately diverse mix of existing and potential future funding sources; adequate levels of highly liquid marketable securities free of legal, regulatory, or operational impediments that can be used to meet liquidity needs in stress situations; comprehensive contingency funding plans that sufficiently address potential adverse liquidity events and emergency cash flow requirements; and internal controls and internal audit processes sufficient to determine the adequacy of the Bank s liquidity risk management process. 
 Our liquidity position is supported by management of our liquid assets and liabilities and access to alternative sources of funds. Our liquidity requirements are met primarily through our deposits, FHLB advances, and the principal and interest payments we receive on loans and investment securities. Cash on hand, cash at third-party banks, investments available-for-sale, and maturing or prepaying balances in our investment and loan portfolios are our most liquid assets. Other sources of liquidity that are routinely available to us include funds from retail and wholesale deposits, advances from the FHLB, and proceeds from the sale of loans. Less commonly used sources of funding include borrowings from the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco discount window, draws on established federal funds lines from unaffiliated commercial banks, and the issuance of debt or equity securities. We believe that we have ample liquidity resources to fund future growth and meet other cash needs as necessary. 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Our executive officers and board of directors review our sources and potential uses of cash in connection with our annual budgeting process. Generally speaking, our principal funding source is cash from gathering of deposits, and our principal uses of cash include funding of loans, operating expenses, income taxes, and dividend payments, as described below. We also had significant cash inflows as a result of our subordinated note issuance in 2022 and our IPO in 2021. 
 Based on our current capital allocation objectives, during 2023, we project spending 1.3 million related to continued build-out of our IT systems and processes and allocating 12.3 million of cash for dividends on our common stock. 
 For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2023, we project that our fixed commitments could potentially include: (i) approximately 329.1 million to fund off-balance sheet commitments outstanding at December 31, 2022; (ii) 5.8 million for IT services, IT support, and compliance expenditures; and (iii) 1.0 million for operating leases. In future years, we expect that our main sources and uses of cash will relate primarily to regular operating activities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management believes the above-mentioned sources will provide adequate liquidity during the next twelve months for the Bank to meet its operating needs. 
 IPO 
 On May 7, 2021, we completed our IPO at a price of 20.00 per share. We raised approximately 111.2 million in net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately 8.5 million and certain estimated 
 69 

offering expenses payable by us of approximately of 1.3 million. The net proceeds, less 2.1 million in other related expenses, including audit fees, legal fees, listing fees, and other expenses, totaled 109.1 million. 
 Loans 
 Loans are a significant use of cash in daily operations, and a source of cash as customers make payments on their loans or as loans are sold to other financial institutions. Cash flows from loans are affected by the timing and amount of customer payments and prepayments, changes in interest rates, the general economic environment, competition, and the political environment. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had cash outflows of 848.3 million in loan originations and advances, net of principal collected, and 60.2 million in loans originated for sale. 
 Additionally, we enter into commitments to extend credit in the ordinary course of business, such as commitments to fund new loans and undisbursed construction funds. While these commitments represent contractual cash requirements, a portion of these commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon. Therefore, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. At December 31, 2022, total off-balance sheet commitments totaled 329.1 million. We expect to fund these commitments to the extent utilized primarily through the repayment of existing loans, deposit growth, and liquid assets. 
 Deposits 
 Deposits are our primary source of funding for our business operations, and the cost of deposits has a significant impact on our net interest income and net interest margin. 
 Our deposits are made up of primarily money market and non-interest-bearing demand deposits. Aside from commercial and business clients, a significant portion of our deposits are from municipalities and non-profit organizations. Cash flows from deposits are impacted by the timing and amount of customer deposits, changes in market rates, and collateral availability. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had significant cash inflows related to an increase in deposits of 496.1 million, primarily as a result of an increase in the number of new relationships, fluctuations in existing accounts, and new certificates of deposit. 
 Over the next twelve months, approximately 339.3 million of time deposits are expected to mature. In addition, we expect 3.2 million of time deposits to mature through 2027. As these time deposits mature, some of these deposits may not renew due to the competition in the Bank's marketplace. However, based on our historical runoff experience, we expect the outflow will not be significant and can be replenished through our organic growth in deposits. We believe our emphasis on local deposits, combined with our third-party financing availability, as discussed below, provides a stable funding base. 
 Investment Securities 
 Our investment securities totaled 119.7 million at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, 51.17 and 35.22 of our investment portfolio consisted of mortgage-backed securities and obligations of states and political subdivisions, respectively. Cash proceeds from mortgage-backed securities result from payments of principal and interest by borrowers. Cash proceeds from obligations of states and political subdivisions occur when these securities are called or mature. Assuming the current prepayment speed and interest rate environment, we expect to receive approximately 8.6 million from our securities over the next twelve months. In future periods, we expect to maintain approximately the same level of cash flows from our securities. Depending on market yield and our liquidity, we may purchase securities as a use of cash in our interest-earning asset portfolio. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had cash proceeds from sales, maturities, calls, and prepayments of securities of 17.1 million, partially offset by cash outflows of 2.6 million related to investment securities purchased. Additionally, at December 31, 2022, securities available-for-sale totaled 116.0 million, of which 40.5 million have been pledged as collateral for borrowings and other commitments. 
 70 

Future Contractual Obligations 
 Our estimated future obligations as of December 31, 2022 include both current and long-term obligations. Under our operating leases as discussed in Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, we have a current obligation of 1.0 million and a long-term obligation of 3.5 million. We also have a current obligation of 339.3 million and a long-term obligation of 3.2 million related to time deposits, as discussed in Note 8, Interest-Bearing Deposits. We have net subordinated notes of 73.6 million, all of which are long-term obligations. Finally, we have one significant contract for core processing services. While the actual obligation is unknown and dependent on certain factors, including volume and activity, when using our 2022 average monthly expense extrapolated over the remaining life of the contract, we estimate that our current obligation under this contract is 0.5 million. We do not have a long-term obligation under this contract until it is renewed. 
 FHLB Financing 
 The Bank is a shareholder of the FHLB, which enables the Bank to have access to lower-cost FHLB financing when necessary. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had outstanding borrowings of 100.0 million and a total financing availability of 216.3 million, net of letters of credit issued of 686.5 million. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Our consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars, without considering the changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of operations. Unlike most industrial companies, nearly all of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a greater impact on our performance than do the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the price of goods or services. 
 Dividends 
 A use of liquidity for the Company is shareholder dividends. Bancorp paid dividends to its shareholders totaling 15.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, including a cash distribution in the amount of 5.0 million paid on March 17, 2022 to shareholders of record as of May 3, 2021, for the Company's final AAA payout, which was described in further detail in the Company s Proxy Statement filed with the SEC and mailed to shareholders on April 6, 2022. 
 We expect to continue our current practice of paying quarterly cash dividends with respect to our common stock subject to our board of directors discretion to modify or terminate this practice at any time and for any reason without prior notice. We believe our quarterly dividend rate per share, as approved by our board of directors, enables us to balance our multiple objectives of managing our business and returning a portion of our earnings to our shareholders. Assuming continued payment during 2023 at a rate of 0.15 per share, which is the rate of each of our last five quarterly dividend payments, our average total dividend paid each quarter would be approximately 2.6 million based on the number of current outstanding shares if there are no increases or decreases in the number of shares, and given that unvested RSAs share equally in dividends with outstanding common stock. 
 Historical Information 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated cash flow activities: 
 (dollars in thousands) For the year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 45,975 28,657 17,318 Net cash used in investing activities (836,922) (455,011) (381,911) Net cash provided by financing activities 625,609 561,190 64,419 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 17.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher net income and an increase in loans originated for sale, partially offset by increases in the provision for loan losses and proceeds from sale of loans. Various other, less material items made 
 71 

up the remainder of the change. Cash provided by operating activities is subject to variability period-over-period as a result of timing differences, including with respect to the collection of receivables and payments of interest expense, accounts payable, and bonuses. 
 For additional information about our operating results, see Results of Operations above. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased by 381.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in originations of loans held for investment, net of repayments, partially offset by a decrease in purchases of securities available-for-sale. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities increased by 64.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to issuance of subordinated notes, use of FHLB advances, and fewer cash dividends paid, partially offset by the redemption of subordinated notes and no issuance of common stock. 
 
 Capital Adequacy 
 We manage our capital by tracking our level and quality of capital with consideration given to our overall financial condition, our asset quality, our level of allowance for loan losses, our geographic and industry concentrations, and other risk factors on our balance sheet, including interest rate sensitivity. 
 Bancorp and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal and state banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements as set forth in the following tables can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. The Bank and Bancorp are subject to minimum risk-based and leverage capital requirements under federal regulations implementing the Basel III framework, and the Bank is subject to regulatory thresholds that must be met for an insured depository institution to be classified as well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework. Under capital adequacy guidelines, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of its assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts for Bancorp and the Bank, as well as the Bank s prompt corrective action classification, are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components of capital, risk weightings, and other factors. As of December 31, 2022, both Bancorp and the Bank were in compliance with all applicable regulatory capital requirements, and the Bank qualified as well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework. 
 Management reviews capital ratios on a regular basis to ensure that capital exceeds the prescribed regulatory minimums and is adequate to meet our anticipated future needs. For all periods presented, the Bank s ratios exceed the regulatory definition of well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, and Bancorp s ratios exceed the minimum ratios that would be required for it to be considered a well-capitalized bank holding company. 
 72 

The capital adequacy ratios as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 for Bancorp and the Bank are presented in the following tables. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Bancorp s Tier 2 capital included subordinated debt, which was not included at the Bank level. 
 Capital Ratios for Bancorp (dollars in thousands) Actual Ratio Required for Capital 
 Adequacy Purposes 1 
 Ratio to be Well- Capitalized under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio December 31, 2022 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 366,113 12.46 235,065 8.00 N/A N/A Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 263,993 8.99 176,191 6.00 N/A N/A Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 263,993 8.99 132,144 4.50 N/A N/A Tier 1 leverage 263,993 8.60 122,788 4.00 N/A N/A December 31, 2021 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 285,128 13.98 163,177 8.00 N/A N/A Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 233,397 11.44 122,382 6.00 N/A N/A Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 233,397 11.44 91,787 4.50 N/A N/A Tier 1 leverage 233,397 9.47 98,600 4.00 N/A N/A 
 Capital Ratios for the Bank (dollars in thousands) Actual Ratio Required for Capital Adequacy Purposes Ratio to be Well- Capitalized under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio December 31, 2022 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 356,301 12.14 234,795 8.00 293,494 10.00 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 327,788 11.17 176,072 6.00 234,763 8.00 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 327,788 11.17 132,054 4.50 190,745 6.50 Tier 1 leverage 327,788 10.69 122,652 4.00 153,315 5.00 December 31, 2021 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 279,152 13.69 163,078 8.00 203,848 10.00 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 255,807 12.55 122,309 6.00 163,078 8.00 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 255,807 12.55 91,731 4.50 132,501 6.50 Tier 1 leverage 255,807 10.38 98,555 4.00 123,193 5.00 
 1 
 Prior to September 30, 2022, Bancorp operated under the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement and therefore, was not subject to Basel III capital adequacy requirements. The listed capital adequacy ratios exclude capital conservation buffers. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a discussion of the expected impact of accounting pronouncements recently adopted and accounting pronouncements recently issued but not yet adopted by us as of December 31, 2022, see Note 2, Recently Issued Accounting Standards, of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. On January 1, 2023, the Company will adopt ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which replaces the current incurred loss model for recognizing credit losses with an expected loss model referred to as the Current Expected Credit Loss model. The Company estimates the adoption of 
 73 

ASU No. 2016-13 will result in an increase to our allowance for credit losses and reserve for unfunded commitments totaling between 5.0 million to 7.0 million in the aggregate. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Some of the financial measures discussed herein are non-GAAP financial measures. In accordance with SEC rules, we classify a financial measure as being a non-GAAP financial measure if that financial measure excludes or includes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of excluding or including amounts, that are included or excluded, as the case may be, in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in our consolidated statements of income, balance sheets, statements of shareholders equity, or statements of cash flows. 
 Allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment, excluding PPP loans, is defined as allowance for loan losses, divided by total loans held for investment less PPP loans. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment. 
 Tangible shareholders equity to tangible assets is defined as total equity less goodwill and other intangible assets, divided by total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is total shareholders equity to total assets. We had no goodwill or other intangible assets at the end of any period indicated. As a result, tangible shareholders equity to tangible assets is the same as total shareholders equity to total assets at the end of each of the periods indicated. 
 Tangible book value per share is defined as total shareholders equity less goodwill and other intangible assets, divided by the outstanding number of common shares at the end of the period. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is book value per share. We had no goodwill or other intangible assets at the end of any period indicated. As a result, tangible book value per share is the same as book value per share at the end of each of the periods indicated. 
 We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to management and investors that is supplementary to our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows computed in accordance with GAAP. However, we acknowledge that our non-GAAP financial measures have a number of limitations. As such, you should not view these disclosures as a substitute for results determined in accordance with GAAP, and they are not necessarily comparable to non-GAAP financial measures that other banking companies use. Other banking companies may use names similar to those we use for the non-GAAP financial measures we disclose, but may calculate them differently. You should understand how we and other companies each calculate their non-GAAP financial measures when making comparisons. 
 The following reconciliation table provides a more detailed analysis of these non-GAAP financial measures along with their most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment, excluding PPP loans (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Allowance for loan losses (numerator) 28,389 23,243 Total loans held for investment 2,791,326 1,934,460 Less: PPP loans 22,124 Total loans held for investment, excluding PPP loans (denominator) 2,791,326 1,912,336 Allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment, excluding PPP loans 1.02 1.22 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 Not applicable for a smaller reporting company. 
 74 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Moss Adams LLP; PCAOB ID# 
 76 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 78 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 80 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 81 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 83 
 
 75 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Five Star Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Five Star Bancorp (and subsidiary) (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases as of January 1, 2022 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, which established Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842, Leases . 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 

February 24, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 76 

FIVE STAR BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from financial institutions Interest-bearing deposits in banks Cash and cash equivalents Time deposits in banks Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost (fair value of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Loans held for sale Loans held for investment Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans held for investment, net of allowance for loan losses Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco FHLB stock Operating leases, right-of-use asset ROUA Premises and equipment, net Bank-owned life insurance BOLI Interest receivable and other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Deposits Non-interest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Subordinated notes, net FHLB advances Operating lease liability Interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) Shareholders equity Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Total shareholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 77 

FIVE STAR BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 Interest and dividend income Loans, including fees Taxable securities Nontaxable securities Interest-bearing deposits in other banks Interest expense Deposits FHLB advances Subordinated notes Net interest income 
 Provision for loan losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses 
 Non-interest income Service charges on deposit accounts Net gain on sale of securities Gain on sale of loans Loan-related fees FHLB stock dividends Earnings on BOLI Other Non-interest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing and software Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance Professional services Advertising and promotional Loan-related expenses Other operating expenses Income before provision for income taxes 
 Provision for income taxes 
 Net income 
 Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 78 

FIVE STAR BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 Net income Net unrealized holding loss on securities available-for-sale during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized gains included in net income ) ) Income tax benefit related to net unrealized loss and reclassification adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 79 

FIVE STAR BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Common Stock Retained Earnings 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), 
 Net of Taxes 
 Total Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2020 Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock offering Stock issued under stock award plans Stock compensation expense Director stock compensation expense Stock forfeitures ) Reclassification of retained deficit ) Cash dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock issued under stock award plans Stock compensation expense Director stock compensation expense Stock forfeitures ) Cumulative effect of adoption of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 842 on retained earnings Cash dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 80 

FIVE STAR BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for loan losses Loans originated for sale ) ) Gain on sale of loans ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans Net gain on sale of securities available-for-sale ) ) Earnings on BOLI ) ) Stock compensation expense Director stock compensation expense Change in deferred loan fees ) Amortization and accretion of security premiums and discounts Amortization of subordinated notes issuance costs Depreciation and amortization Decrease in operating lease liability ) Amortization of operating lease ROUA Deferred tax provision ) ) Extinguishment of redeemed subordinated note issuance costs Net changes in: Interest receivable and other assets ) ) Interest payable and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sale of securities available-for-sale Maturities, prepayments, and calls of securities available-for-sale Purchases of securities available-for-sale ) ) Net change in time deposits in banks Loan originations, net of repayments ) ) Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) Purchase of FHLB stock ) ) Purchase of BOLI ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in deposits Proceeds from issuance of stock FHLB advances Cash dividends paid ) ) Proceeds from subordinated note issuance Subordinated note issuance costs ) Subordinated note redemption ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid 
 81 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Transfer from loans held for investment to loans held for sale Unrealized loss on securities ) ) Operating lease liabilities recorded in conjunction with adoption of ASC 842 ROUA recorded in conjunction with adoption of ASC 842 Cumulative effect of adoption of ASC 842 on retained earnings Disposal of premises and equipment Reclassification of retained deficit 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 82 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1: 
 share of common stock of the Company. 
 The Company, through the Bank, provides a broad range of banking products and services to customers who are predominantly small and medium-sized businesses, professionals, and individuals primarily in the Northern California region. The Company's primary loan products are commercial real estate loans, land development loans, construction loans, and operating lines of credit, and its primary deposit products are checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, and term certificate accounts. The Bank currently has branch offices in Roseville, Natomas, Rancho Cordova, Redding, Elk Grove, Chico, and Yuba City, and loan production office in Sacramento. 
 The Company terminated its status as a Subchapter S corporation as of May 5, 2021, in connection with the Company s Initial Public Offering IPO and became a taxable C Corporation. Prior to that date, as an S Corporation, the Company had no U.S. federal income tax expense. 
 The Company publicly filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC in connection with its IPO (the Registration Statement ), which was declared effective by the SEC on May 4, 2021. In connection with the IPO, the Company issued shares of common stock, no par value, which included shares sold pursuant to the underwriters exercise of their option to purchase additional shares. The securities were sold to the public at a price of per share and began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on May 5, 2021. On May 7, 2021, the closing date of the IPO, the Company received total net proceeds of . The net proceeds less other related expenses, including audit fees, legal fees, listing fees, and other expenses, totaled . 
 reportable operating segment. 
 The Company s accounting and reporting policies conform to GAAP and to general practices within the banking industry. 
 The Company qualifies as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, and a smaller reporting company, and, as such, may take advantage of specified reduced reporting requirements and is relieved of other significant requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to other public companies. 
 83 

and , respectively, were deferred as loan origination costs. 
 84 

85 

- years 
 Furniture and fixtures - years 
 Leasehold improvements - years 
 Automobiles - years 
 
 86 

87 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Servicing rights acquired through the origination of loans, which are subsequently sold with servicing rights retained, are recognized as separate assets or liabilities. Servicing assets and liabilities are initially recorded at fair value and are subsequently amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, the related net servicing income or expense. The amortized assets are assessed for impairment or increased obligations at the loan level, based on the fair value on a periodic basis. 
 88 

Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Add: Dilutive effects of assumed vesting of restricted stock Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding Income per common share: Basic EPS Diluted EPS 
 Anti-dilutive shares, which are excluded from the dilutive EPS calculation, were deemed to be immaterial. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, pro forma EPS is calculated by applying an effective tax rate of , which is the actual effective tax rate, excluding the effects of the discrete deferred tax adjustment of , as discussed in Note 11, Income Taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, pro forma EPS is actual EPS, given that the Company was 
 89 

Less: Actual/pro forma provision for income taxes Actual/pro forma net income Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Add: Dilutive effects of assumed vesting of restricted stock Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding Income per common share: Basic EPS Diluted EPS 
 90 

Additional detail can be found in Note 19, Subsequent Events. 
 
 Note 2: 
 91 

Note 3: 
 ) Total held-to-maturity ) 2021 Obligations of states and political subdivisions Total held-to-maturity 
 For securities issued by states and political subdivisions, for OTTI purposes, management considers: (i) issuer and/or guarantor credit ratings; (ii) historical probability of default and loss given default rates for given bond ratings and remaining maturity; (iii) whether issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments under the contractual terms of the securities; (iv) internal credit review of the financial information; and (v) whether or not such securities have credit enhancements such as guarantees, contain a defeasance clause, or are pre-refunded by the issuers. 
 ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Corporate bonds ) Total available-for-sale ) 2021 U.S. government agencies ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate bonds ) Total available-for-sale ) 

92 

After one but within five years After five years through ten years After ten years Investment securities not due at a single maturity date: U.S. government agencies Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate bonds Total 
 93 

Gross realized gains 
 Total pledged investment securities 
 ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total temporarily impaired securities ) ) ) 2021 U.S. government agencies ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total temporarily impaired securities ) ) ) 
 There were and available-for-sale securities in unrealized loss positions at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the investment portfolio included investment securities that had been in a continuous loss position for twelve months or more and investment securities that had been in a loss position for less than twelve months. 
 The Company periodically evaluates each available-for-sale investment security in an unrealized loss position to determine if the impairment is temporary or other than temporary and has determined that no investment security is OTTI. The unrealized losses are due primarily to interest rate changes. The Company does not intend, and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required, to sell the securities before the earlier of the forecasted recovery or the maturity of the underlying debt security. 
 94 

held-to-maturity security in a continuous unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022. This security was in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months. There were held-to-maturity securities in a continuous loss position for more than twelve months. 
 Obligations issued or guaranteed by government agencies such as the GNMA and the SBA or GSEs under conservatorship such as the FNMA and the FHLMC are guaranteed or sponsored by agencies of the U.S. government and have strong credit profiles. The Company therefore expects to receive all contractual interest payments on time and believes the risk of credit losses on these securities is remote. 
 The Company s investment in obligations of states and political subdivisions are deemed credit worthy after management s comprehensive analysis of the issuers latest financial information, credit ratings by major credit agencies, and/or credit enhancements. 
 Non-Marketable Securities Included in Other Assets 
 FHLB capital stock : As a member of the FHLB, the Company is required to maintain a minimum investment in FHLB capital stock determined by the board of directors of the FHLB. The minimum investment requirements can increase in the event the Company increases its total asset size or borrowings with the FHLB. Shares cannot be purchased or sold except between the FHLB and its members at the per share par value. The Company held and of FHLB stock at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The carrying amounts of these investments are reasonable estimates of fair value because the securities are restricted to member banks and do not have a readily determinable market value. Based on management s analysis of the FHLB s financial condition and certain qualitative factors, management determined that the FHLB stock was not impaired at December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash dividends received on FHLB capital stock in the amount of and , respectively, were recorded as non-interest income on the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Note 4: 
 Commercial land and development Commercial construction Residential construction Residential Farmland Commercial: Secured Unsecured Paycheck Protection Program PPP Consumer and other Subtotal Less: Net deferred loan fees Less: Allowance for loan losses Loans held for investment, net of allowance for loan losses 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Management has an established methodology to determine the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses that assesses the risks and losses inherent in the loan portfolio. For purposes of determining the allowance for loan losses, the Bank has segmented certain loans in the portfolio by product type. Loans are segmented into the following pools: commercial, real 
 95 

classes: secured and unsecured loans. Real estate loans are divided into the following classes: commercial real estate, commercial land and development, commercial construction, residential construction, residential real estate, and farmland. For each class of loans, management exercises significant judgment to determine the estimation method that fits the credit risk characteristics of its portfolio segment. 
 The Company uses an internally developed model in this process. Management must use judgment in establishing additional input metrics for the modeling processes. The models and assumptions used to determine the allowance are independently validated and reviewed, at least annually, to ensure that their theoretical foundation, assumptions, data integrity, computational processes, reporting practices, and end-user controls are appropriate and properly documented. 
 CARES Act and PPP Loans 
 Pursuant to the CARES Act, which was passed in March 2020, the Company funded over loans to eligible small businesses and non-profit organizations who participated in the PPP administered by the SBA. PPP loans have terms of two or and earn interest at . In addition, the Bank received a fee of to from the SBA depending on the loan amount, which was netted with loan origination costs and amortized into interest income under the effective yield method over the contractual life of the loan. The recognition of fees and costs is accelerated when the loan is forgiven by the SBA and/or paid off prior to maturity. PPP loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA and are expected to be forgiven by the SBA if they meet the requirements of the program. There were PPP loans outstanding at December 31, 2022. The balance of PPP loans at December 31, 2021 was . 
 The CARES Act also required the SBA to make payments on new and existing 7(a) loans for up to six months. These were not deferments but rather full payments of principal and interest that the borrower will not be responsible for in the future. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal outstanding on loans that received one or more of these payments under the CARES Act was and , respectively. 
 Underwriting 
 Commercial loans : Commercial loans are underwritten after evaluating and understanding the borrower s ability to operate profitably and prudently expand its business. Underwriting standards are designed to promote relationship banking rather than transactional banking. Once it is determined that the borrower s management possesses sound ethics and solid business acumen, the Company s management examines current and projected cash flows to determine the ability of the borrower to repay its obligations as agreed. Commercial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. The cash flows of borrowers, however, may not be as expected, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Most commercial loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets such as accounts receivable or inventory and may incorporate a personal guarantee; however, some short-term loans may be made on an unsecured basis. In the case of loans secured by accounts receivable, the availability of funds for the repayment of these loans may be substantially dependent on the ability of the borrower to collect amounts due from its customers. 
 Real estate loans : Real estate loans are subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to commercial loans. These loans are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and secondarily as loans secured by real estate. Commercial real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts, and the repayment of these loans is generally largely dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loan or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Commercial real estate loans may be more adversely affected than other loans by conditions in the real estate market or in the general economy. The properties securing the Company s commercial real estate portfolio are diverse in terms of type. This diversity helps reduce the Company s exposure to adverse economic events that affect any single market or industry. Management monitors and evaluates commercial real estate loans based on collateral, geography, and risk grade criteria. 
 Construction loans : With respect to construction loans that the Company may originate from time to time, the Company generally requires the borrower to have had an existing relationship with the Company and have a proven record of success. Construction loans are underwritten utilizing feasibility studies, independent appraisal reviews, sensitivity analysis of absorption and lease rates, and financial analysis of the developers and property owners. Construction loans are generally based upon estimates of costs and value associated with the completed project. These estimates may be inaccurate. Construction loans often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment substantially dependent on the ultimate success of the project. Sources of repayment for these types of loans may be pre-committed permanent loans from approved long-term lenders, sales of developed property, or an interim loan commitment from the Company 
 96 

of the Company s loans were real estate related, were commercial, and were consumer. 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 The Company has established a loan risk rating system to measure and monitor the quality of the loan portfolio. All loans are assigned a risk rating from the inception of the loan until the loan is paid off. The primary loan grades are as follows: 
 Loans rated pass : These are loans to borrowers with satisfactory financial support, repayment capacity, and credit strength. Borrowers in this category demonstrate fundamentally sound financial positions, repayment capacity, credit history, and management expertise. Loans in this category must have an identifiable and stable source of repayment and meet the Company s policy regarding debt service coverage ratios. These borrowers are capable of sustaining normal economic, market, or operational setbacks without significant financial impacts. Financial ratios and trends are acceptable. Negative external industry factors are generally not present. The loan may be secured, unsecured, or supported by non-real estate collateral for which the value is more difficult to determine and/or marketability is more uncertain. 
 Loans rated watch : These are loans which have deficient loan quality and potentially significant issues, but losses do not appear to be imminent, and the issues are expected to be temporary in nature. The significant issues are typically: (i) a history of losses or events that threaten the borrower s viability; (ii) a property with significant depreciation and/or marketability concerns; or (iii) poor or deteriorating credit, occasional late payments, and/or limited reserves but the loan is generally kept current. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the Company s credit position at some future date. 
 Loans rated substandard : These are loans which are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged (if any). Loans so classified exhibit a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. Loans are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company may sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. The substandard loan category includes loans that management has determined not to be impaired, as well as loans that are impaired. 
 97 

Commercial land and development Commercial construction Residential construction Residential Farmland Commercial: Secured Unsecured Consumer Total 
 The following table summarizes the credit quality indicators related to the Company s loans by class as of December 31, 2021: 
 (in thousands) Pass Watch Substandard Doubtful Total Real estate: Commercial Commercial land and development Commercial construction Residential construction Residential Farmland Commercial: Secured Unsecured PPP Consumer Total 
 Management regularly reviews the Company s loans for accuracy of risk grades whenever new information is received. Borrowers are generally required to submit financial information at regular intervals. Typically, commercial borrowers with lines of credit are required to submit financial information with reporting intervals ranging from monthly to annually depending on credit size, risk, and complexity. In addition, investor commercial real estate borrowers with loans exceeding a certain dollar threshold are usually required to submit rent rolls or property income statements annually. Management monitors construction loans monthly and reviews consumer loans based on delinquency. Management also reviews loans graded watch or worse, regardless of loan type, no less than quarterly. 
 98 

Commercial land and development Commercial construction Residential construction Residential Farmland Commercial: Secured Unsecured Consumer and other Total 
 There were loans between 60-89 days past due, r any loans greater than 90 days past due and still accruing as of December 31, 2022. 
 Commercial land and development Commercial construction Residential construction Residential Farmland Commercial: Secured Unsecured PPP Consumer and other Total 
 There were loans between 60-89 days past due r any loans greater than 90 days past due and still accruing as of December 31, 2021. 
 99 

Residential Commercial: Secured With an allowance recorded: Commercial: Secured Total by category: Real estate: Commercial Residential Commercial: Secured Total impaired loans 
 At December 31, 2022, collateral dependent loan was in the process of foreclosure: a commercial term loan secured by a single family residence with an unpaid principal balance of and no related allowance. collateral dependent loans were in process of foreclosure at December 31, 2021. In addition, the weighted average loan-to-value of impaired, collateral dependent loans was approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 100 

Residential Commercial: Secured Consumer and other With an allowance recorded: Commercial: Secured Consumer and other Total by category: Real estate: Commercial Residential Commercial: Secured Consumer and other Total impaired loans 
 Residential Commercial: Secured Total non-accrual loans 
 The amount of foregone interest income related to non-accrual loans was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Troubled Debt Restructuring 
 The Company s loan portfolio may include certain loans that have been modified in a TDR, which are loans for which concessions in terms have been granted because of the borrowers financial difficulties. These concessions typically result from the Company s loss mitigation activities and could include reductions in the interest rate, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance, or other actions. Certain TDRs are placed on non-accrual status at the time of 
 101 

loan outstanding with a TDR designation at December 31, 2022: a nonaccrual, commercial secured loan which had not defaulted with an outstanding balance of and reserves covering the amount of the outstanding balance. There were loans outstanding with a TDR designation at December 31, 2021. 
 The CARES Act, as amended, specified that to be eligible not to be considered a TDR, a loan modification must be: (i) related to the COVID-19 pandemic; (ii) executed on a loan that was not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019; and (iii) executed between March 1, 2020 and the earlier of: (i) 60 days after the date of termination of the federal national emergency; or (ii) January 1, 2022. The Company elected to apply the temporary accounting relief provisions for loan modifications that met certain criteria, which would otherwise be designated TDRs under existing GAAP. As of December 31, 2022, no borrowing relationships were continuing to benefit from payment relief. The Company accrued and recognized interest income on loans under payment relief based on the original contractual interest rates. When payments resumed at the end of the relief period, the payments were generally applied to accrued interest due until accrued interest was fully paid. 
 Commercial land and development Commercial construction Residential construction ) Residential ) Farmland ) Commercial: Secured ) Unsecured ) ) PPP ) Consumer and other ) ) Unallocated ) Total ) 
 102 

Commercial land and development ) Commercial construction ) Residential construction ) Residential ) Farmland Commercial: Secured ) ) Unsecured Consumer and other ) Unallocated Total ) 
 The following table summarizes the allocation of the allowance for loan losses by impairment methodology as of December 31, 2022. 
 Ending allowance balance allocated to: Ending balance of: (in thousands) Loans individually evaluated for impairment Loans collectively evaluated for impairment Total loans Loans individually evaluated for impairment Loans collectively evaluated for impairment Total loans Real estate: Commercial Commercial land and development Commercial construction Residential construction Residential Farmland Commercial: Secured Unsecured Consumer and other Unallocated Total 
 103 

Commercial land and development Commercial construction Residential construction Residential Farmland Commercial: Secured Unsecured PPP Consumer and other Unallocated Total 
 Pledged Loans 
 The Company s FHLB line of credit is secured under terms of a collateral agreement by a pledge of certain qualifying loans with unpaid principal balances of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company pledges eligible tenants in common loans, which totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to secure its borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. See Note 9, Long Term Debt and Other Borrowings, for further discussion of these borrowings. 
 
 Note 5: 
 Tenant improvements Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization Premises and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense for occupancy, furniture, fixtures, and equipment was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note 6: 
 at December 31, 2022. The benefits to employees beneficiaries are limited to each employee s active service period. The investment in BOLI policies is reported at their cash surrender value, net of surrender charges, of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cash surrender value 
 104 

and was recognized on these life insurance policies for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note 7: 
 Equity investments Servicing assets Other assets 
 Servicing assets represent the assets related to servicing loans for others, including collecting payments, maintaining escrow accounts, disbursing payments to investors, and conducting foreclosure proceedings. The Company serviced loans with unpaid principal balances of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on behalf of others. 
 
 Note 8: 
 Savings accounts Money market accounts Time accounts, or more 
 Other time accounts Total interest-bearing deposits 
 Time deposits totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were of brokered time deposits as of December 31, 2022 and brokered time deposits as of December 31, 2021. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total time deposits 
 Total deposits include deposits offered through the IntraFi Network (formerly Promontory Interfinancial Network) that are comprised of Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CDARS balances included in time deposits and Insured Cash Sweep ICS balances included in money market deposits. Through this network, the Company offers customers access to FDIC-insured deposit products in aggregate amounts exceeding current insurance limits. When funds are deposited through CDARS and ICS on behalf of a customer, the Company has the option of receiving matching deposits through the network s reciprocal deposit program or placing deposits one-way, for which the Company receives no matching deposits. The Company considers the reciprocal deposits to be in-market deposits, as distinguished from 
 105 

one-way deposits at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 ICS Total network deposits 
 Savings accounts Money market accounts Time accounts, or more 
 Other time accounts Total interest expense on interest-bearing deposits 
 
 Note 9: 
 of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes to certain qualified investors, of which was purchased by existing or former members of the board of directors and their affiliates. The notes will be used for capital management and general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, the redemption of previously existing subordinated notes. The subordinated notes have a maturity date of September 1, 2032 and bear interest, payable semi-annually, at the rate of per annum until September 1, 2027. On that date, the interest rate will be adjusted to float at a rate equal to the three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus basis points as of December 31, 2022) until maturity. The notes include a right of prepayment, on or after August 17, 2027 or, in certain limited circumstances, before that date. The indebtedness evidenced by the subordinated notes, including principal and interest, is unsecured and subordinate and junior in right to payment to general and secured creditors and depositors of the Company. 
 On November 5, 2022, the Company exercised its right of redemption on subordinated notes issued in series: aggregate principal amount originally issued in 2019, and aggregate principal amount originally issued in 2017. On December 15, 2022, the subordinated notes were redeemed for cash by the Company at of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, in accordance with the subordinated note purchase agreements applicable to each series. Remaining unamortized deferred financing costs associated with such notes were expensed and included in other operating expenses on the consolidated statements of income. 
 The subordinated notes have been structured to qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes. Debt issuance costs incurred in conjunction with the notes were , of which has been amortized through December 31, 2022. The Company reflects debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the face of the note. The debt issuance costs are amortized into interest expense through the maturity period. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s subordinated debt carrying value was and , respectively. 
 Other borrowings : The Company has an agreement with the FHLB that granted the FHLB a blanket lien on all loans receivable (except for construction and agricultural loans) as collateral for a borrowing line. Based on the dollar volume of qualifying loan collateral, the Company had a total financing availability of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding borrowings of and borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had letters of credit issued on its behalf totaling and , respectively, as discussed below. 
 As of December 31, 2022, letters of credit totaling were pledged to secure State of California deposits and were pledged to secure local agency deposits. As of December 31, 2021, letters of credit totaling were pledged to secure State of California deposits and were pledged to secure local agency 
 106 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had unsecured federal funds lines of credit totaling with of its correspondent banks, respectively. At December 31, 2021, the Company had unsecured federal funds lines of credit totaling with of its correspondent banks, respectively. There were amounts outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had the ability to borrow from the Federal Reserve Discount Window. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the borrowing capacity under this arrangement was and , respectively. There were amounts outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The borrowing line is secured by liens on the Company s construction and agricultural loan portfolios. 
 
 Note 10: 
 of the first of the employee s compensation contributed and of contributions exceeding of eligible compensation, not to exceed of the total eligible compensation. The employees voluntary contributions and the Company s matching contributions are vested immediately. The expense related to matching employees contributions for 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 
 Note 11: 
 increase to the net deferred tax asset to and a reduction to the provision for income taxes of during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Increase (decrease) resulting from: Benefit of S Corporation status ) State taxes Deferred tax asset adjustment ) Other ) Provision for income taxes 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s effective tax rate differed from the statutory California tax rate of 3.50 used prior to May 5, 2021 and the statutory federal and state tax rate, net of federal benefit, of used May 5, 2021 and after, as the effective tax rate primarily represents the weighted average rate between the S Corporation tax rate of 3.50 and the C Corporation tax rate of 29.56 based on the number of days the Company was each type of corporation during 2021. 
 107 

State Deferred tax benefit Federal ) ) State ) ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 Supplemental employee retirement plan Gain on available-for-sale assets Net unrealized loss on securities available-for-sale State tax Right of use liability Other Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred loan fees ) ) State tax ) Depreciation ) ) ROUA ) Other ) ) ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 No deferred tax asset valuation allowance was established during 2022 or 2021, as management believes it is more likely than not the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 No unrecognized tax benefits were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company files tax returns in the U.S. federal and California state jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to examinations for federal and state tax purposes for the years before 2018 and 2017, respectively. 
 There were no interest or penalties in 2022 and 2021. It is the Company s policy to record such accruals in its income taxes accounts. 
 During 2021, the Company paid approximately to shareholders of record as of May 3, 2021, for the Accumulated Adjustments Account AAA payout under the Company s Tax Sharing Agreement. The AAA represents previously taxed, but undistributed, earnings. Upon completion of the 2022 tax return, the Company paid on March 17, 2022 to shareholders of record as of May 3, 2021, which covered the remaining amount in the AAA account. 
 108 

Note 12: 
 
 New loans or advances Repayments ) ) Transfers out 1 
 ) Ending balance 
 1 As a result of a change in employment with the Company, a loan balance belonging to a previously related party was transferred out of the classification of related party loans. The change was not the result of any disagreement with the Company or due to any matter relating to its operations, policies, or practices. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, deposits from related parties (directors, executive officers, and principal shareholders) totaled and , respectively. Property management fees totaling and in 2022 and 2021, respectively, were paid to an entity owned by certain members of the Company s board of directors. 
 The Company leases a loan production office from a partnership comprised of certain shareholders and members of the board of directors, which is further described in Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 Note 13: 
 shares, less RSAs granted, plus any RSAs that become available upon forfeiture. Each of these shares may be issued as an incentive stock option. At December 31, 2022, shares remained available for issuance pursuant to grant awards under the Plan. The Equity Incentive Plan does not contain an evergreen provision pursuant to which shares authorized for issuance may be automatically replenished. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 The Company s stock-based compensation consists of RSAs granted under its historical stock-based incentive arrangement (the Historical Incentive Plan and RSAs issued under the Equity Incentive Plan. The Historical Incentive Plan consisted of RSAs for certain executive officers of the Company. The arrangement provided that these executive officers would receive shares of restricted common stock of the Company that vested over , with the number of shares granted based upon achieving certain performance objectives. These objectives included, but were not limited to, net income adjusted for the provision for loan losses, deposit growth, efficiency ratio, net interest margin, and asset quality. Compensation expense for RSAs granted under the Historical Incentive Plan is recognized over the service period, which is equal to the vesting period of the shares based on the fair value of the shares at issue date. 
 109 

and , respectively. 
 In 2022, the Company granted as compensation to members of the board of directors a total of shares scheduled to vest monthly in equal installments over contingent on continued service. In 2021, the Company granted a total of fully vested shares to members of the board of directors as compensation for their service. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately of unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested restricted shares. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, the weighed-average term remaining on the unvested restricted shares was years. The holders of unvested RSAs are entitled to dividends at the same per-share ratio as holders of common stock. Tax benefits for dividends paid on unvested RSAs are recorded as tax benefits in the consolidated statements of income with a corresponding decrease to current taxes payable. The impact of tax benefits for dividends paid on unvested restricted stock on the Company s consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was immaterial. 
 Shares granted Shares vested ) ) Shares forfeited ) ) End of the period balance 
 
 Note 14: 
 . Of those total dividends, during 2022, was paid out for certain shareholders affected by the Company's termination of its S corporation status. This distribution was for the remaining balance on the Company's federal AAA for previously taxed, but undistributed, earnings. 
 
 Note 15: 
 110 

Undisbursed construction loans Undisbursed commercial real estate loans Agricultural lines of credit Undisbursed agricultural real estate loans Other Total commitments and standby letters of credit 
 The Company records an allowance for loan losses on unfunded loan commitments at the consolidated balance sheet date based on estimates of the probability that these commitments will be drawn upon according to historical utilization experience of the different types of commitments and historical loss rates determined for pooled funded loans. The allowance for loan losses on unfunded commitments totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is recorded in interest payable and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Concentrations of credit risk : The Company grants real estate mortgage, real estate construction, commercial, and consumer loans to customers primarily in Northern California. Although the Company has a diversified loan portfolio, a substantial portion is secured by commercial and residential real estate. 
 In management s judgment, a concentration of loans exists in real estate related loans, which represented approximately of the Company s loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and of the Company s loan portfolio at December 31, 2021. Although management believes such concentrations have no more than the normal risk of collectability, a substantial decline in the economy in general, or a decline in real estate values in the Company s primary market areas in particular, could have an adverse impact on the collectability of these loans. Personal and business incomes represent the primary source of repayment for the majority of these loans. 
 Deposit concentrations : At December 31, 2022, the Company had deposit relationships that exceeded each, totaling , or approximately of total deposits. The Company s largest single deposit relationship at December 31, 2022 totaled , or approximately of total deposits. Management maintains the Company s liquidity position and lines of credit with correspondent banks to mitigate the risk of large withdrawals by the Company s large depositors. 
 Correspondent banking agreements : The Company maintains funds on deposit with other FDIC-insured financial institutions under correspondent banking agreements. Uninsured deposits through these agreements totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Leases 
 The Company leases office space for its banking operations under non-cancelable operating leases of various terms. The leases expire at dates through 2032 and provide for renewal options from less than one to . In the normal course of business, it is expected that these leases will be renewed or replaced by leases on other properties. One of the leases provides for increases in future minimum annual rental payments based on defined increases in the Consumer Price Index, while the remaining leases include predefined rental increases over the term of the lease. 
 The Company has a sublease agreement for space adjacent to the Redding location. The sublease has renewal terms extended to December 31, 2023. 
 The Company leases its Sacramento loan production office from a partnership comprised of certain shareholders and members of the Company's board of directors. The Sacramento loan production office lease extends through April 2023. Additionally, the Company leased its Natomas branch from the same partnership of related parties until July 13, 2021, at which time ownership of the property was transferred to an unrelated third-party landlord. Rent expense paid to the partnership was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, under these leases. 
 111 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company's ROUA and lease liability were and , respectively. 
 
 Sublease income ) Total lease expense 
 
 Prior to the adoption of ASU 2016-02, rent expense under operating leases was for the year ended December 31, 2021, partially offset by of during the same period. 
 
 years Weighted average discount rate 
 112 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total expected operating lease payments Discount for present value of expected cash flows ) Lease liability at December 31, 2022 
 
 Prior to the adoption of ASC 842, the Company accounted for operating leases under ASC 840. 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments 
 Litigation Matters 
 The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the amount of ultimate liability with respect to such actions will not materially affect the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Note 16: 
 billion in total consolidated assets and that met certain other criteria, we had been operating under the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement, which provides an exemption from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System s generally applicable risk-based capital ratio and leverage ratio requirements. Because the Company's total consolidated assets exceeded the billion threshold as of 
 113 

billion total consolidated assets threshold as of June 30 of a particular year is no longer permitted to file reports as a small holding company beginning the following March. The Company's total consolidated assets were not in excess of billion as of June 30, 2022, and so the Company has accordingly prepared and filed financial reports with the Federal Reserve as a small bank holding company. If the Company's total consolidated assets remain in excess of billion as of June 30, 2023, starting in March 2024, the Company will cease filing financial reports with the Federal Reserve as though it were a small holding company. 
 The Company and Bank are required to meet a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least (a minimum of plus a capital conservation buffer of ), a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least (a minimum of plus a capital conservation buffer of ), a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least (a minimum of plus a capital conservation buffer of ), and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least . Management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was categorized as well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well-capitalized, an institution must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the below table. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank s category. 
 The principal source of cash for the Company is dividends from the Bank. Dividends from the Bank to the Company are restricted under California law to the lesser of: (i) the Bank s retained earnings; or (ii) the Bank s net income for the latest three fiscal years, less dividends previously declared during that period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the maximum amount available for dividend distribution under this restriction was approximately and , respectively. If a proposed dividend exceeds the limit, the Bank may still pay a dividend to the Holding Company if it obtains approval from the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation and the dividend does not exceed the greater of: (i) the retained earnings of the Bank; (ii) the net income of the Bank for its last fiscal year; or (iii) the net income of the Bank for its current fiscal year. 
 N/A N/A Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) N/A N/A Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 leverage N/A N/A December 31, 2021 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) N/A N/A Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 leverage N/A N/A 
 114 

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 leverage December 31, 2021 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 leverage 
 1 
 Prior to September 30, 2022, Bancorp operated under the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement and therefore, was not subject to Basel III capital adequacy requirements. The listed capital adequacy ratios exclude capital conservation buffers. 
 
 115 

Note 17: 
 OCI Derivatives interest rate swap NI Liabilities: Derivatives interest rate swap NI 2021 Assets: Securities available-for-sale: U.S. government agencies, mortgage-backed securities, obligations of states and political subdivisions, and collateralized mortgage obligations OCI Derivatives interest rate swap NI Liabilities: Derivatives interest rate swap NI 
 1 Other comprehensive income OCI or net income NI ). 
 Available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. When available, quoted market prices (Level 1 inputs) are used to determine the fair value of available-for-sale securities. If quoted market prices are not available, management obtains pricing information from a reputable third-party service provider, who may utilize valuation techniques that use current market-based or independently sourced parameters, such as bid/ask prices, dealer-quoted prices, interest rates, benchmark yield curves, prepayment speeds, probability of default, loss severity, and credit spreads (Level 2 inputs). Level 2 securities include U.S. agencies or government-sponsored agencies debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, government agency issued bonds, privately issued collateralized mortgage obligations, and corporate bonds. Level 3 securities are based on unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. In addition, values use discounted cash flow models and may include significant management judgment and estimation. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Level 1 available-for-sale securities and no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 classifications for assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 The Company s investment portfolio service bureau has developed a model for pricing available-for-sale debt securities. Information such as historical and current performance of the underlying collateral, deferral/default rates, collateral coverage ratios, break-even yield calculations, cash flow projections, liquidity, and credit premiums required by a market participant, as well as financial trend analysis with respect to the individual issuing financial institutions and insurance companies, are utilized in determining individual security valuations. Due to current market conditions, as well as the limited trading activity of the securities, the market value of the securities is highly sensitive to assumption changes and market volatility. 
 116 

to . Such adjustments and assumptions are typically significant and result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. 
 Certain financial assets may be measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. These assets are subject to fair value adjustments that result from the application of the lower of cost or fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets, such as impaired loans that are collateral dependent and OREO. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not carry any assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The table below is a summary of fair value estimates for financial instruments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. These estimates are made at a specific point in time based on relevant market data and information about the financial instruments. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering the Company s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument for sale at one time, nor do they attempt to estimate the value of anticipated future business related to the instruments. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered in any of these estimates. 
 Because no market exists for a significant portion of the Company s financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments, and other factors. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the fair values presented. 
 Level 1 Level 1 Time deposits in banks Level 1 Level 1 Securities available-for-sale Level 2 Level 2 Securities held-to-maturity Level 3 Level 3 Loans held for sale Level 2 Level 2 Loans held for investment, net of allowance for loan losses Level 3 Level 3 FHLB stock and other investments N/A N/A N/A N/A Interest receivable Level 2 Level 2 Interest rate swap Level 2 Level 2 Financial liabilities: Deposits Level 2 Level 2 Interest payable Level 2 Level 2 Interest rate swap Level 2 Level 2 Subordinated notes Level 3 Level 3 
 117 

Note 18: 
 Investment in banking subsidiary Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Subordinated notes and other liabilities Shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 118 

Interest expense Other expense Income before income tax and undistributed banking subsidiary income Income tax benefit Equity in undistributed banking subsidiary income Net income 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Stock compensation expense Director stock compensation expense Equity in undistributed banking subsidiary income ) ) Amortization of subordinated notes issuance costs Extinguishment of redeemed subordinated note issuance costs Change in other assets ) ) Change in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Investment in subsidiary ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from sale of stock Cash dividends paid ) ) Proceeds from subordinated note issuance Subordinated note issuance costs ) Subordinated note redemption ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 
 Note 19: 
 per common share dividend for shareholders of record as of February 6, 2023, which was paid on February 13, 2023 in the amount of . 
 119 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2022. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management was required to apply judgment in evaluating and implementing its controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 This annual report does not include a management s report regarding internal control over financial reporting due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, such controls. 
 Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Not applicable for an emerging growth company. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 120 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Board of Directors 
 For information relating to the Company s board of directors, the section entitled Items to be Voted on by Shareholders Item 1 Election of Directors in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Executive Officers 
 For information relating to officers of the Company, the section entitled Information About Our Executive Officers in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 For information regarding compliance with Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, the section entitled Stock Information Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Disclosure of Code of Conduct 
 For information concerning the Company s Code of Conduct, the information contained under the section entitled Corporate Governance Code of Conduct in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference. A copy of the Code of Conduct is available to shareholders on the Company s investor relations website at https://investors.fivestarbank.com/corporate-governance/governance-overview . 
 Nominating and Audit Committees 
 For information regarding the Company s Nominating and Audit Committees, their composition, and the audit committee financial experts, the section entitled Corporate Governance Board Committees in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 For information regarding executive compensation, the sections entitled Executive Compensation in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled Stock Information Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 Security Ownership of Management 
 Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled Stock Information Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 121 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table sets forth information about the Company common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of stock options, warrants, and rights under all the Company s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 
 (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights (b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options (c) Number of securities remaining available for issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plan approved by shareholders 1 
 Equity compensation not approved by shareholders Total 1,519,826 
 1 Plan approved by shareholders is the Five Star Bancorp 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 For information regarding certain relationships and related transactions, the section entitled Other Information Transactions with Related Parties in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Director Independence 
 For information regarding director independence, the section entitled Corporate Governance Director Independence in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 For information regarding the principal accountant fees and expenses, the section entitled Item 2 Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 122 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (1) The financial statements required in response to this item are incorporated herein by reference from Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Five Star Bancorp 
 10-Q 001-40379 3.1 June 17, 2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Five Star Bancorp 
 10-Q 001-40379 3.2 August 11, 2022 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Five Star Bancorp 
 S-1 333-255143 4.1 April 26, 2021 4.2 Form of 6.0 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note Due 2032 
 8-K 001-40379 Exhibit A of 10.1 August 17, 2022 4.3 Description of Securities 
 10-K 001-40379 4.4 February 25, 2022 10.1 Form of S Corporation Termination and Tax Sharing Agreement 
 S-1 333-255143 10.1 April 9, 2021 10.2 Five Star Bancorp 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-255143 10.4 April 26, 2021 10.3 Form of Restricted Stock Vesting Agreement pursuant to Historical Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-255143 10.5 April 9, 2021 10.4 Form of Restricted Stock Vesting Agreement for Executives pursuant to the Five Star Bancorp 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-40379 10.4 February 25, 2022 10.5 Form of Restricted Stock Vesting Agreement for Directors pursuant to the Five Star Bancorp 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-40379 10.5 February 25, 2022 10.6 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement for 6.0 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due 2032 
 8-K 001-40379 10.1 August 17, 2022 10.7 Executive Employment Agreement, effective January 3, 2022, between Five Star Bank and James Beckwith 
 10-Q 001-40379 10.1 May 12, 2022 10.8 Five Star Bank Salary Continuation Agreement, dated September 1, 2007, as amended, between Five Star Bank and James Beckwith 
 10-Q 001-40379 Exhibit A of 10.1 May 12, 2022 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Filed 23.1 Consent of Moss Adams LLP 
 Filed 
 123 

31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed 101 Inline XBRL Interactive Data Filed 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document in Exhibit 101) Filed 
 Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan, contract, or arrangement. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 124 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 FIVE STAR BANCORP Dated: February 24, 2023 
 /s/ James E. Beckwith James E. Beckwith President and Chief Executive Officer 
 125 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name Title Date /s/ James E. Beckwith President and Chief Executive Officer and Director February 24, 2023 James E. Beckwith (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Heather C. Luck Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2023 Heather C. Luck (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ David J. Lucchetti Chair of the Board and Director February 24, 2023 David J. Lucchetti /s/ Robert T. Perry-Smith Vice Chair of the Board and Director February 24, 2023 Robert T. Perry-Smith /s/ Larry E. Allbaugh Director February 24, 2023 Larry E. Allbaugh /s/ Shannon Deary-Bell Director February 24, 2023 Shannon Deary-Bell /s/ Warren P. Kashiwagi Director February 24, 2023 Warren P. Kashiwagi /s/ Donna L. Lucas Director February 24, 2023 Donna L. Lucas /s/ David F. Nickum Director February 24, 2023 David F. Nickum /s/ Kevin F. Ramos Director February 24, 2023 Kevin F. Ramos /s/ Randall E. Reynoso Director February 24, 2023 Randall E. Reynoso /s/ Judson T. Riggs Director February 24, 2023 Judson T. Riggs /s/ Leigh A. White Director February 24, 2023 Leigh A. White 
 126 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 fsbc-20221231x10ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 The following is a list of subsidiaries of Five Star Bancorp, the names under which subsidiaries do business, and the jurisdiction in which each was organized. All subsidiaries are wholly-owned unless otherwise noted. 
 
 Subsidiaries of Five Star Bancorp 
 Name Jurisdiction of Organization 
 Five Star Bank California 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 fsbc-20221231x10kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-269533) and Form S-8 (No. 333-256345) of Five Star Bancorp (the Company of our report dated February 24, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to the change in the method of accounting for leases), appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Moss Adams LLP 
 
 Portland, Oregon 
 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 fsbc-20221231x10kexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, James E. Beckwith, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Five Star Bancorp (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s James E. Beckwith 
 James E. Beckwith 
 President & Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 fsbc-20221231x10kexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Heather C. Luck, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Five Star Bancorp (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Heather C. Luck 
 Heather C. Luck 
 Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 fsbc-20221231x10kexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Five Star Bancorp (the Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James E. Beckwith, President & Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s James E. Beckwith 
 James E. Beckwith 
 President & Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 fsbc-20221231x10kexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Five Star Bancorp (the Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Heather C. Luck, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Heather C. Luck 
 Heather C. Luck 
 Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fsbc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fsbc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fsbc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fsbc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fsbc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

