<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1746466_0000950170-23-009492.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24588836</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>861619</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>13366803</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6043280</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1623672</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2426991</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-009492.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323161342
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-009492
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Equillium, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001746466
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				821554746
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38692
		FILM NUMBER:		23756358

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2223 AVENIDA DE LA PLAYA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 105
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 412-5302

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2223 AVENIDA DE LA PLAYA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 105
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-009492.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 eq-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately million based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 of 2.04 per share, as reported by the Nasdaq Global Market. 
 As of March 16, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Auditor Firm Id: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 
 
 6 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 40 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 92 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 92 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 92 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 92 

PART II 
 
 93 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 93 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 93 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 94 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 105 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 106 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 106 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 106 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 106 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 106 

PART III 
 
 107 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 107 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 107 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 107 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 107 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 107 

PART IV 
 
 108 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 108 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 111 

SIGNATURES 
 
 112 

2 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections entitled Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business. These statements relate to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our plans to research, develop and commercialize our product candidates and any future product candidates; 

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for our product candidates in any of the indications for which we plan to develop them; 

the potential benefits and risks of the transactions contemplated by the Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 5, 2022, or the Asset Purchase Agreement, entered into by us and Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., or Ono; 

our estimated timeline for announcing data from our clinical studies, for interacting with regulatory authorities, and for initiating clinical studies; 

our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to commence and complete the clinical studies of our product candidates; 

the success, cost, and timing of our product development activities, including our ongoing and planned clinical studies; 

the beneficial characteristics, safety, efficacy, and therapeutic effects of our product candidates; 

the size of the markets for our product candidates, and our ability to serve those markets; 

the rate and degree of market acceptance of any of our product candidates; 

our ability to develop and maintain sales and marketing capabilities, whether alone or with potential future collaborators; 

regulatory developments in the United States and in other territories where we may conduct business, including the clinical development and potential commercialization of our product candidates; 

the performance of our contract service providers, including Biocon Limited and other suppliers and manufacturers; 

the safety, efficacy and market success of competing therapies that are or become available; 

our ability to attract and retain key scientific or management personnel; 

our expectations regarding the period during which we qualify as an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, as amended, or JOBS Act; 

our ability to attract and retain collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; 

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; and 

our expectations regarding our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates and our ability to operate our business without infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. 

In some cases, you can identify these statements by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expects, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, will, would or the negative of those terms, and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. These forward-looking statements reflect our management s beliefs, opinions and views with respect to future events and are based on estimates, assumptions and information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete and our statements should not be read 
 3 

to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and are subject to risks and uncertainties. We discuss many of these risks in greater detail under the heading Risk Factors. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 You should carefully read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference herein and have filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by these cautionary statements. 
 Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 
 
 We face many risks and uncertainties, as more fully described in this section under the heading Risk Factors. Some of these risks and uncertainties are summarized below. The summary below does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and you should read this summary together with the more detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties contained in Risk Factors. 
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception, expect to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability; 

We will require substantial additional funding to continue and complete the development and any commercialization of EQ101 and EQ102, and if Ono does not exercise its option, itolizumab (EQ001), and any future product candidates. If we are unable to raise this capital when needed, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or other operations; 

Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates; 

We are highly dependent on the successful development of our current product candidates, EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001), and we may not be able to obtain regulatory or marketing approval for, or successfully commercialize, these product candidates in any of the indications for which we plan to develop them; 

Any delays in the commencement or completion, or termination or suspension, of our ongoing, planned or future clinical studies could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to raise capital or generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial prospects; 

Interim, topline or preliminary data from our clinical studies that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data; 

We are and may become further dependent on Ono for funding the clinical development and commercialization of itolizumab (EQ001). If Ono terminates our Asset Purchase Agreement, does not exercise its option, or does not achieve the milestones specified in the Asset Purchase Agreement, our business and financial condition would be adversely impacted; 

We have licensed itolizumab from Biocon pursuant to an exclusive license agreement, which license is conditioned upon us meeting certain diligence obligations with respect to the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of itolizumab, and making significant milestone payments in connection with regulatory approval and commercial milestones as well as royalty payments; 

We have licensed the rights to itolizumab in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. Any adverse developments that occur during any research, clinical, or commercial use of itolizumab by Biocon or third parties in other jurisdictions may affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval of or successfully commercialize itolizumab (EQ001) or otherwise adversely impact our business; 

4 

If we are unable to obtain or protect intellectual property rights covering our product candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and we may not be able to compete effectively in our market; 

The manufacture of pharmaceutical products, especially biologics, is complex and we may encounter difficulties in production, distribution and delivery of our product candidates. If CMOs, including Biocon, our exclusive CMO for itolizumab (EQ001), encounter such difficulties, our ability to provide supply of our product candidates for clinical studies, our ability to obtain marketing approval, or our ability to obtain commercial supply of our products, if approved, could be delayed or stopped; 

We rely, and intend to continue to rely, on CROs to conduct our clinical studies and perform some of our research and preclinical studies. If these third parties do not satisfactorily carry out their contractual duties, fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or meet expected deadlines, our development programs may be delayed or subject to increased costs or we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval, each of which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects; 

We currently have no marketing and sales organization and have no experience as a company in commercializing products, and we may have to invest significant resources to develop these capabilities. If we are unable to establish marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with parties to market and sell our products, if approved, we may not be able to generate product revenue; and 

Even if our product candidates receive marketing approval in any indication, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, hospitals, healthcare payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 

5 

PART I 
 Item 1. Bus iness. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company leveraging a deep understanding of immunobiology to develop novel therapeutics to treat severe autoimmune and inflammatory, or immuno-inflammatory, disorders with high unmet medical need. Our strategy is focused on advancing the clinical development of our product candidates, including potentially pursuing additional indications and acquiring new product candidates and platforms to expand our pipeline. We intend to commercialize our product candidates either independently or through partnerships or otherwise monetize our pipeline through strategic transactions. 
 
 Our current clinical-stage product candidates consist of EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001). EQ101 and EQ102 are synthetic peptides engineered to specifically inhibit key disease-driving, clinically validated cytokine targets aimed at addressing unmet needs across a range of immuno-inflammatory indications. EQ101 is a first-in-class, selective, tri-specific inhibitor of IL-2, IL-9 and IL-15, and EQ102 is a first-in-class, selective, bi-specific inhibitor of IL-15 and IL-21. Itolizumab (EQ001) is a first-in-class monoclonal antibody that selectively targets the immune checkpoint receptor CD6, which plays a central role in the modulation of effector T cell, or T eff cell, activity and trafficking that drives a number of immuno-inflammatory diseases across multiple therapeutic areas. Our novel and differentiated pipeline of first-in-class immunology assets has the potential to address unmet medical needs in numerous areas, including dermatology, gastroenterology, rheumatology, hematology, transplant science, oncology and pulmonology. 

We are focused on developing EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001) as potential best-in-class, disease modifying treatments for multiple severe immuno-inflammatory disorders and currently have active clinical development programs with all three assets. The following chart summarizes the status of our current clinical development programs. Details for each program are outlined in Our Initial Clinical Indications section below. 
 6 

Strategy 
 
 Our goal is to become a leading, fully-integrated biotechnology company focused on therapies for severe immuno-inflammatory disorders. To achieve our goal, we intend to: 
 Develop EQ101 for the treatment of Alopecia Areata. We are conducting a Phase 2 proof-of-concept clinical study in subjects with alopecia areata, or AA. The primary objective of the study is to evaluate the safety and tolerability of EQ101 administered intravenously, or IV, with secondary objectives including the evaluation of drug efficacy, pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic, or PK/PD, properties, and changes in patient biomarkers. In addition, we are developing a subcutaneous, or SC, formulation of EQ101 expected to be ready for subsequent clinical studies. 

Develop EQ102 for the treatment of Celiac Disease. We are conducting a Phase 1 first-in-human, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical study of EQ102 administered SC as single or multiple doses in up to 64 healthy volunteers. The primary objective of the study is to assess the safety and tolerability of EQ102, with secondary objectives including the assessment of PK/PD changes. Following the multiple ascending dose, or MAD, part of this study, we are planning an additional part which will evaluate the biological activity of EQ102 in subjects with celiac disease. 

Develop itolizumab (EQ001) for the treatment of GVHD. We are conducting EQUATOR, a pivotal Phase 3 clinical study of itolizumab (EQ001) in acute graft-versus-host disease, or aGVHD. The randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study will assess the efficacy and safety of itolizumab (EQ001) versus placebo as a first-line therapy for aGVHD in combination with corticosteroids. 

Develop itolizumab (EQ001) for the treatment of lupus and lupus nephritis. We are conducting the Type B portion of EQUALISE, a Phase 1b proof-of-concept clinical study of itolizumab (EQ001) in patients with lupus nephritis, or LN. We completed the Type A portion, which was a MAD study involving 35 systemic lupus erythematosus, or SLE, patients to evaluate the safety, tolerability, PK/PD and clinical activity of itolizumab (EQ001) dosed SC every two weeks, or Q2W. 

Opportunistically expand our pipeline. We will continue to conduct preclinical and translational studies and assimilate learnings from clinical studies to help inform the selection of additional indications for future development of our product candidates. We will also leverage the collective talent within our organization to opportunistically discover, acquire or in-license other high-value therapeutic programs that may complement our core strategy or have the potential for synergistic therapeutic benefit in combination with EQ101, EQ102 or itolizumab (EQ001). 

Build a commercial infrastructure. If any of our product candidates are approved, we may commercialize them ourselves in indications that can be effectively targeted using a specialty sales force. For other indications that require a larger sales force, we may commercialize approved products through collaborations with other parties. 

Acquisition 
 We acquired the exclusive worldwide rights to EQ101 and EQ102 through the acquisition of Bioniz Therapeutics, Inc., or Bioniz, in February 2022. Through the acquisition, we expanded our immunology pipeline with first-in-class immuno-inflammatory product candidates across a range of development stages and obtained a proprietary platform for discovering additional, novel multi-cytokine targeting product candidates. See Note 6 of the Notes to Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for further details of this acquisition. 
 7 

Partnerships 
 
 Option Agreement with Ono 
 
 On December 5, 2022, we entered into the Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono, pursuant to which we granted Ono the exclusive right, but not the obligation, to acquire our rights to itolizumab (EQ001), or the Option. These rights include all therapeutic indications and the rights to commercialize itolizumab (EQ001) in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. In exchange for the Option, Ono paid us a one-time, upfront payment of an amount equal to JPY 3.5 billion, or 26.4 million. 
 
 If Ono exercises the Option, Ono will pay us a one-time, payment of an amount equal to JPY 5.0 billion, or approximately 37.2 million based on the currency exchange rate quoted by MUFG Bank, Ltd. on March 16, 2023. We are also eligible to receive up to 101.4 million upon the achievement of certain development and commercialization milestones. 
 
 We are responsible for conducting all research and development of itolizumab (EQ001), which will be funded by Ono on a quarterly basis from July 1, 2022 through the option period. Unless terminated early, the option period will expire three months following the delivery of topline data from the EQUALISE clinical study in LN and interim data from the EQUATOR Phase 3 clinical study in aGVHD. 
 
 The Asset Purchase Agreement can be terminated at any time by Ono upon written notice, provided that in limited circumstances Ono will be obligated to continue to reimburse us for research and development costs and expenses of itolizumab (EQ001) for a certain period of time following such termination. If Ono does not timely exercise its Option, the Asset Purchase Agreement and the Option will automatically terminate. The Asset Purchase Agreement also contains customary termination rights for both parties for material breach and an outside date (subject to limited adjustments) that permits either party to terminate the Asset Purchase Agreement if the closing has not occurred by December 31, 2025. 
 
 The Asset Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties with respect to both Equillium and Ono. Additionally, we are subject to customary obligations and covenants, including affirmative and negative operating covenants with respect to our business as it applies to the development and exploitation of itolizumab (EQ001), exclusivity obligations that prohibit us, except in limited circumstances, including in connection with the sale of our company, from pursuing a direct or indirect sale, license or other disposition of all or any portion of our itolizumab (EQ001) program or any of the assets to be purchased pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, and indemnification obligations, which, except in limited circumstances, are subject to customary caps and deductibles. See Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for further details of the Asset Purchase Agreement. 
 
 Collaboration and License Agreement with Biocon 
 
 We acquired the rights to itolizumab (EQ001) in May 2017, pursuant to a collaboration and license agreement with Biocon SA (subsequently assigned to Biocon Limited, or together, Biocon). Pursuant to that agreement and subsequent amendments, or Biocon License, Biocon granted us an exclusive license to develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale, import and otherwise exploit itolizumab (EQ001) and any pharmaceutical composition or preparation containing or comprising itolizumab (EQ001) that uses Biocon technology or Biocon know-how, or collectively, a Biocon Product, in the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, or the Equillium Territory. Our collaboration with Biocon includes an exclusive supply agreement for clinical and commercial drug product of itolizumab (EQ001), or the Clinical Supply Agreement. Biocon currently manufactures itolizumab (EQ001) at commercial scale in a facility in India regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. In addition, we have agreed to co-fund an ongoing Phase 2 clinical study of itolizumab in subjects with ulcerative colitis being conducted by Biocon in India. 
 
 In consideration for the rights granted to us by Biocon, we issued to Biocon 2,316,134 shares of common stock. In addition, we are obligated to pay Biocon up to an aggregate of 30 million in regulatory milestone payments upon the achievement of certain regulatory approvals and up to an aggregate of 565 million in sales milestone payments upon the achievement of first commercial sale of product and specified levels of product sales. We are also required to pay royalties on tiers of aggregate annual net sales of Biocon Products by us, our affiliates and our sublicensees in the United States and Canada at percentages from the mid-single digits to sub-teen double digits and on tiers of aggregate annual net sales of Biocon Products by us and our affiliates (but not our sublicensees) in Australia and New Zealand, in each case, subject to adjustments in certain circumstances. Biocon is also required to pay us royalties at comparable percentages for sales of itolizumab outside of the Equillium Territory if the approvals in such geographies included or referenced our data, including data from certain of our clinical studies, subject to adjustments in certain circumstances. Should Ono exercise its Option to acquire our rights to 
 8 

itolizumab (EQ001), the aforementioned milestone payments and royalties potentially owed to Biocon would become Ono s responsibility, and the potential royalties on sales of itolizumab (EQ001) outside of the Equillium Territory would become Ono s right. See Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details of the Biocon License and Clinical Supply Agreement. 
 
 Understanding the Basis of Our Approach: Multi-Cytokine Inhibition 
 
 Targeted Inhibition of Disease-Associated C Cytokines with Novel Compounds Generated from a Proprietary Discovery Platform 
 
 Our proprietary multi-cytokine platform generates rationally designed composite peptides that selectively block key cytokines at the shared receptor level targeting pathogenic cytokine redundancies and synergies while preserving non-pathogenic signaling. 
 
 This approach provides multi-cytokine inhibition at the receptor level and is expected to avoid the broad immuno-suppression and off-target safety liabilities of Janus kinase, or JAK, inhibitors. Many immune-mediated diseases are driven by the same combination of dysregulated cytokines, and we believe identifying the key cytokines for these diseases will allow us to target and develop customized treatment strategies for multiple autoimmune diseases. 
 
 Many monoclonal antibody, or mAb, therapies are targeted to a single cytokine or cytokine receptor and may not completely address the disease pathology if more than one cytokine is implicated in the disease process. Another therapeutic approach, inhibition of the Janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription, or JAK/STAT, signaling pathway, lacks specificity as it inhibits a signaling pathway that is utilized by many cytokines regardless of their involvement in the disease. As a result, this class of compounds is often associated with serious side effects. Our proprietary peptides selectively block multiple disease driving cytokines while maintaining the healthy immune balance through the normal function of other family members. See Figure 1. 

Figure 1: Rationally-designed, selective inhibition of multiple cytokines is believed to represent an optimized therapeutic modality compared to mAb and JAK inhibitors. 
 
 Equillium s Multi-Cytokine Inhibitors Selectively Block Activity of Certain Cytokines by Binding Pockets in the g C Common Receptor 
 
 EQ101 is a first-in-class, tri-specific inhibitor of IL-2, IL-9 and IL-15, three inflammatory cytokines implicated in multiple diseases. It selectively blocks those three key pathogenic cytokines while preserving non-pathogenic signaling related to the other g C cytokine family members, IL-4, IL-7 and IL-21 Figure 2). EQ101 has demonstrated clinical proof-of-concept as a novel tri-specific cytokine inhibitor through a completed Phase 1/2 clinical study in cutaneous T cell lymphoma, or CTCL, a 
 9 

dermato-oncology indication. The study achieved its primary objective of safety and tolerability and showed clinically meaningful improvements in the modified severity-weighted assessment tool, or SWAT, scores. In that study, the compound was shown to be well tolerated with a favorable safety profile with no drug-related serious adverse events, or SAEs, no dose-limiting toxicities, and no clinically significant laboratory abnormalities. 

Figure 2: EQ101 inhibits IL-2, IL-9 and IL-15, but not IL-4-, IL-7 and IL-21 
 
 EQ102 is a first-in-class, selective inhibitor of IL-15 and IL-21 Figure 3 ). It has undergone substantial translational work supporting its potential use as a treatment for various gastrointestinal diseases including celiac disease, an immune disorder related to gluten exposure. The high degree of selectivity for IL-15 and IL-21 inhibition aligns well with the demonstrated key involvement of these two cytokines that work synergistically in driving the pathology in celiac disease and other inflammatory gut and hepatic disorders. 
 
 10 

Figure 3: EQ102 inhibits IL-15 and IL-21, but not IL-2, IL-4, IL-7, and IL-9 
 
 EQ101 EQ102 Product Development 
 
 EQ101 
 
 EQ101 is a synthetic peptide covalently conjugated to a polyethylene glycol, or PEG, molecule in a site-specific manner. The drug substance is currently manufactured under good manufacturing practices, or GMP, by a contract manufacturing organization, or CMO, located in the United States. EQ101 drug product is currently formulated as a lyophilized powder for IV injection following reconstitution with Sterile Water for Injection, or SWFI. EQ101 SC formulation development is ongoing and expected to be ready for subsequent clinical studies. 
 
 Preclinical proof-of-concept studies of EQ101 have been conducted utilizing an animal model of immune-mediated hair loss. Non-Obese-Diabetic, or NOD, severe immune-deficient, or SCID, c (CD132)-/- (NSG) mice are deficient in lymphoid cells and were used for generating a humanized mouse model of immune-mediated hair loss, which has been used by other labs (Sonntag 2015). Humanized mice that are transplanted with human peripheral blood mononuclear cells manifest symptoms including severe systemic hair loss or alopecia. Following the development of significant alopecia, approximately 4 5 weeks post-transplant, the animals initiated study treatment. Response to treatment was evaluated using survival, body weight, serum cytokine levels (i.e., IL-2, IL-6, IL-15, TNF a , IFN ), and hair regrowth. 
 
 The efficacy results from the intervention studies found that EQ101 blockade of IL-2, IL-9 and IL-15 signaling resulted in significant regrowth of hair in this immune-mediated hair loss mouse model of AA. In addition, EQ101 also reduced circulating levels of the inflammatory cytokines IL-6 and interferon gamma, or IFN , which are part of the immuno-inflammatory process observed in patients with AA. In this mouse model, EQ101 appeared to be more efficacious than an anti-IL-2 mAb, an anti-IL-15 mAb, and the JAK 1/2 inhibitor ruxolitinib. These results suggest that EQ101 has promise as a novel potential treatment for patients with AA. 
 
 EQ101 has been evaluated by Bioniz in three completed human clinical studies. One was a single ascending dose, or SAD, clinical study in healthy volunteers and another was a MAD clinical study in healthy volunteers. In the SAD study, subjects received EQ101 administered IV, at a single dose of 0.2, 0.4, 0.8, 1.6, 3.2, or 6.4 mg/kg. In the MAD study, subjects received four weekly IV doses of EQ101 at 0.5, 1, or 1.5 mg/kg or three doses every other week at 2 or 3 mg/kg. A total of 43 healthy 
 11 

subjects received at least 1 dose of EQ101 in each of the two studies. EQ101 was considered well-tolerated with no deaths, serious or severe treatment-emergent adverse events, infusion reactions or dose-limiting toxicities, or DLTs. 
 
 Bioniz also evaluated EQ101 in an open-label Phase 1/2 dose-ranging clinical study of patients with large granular lymphocyte leukemia, or LGLL, or refractory cutaneous T cell lymphoma, or rCTCL, to characterize the safety, tolerability, clinical efficacy, and PK/PD of EQ101. The study enrolled 50 subjects, 30 with refractory CTCL and 20 with LGLL. Four escalating dose levels of 0.5 mg/kg, 1.0 mg/kg, 2.0 mg/kg and 4.0 mg/kg were administered weekly by IV infusion for up to 74 weeks. The study found that EQ101 was well-tolerated, with no DLTs, no infusion reactions, and no deaths, and only one subject discontinued participation due to an adverse event. Subjects treated with EQ101 exhibited a reduction in IL-2 and IL-15 dependent cells and inflammation, with improvements in skin lesions and a favorable overall response rate observed. Both the FDA and the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, granted EQ101 Orphan Drug designations for the treatment of CTCL in July 2019 and April 2021, respectively. 
 
 EQ102 
 
 EQ102 is also a synthetic peptide that is conjugated to a PEG molecule in a site-specific manner. The drug substance is currently manufactured under GMP by a CMO located in China. EQ102 drug product is supplied as a lyophilized powder for reconstitution using SWFI prior to SC administration. 
 
 Our Phase 1 clinical study is the first human clinical study of EQ102. Safety, toxicity, and PK/PD of EQ102 have been previously evaluated during the nonclinical development program that included 4-week toxicology studies in both rodents and Cynomolgus nonhuman primates, or NHP, using SC administration. In addition, an evaluation of toxicokinetic and anti-drug antibody, or ADA, potential and immunophenotype analyses were also performed in those studies. Dose-ranging studies were conducted in both mice and NHP to characterize the maximum tolerated doses and to inform dose selection for clinical development. 
 
 Understanding the Basis of Our Approach: CD6-ALCAM Pathway Inhibition 
 
 The Role of CD6 in Autoimmunity 
 
 The role of the immune system is to defend the body against foreign organisms and cells, including cancerous cells, and in doing so must distinguish accurately between self- and non-self entities, a process called tolerance. Autoimmunity is an immune response directed against the body s own healthy cells and tissues, and is the underlying process in many inflammatory diseases. Autoimmunity results from a loss of tolerance caused in part by an imbalance in the relationship between T effector cells, or T eff cells, and regulatory T cells, or T reg cells. See Figure 4 . 
 
 Figure 4: Autoimmunity is a balancing act. T reg cells play an important role in preventing T eff cells targeting of self-antigens that can lead to autoimmunity and tissue destruction. 
 Immune checkpoints are critical regulators of immune activation pathways, can be either co-stimulatory (activating) or co-inhibitory (inhibiting), and are crucial for maintaining immune balance and preventing autoimmunity. We believe co-stimulatory checkpoints are attractive drug targets for the treatment of immuno-inflammatory diseases, and more recently they have become a focus of development in immuno-inflammation. 
 
 12 

CD6 is a co-stimulatory receptor that plays an integral role in modulating T cell activation, proliferation, differentiation and trafficking. CD6 serves as a key checkpoint in regulating T eff cells that are central to autoimmune responses. Preclinical and clinical studies have shown that blockade of CD6 co-stimulation leads to selective inhibition of pathogenic T eff cell activity and trafficking, while preserving the important regulatory function of T reg cells. Such studies and new insights into the underlying biology highlight CD6 as a resurgent target for the treatment of multiple immuno-inflammatory diseases. 
 
 Activated leukocyte cell adhesion molecule, or ALCAM, is a ligand of CD6 that is expressed on hematopoietic tissues such as antigen-presenting cells, where it is important for immune synapse formation and optimal co-stimulation. Binding of ALCAM to domain-3 of CD6 leads to the downstream activation of several mitogen activated protein kinase pathways related to T cell activation, proliferation, differentiation and survival. See Figure 5. 
 
 ALCAM is also expressed on non-hematopoietic tissues such as the vascular endothelium, blood-brain barrier, skin, lung, kidney and gut, where it selectively facilitates the trafficking of T cells expressing CD6. 

Figure 5: CD6 co-stimulation drives pathogenic T cell development and activity . Co-stimulation occurs through the binding of ALCAM to domain-3 of CD6, leading to synergistic activation resulting in a five-fold increase in IL-2 receptor mediated T eff cell proliferation. Co-stimulation through CD6 promotes a pro-inflammatory response including the activation of pSTAT3 and ROR t resulting in increased expression of IL-23R and pathogenic secretion of several T eff pro-inflammatory cytokines. ALCAM expressed on tissues such as the skin, lung, gut, blood-brain-barrier and kidney, selectively facilitates the trafficking of T eff cells expressing CD6. Notably, T h 17 cells (that are steroid insensitive) and associated cytokines suppress T reg cell activity leading to a high T h 17:T reg ratio characteristic of chronic autoimmunity. 
 Modulation of T eff Cell Activity with Itolizumab (EQ001) 
 Itolizumab (EQ001) is a humanized antibody that selectively binds to human CD6 and inhibits the interaction of CD6 with its ligand ALCAM, preventing co-stimulation, and thereby reducing T eff cell activity and trafficking. Preclinical studies of itolizumab (EQ001) have shown that blockade of CD6 leads to a reduction in T eff cell proliferation and downregulation of several important pathways that contribute to T eff cell development such as Th1, Th2 and Th17 cells. Critically, CD6 blockade leads to the downregulation of important cellular pathways that control inflammation, including STAT3 and ROR t. The downregulation of these pathways is accompanied by decreased secretion of the pro-inflammatory T eff cytokines IFN- , TNF- , IL-6 and IL-17. 
 
 13 

Additionally, by inhibiting the binding of ALCAM to CD6, itolizumab modulates lymphocyte trafficking and results in reduced T eff cell infiltration into inflamed tissues. Based on its broad multi-modal mechanism, we believe itolizumab (EQ001) has the potential to treat multiple immuno-inflammatory diseases, including those that are resistant or refractory to existing therapies. See Figure 6 . 
 
 Figure 6: Blockade of CD6 by itolizumab (EQ001) inhibits T eff cell activation, proliferation , differentiation and trafficking. Itolizumab (EQ001) selectively binds to domain-1 of CD6 and inhibits the interaction of ALCAM, preventing co-stimulation and thereby reducing T eff cell proliferation. Blockade of CD6 downregulates pSTAT and ROR t resulting in reduced expression of IL-23R and secretion of pro-inflammatory T eff cytokines IFN- , TNF- , IL-6 and IL-17. Additionally, inhibiting the binding of ALCAM to CD6, reduces lymphocyte trafficking into inflamed tissues such as the skin, lung, gut, blood-brain-barrier and kidney. Reduction in the number and activity of T h 17 cells inhibiting the T reg cells restores immune balance and promotes immune tolerance. 
 
 Itolizumab (EQ001) Product Development 
 
 Itolizumab has shown activity in completed clinical studies conducted by Biocon in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, and acute respiratory distress syndrome, or ARDS, related to COVID-19. Itolizumab has been approved for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in India where it was originally launched by Biocon under the brand name ALZUMAb. ALZUMAb is produced in an NS0 cell line and is currently available only in an IV formulation. Itolizumab (EQ001) contains the identical monoclonal antibody sequence produced in a Chinese hamster ovary, or CHO, cell line and may be administered by IV or SC. CHO cell lines are the industry-standard antibody therapeutic production system. In September 2020, the Drugs Controller General of India granted approval to Biocon of itolizumab produced in a CHO cell line, marketed by Biocon in India under the brand name ALZUMAb-L, or ALZUMAb Lyophilized, for the treatment of plaque psoriasis, as well as emergency use authorization of ALZUMAb-L for the treatment of cytokine release syndrome in COVID-19 patients with moderate to severe ARDS. Moving forward, Biocon is planning on transitioning their marketing and commercialization efforts from ALZUMAb to ALZUMAb-L. Itolizumab (EQ001) and ALZUMAb-L are different drug product names for the same formulation. 
 
 Itolizumab (EQ001) is manufactured by Biocon at commercial scale in an FDA regulated manufacturing facility in India. Biocon has generated data demonstrating the analytical biocomparability of itolizumab (EQ001)/ALZUMAb-L and ALZUMAb using industry-standard physicochemical and biofunctional characterization methods. 
 
 Itolizumab (EQ001) Phase 1 Clinical Study in Healthy Subjects 
 
 Biocon conducted a Phase 1 clinical study of itolizumab (EQ001) in 37 healthy subjects that was completed in Australia in the fourth quarter of 2017. The study was conducted in two stages, with the first stage designed to assess the safety, tolerability, PK, PD, and immunogenicity of ascending single doses of itolizumab (EQ001) SC, and the second stage designed to compare the PK of itolizumab (EQ001) IV to ALZUMAb and determine the absolute bioavailability of itolizumab (EQ001) SC. 
 
 The administration of single doses of itolizumab (EQ001) SC in Stage 1 was found to be well tolerated, with a low incidence (2/24) of low titer anti-drug antibodies. There were no SAEs, DLTs, or drug discontinuations reported. No clinically meaningful changes in physical examinations or vital signs were observed, whereas transient decreases in lymphocyte counts without clinical consequences were seen in 11/24 (46 subjects. In general, observed AEs were transient, mild to moderate 
 14 

in severity, were not dose dependent, and most were consistent with those observed in prior clinical experience with ALZUMAb. 
 
 In Stage 2, the infusion of single doses of both itolizumab (EQ001) IV and ALZUMAb was associated with the development of transient, reversible, grade 2 to 3 decreases in lymphocyte counts in the healthy subjects. As a result, Stage 2 of the study was terminated early following the enrollment of seven subjects, yielding limited overall safety data and insufficient PK data for evaluation. There were no SAEs reported. No other clinically meaningful abnormalities or trends were noted in clinical chemistry, hematology, and urinalysis parameters. Similar to Stage 1, a transient decrease in T cells expressing CD4, and to a lesser extent CD8, a two- to three-times increase in the proportion of T reg cells, and saturation of CD6 receptors were observed across itolizumab (EQ001) and ALZUMAb cohorts. 
 
 While similar decreases in lymphocyte counts have not been reported with ALZUMAb previously, the timing of hematologic assessments in prior clinical studies may not have occurred at sufficiently early time-points to detect this transient response. Additionally, ALZUMAb had previously only been dosed in patients with active autoimmune disease and not healthy subjects. Importantly, the magnitude and kinetics of lymphocyte decreases were similar for itolizumab (EQ001) IV and ALZUMAb in Stage 2, while administration of itolizumab (EQ001) SC demonstrated milder decreases in lymphocyte counts, which would be expected based on the different PK properties of SC versus IV formulations. Furthermore, ALZUMAb had been well tolerated with demonstrated safety and clinical activity in three clinical studies in India in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and chronic plaque psoriasis, with a total of 333 patients exposed to ALZUMAb to date in clinical studies at doses ranging from 0.2 mg/kg to 1.6 mg/kg over a period of four years. Therefore, we believe the transient decreases in lymphocyte counts seen in the Phase 1 clinical study in healthy subjects represent a PD property of both itolizumab (EQ001) and ALZUMAb that will be monitored going forward, and the results of the Phase 1 clinical study support the advancement of itolizumab (EQ001) SC and IV into further clinical development in patients with immuno-inflammatory disease. 
 
 Our Initial Clinical Indications 
 
 Alopecia Areata Market Overview 
 
 AA is an inflammatory, non-scarring autoimmune-mediated condition resulting in hair loss that has limited treatment options for those with severe disease. The condition occurs when the immune system attacks hair follicles on any hair-bearing area of the body, most frequently on the head and face. The lifetime incidence of AA is estimated at about two percent globally, while the prevalence is estimated to be 0.1 to 0.2 . AA affects men and women of all racial and ethnic groups. It has a higher prevalence in children and adolescents with 40 of cases occurring prior to age 20, and 80 before age 40. The causes of AA are not fully understood, but it is believed to result from a loss of immune privilege in the hair follicle following a triggering event (e.g., stress, infection, trauma) facilitated by IFN , that leads to an upregulation of inflammatory cytokine signaling resulting in autoimmune-mediated hair loss. AA is associated with other immune-mediated or autoimmune disorders such as thyroiditis, vitiligo, and atopic diseases. Approximately 50 of patients have chronic relapsing, remitting disease persisting more than 12 months and approximately 10 to 35 ultimately experience complete loss of scalp hair (alopecia totalis) or complete loss of scalp and body hair (alopecia universalis). AA has a psychosocial burden that can have a significant negative impact on health-related quality of life and has been associated with depression and anxiety. 
 
 Rationale for EQ101 for the Treatment of Alopecia Areata 
 
 IL-2, IL-9, and IL-15 have been identified as being upregulated in animal models of AA and in human biopsies of AA lesions. Studies have demonstrated cytotoxic CD8+ NKG2D+ T cells were both necessary and sufficient for the disease induction in mouse models of AA, with IL-2 increasing the number of CD8+ cells and IL-15 increasing the expression of NKG2D and the production of IFN by follicular epithelial cells that aberrantly transforms these T cells into cytotoxic T cells that attack the hair follicle. IL-15 released by dendritic cells and/or the follicular epithelial cells is believed to be the initiating event that promotes production of IFN , which leads to the initial loss of immune privilege of the hair follicle, and production of IL-2 that leads to T cell proliferation. Global transcriptional profiling of mouse and human AA skin revealed gene expression signatures indicative of cytotoxic T cell infiltration and upregulation of IL-2 and IL-15 that have been shown to promote the activation and survival of IFN -producing CD8+ NKG2D+ effector T cells. In addition, the pathologic activation by IL-9 of mast cells that produce and secrete Th2 cytokines (IL-5, IL-6 and IL-13) and TGF and facilitate antigen presentation of the hair follicle to these cytotoxic T cells has been implicated in AA. 
 
 Several clinical studies have been conducted with JAK inhibitors for the treatment of AA. Initially, investigator-initiated studies using tofacitinib and ruxolitinib produced moderate response rates in small numbers of subjects that had been otherwise refractory to standard of care treatments. More recently, several industry-sponsored studies observed efficacy of 
 15 

JAK inhibitors in the treatment of AA using baricitinib, ritlecitinib and deuruxolitinib. Baricitinib was granted FDA approval for the treatment of AA in June 2022. 
 
 Despite the results of those clinical studies and the approval of baricitinib, the efficacy of JAK inhibitors may be limited by their PK properties which can result in inadequate blockade of JAK signaling between doses and by the additional signaling pathways (PI3K, AKT, mTOR and MAPK/ERK) associated with the c cytokines that are not inhibited by the JAK inhibitors, which can lead to an incomplete blockade of pathologic cytokine signaling. Furthermore, safety issues have been associated with JAK inhibitors, due to their wide-ranging inhibitory effects on non-disease-related cytokine signaling, which may limit their utility and acceptance by physicians and patients. We believe EQ101 is a more selective and effective inhibitor of IL-2, IL-9, and IL-15 (i.e., disease-driving cytokines) and may provide a novel therapeutic approach for the treatment of AA. 
 
 Development Plan in Alopecia Areata 
 
 We have two open Investigational New Drug applications, or INDs, for EQ101 for AA and CTCL. In November 2022, we initiated a Phase 2 clinical study (Figure 7) of EQ101 in subjects with AA in Australia. This is a multicenter, open-label, proof-of-concept clinical study in approximately 30 adult subjects between 18 and 60 years of age, with at least 35 scalp hair loss due to AA. Subjects will be dosed IV once weekly for 24 weeks with EQ101 at a dose level of 2 mg/kg, and subsequently followed for an additional four weeks. The primary objective of the study is to evaluate the safety and tolerability of EQ101 in subjects with moderate to severe AA over a 24-week treatment period. Secondary objectives will be to evaluate drug efficacy, PK/PD properties, and to assess changes in patient biomarkers. We expect to announce initial data from the Phase 2 clinical study of EQ101 in AA in the second half of 2023 and topline data in mid-2024. We are developing an SC formulation of EQ101 for planned use in subsequent clinical studies. 

Figure 7: Phase 2 open label clinical study of EQ101 in alopecia areata 
 
 Celiac Disease Market Overview 
 
 Celiac disease is a chronic inflammatory intestinal disorder caused by inappropriate cellular and humoral immune responses to the dietary intake of gluten in the genetically susceptible individual. Celiac disease is one of the most common autoimmune disorders, with a reported prevalence of 0.5 to 1 of the global population and affecting approximately 2.3 million people in the United States. The prevalence of celiac disease has increased over the past 50 years and the rate of diagnosis has risen over the past two decades. Although celiac disease can occur at any age, onset most commonly occurs either in the first two years of life or in the second or third decades of life. Celiac disease occurs selectively in individuals expressing the gene human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-DQ2 or HLA-DQ8. In celiac disease, a mucosal inflammatory response in the intestinal epithelia leads to villous atrophy, and crypt cell hyperplasia. The loss of mucosal integrity in celiac disease is associated with a high burden of illness resulting from a plethora of intestinal and extraintestinal disease manifestations. Currently, there are no approved products to treat celiac disease, and strict adherence to a gluten-free diet is currently the only approach for celiac disease patients to manage the disease. A full recovery is often observed in pediatric celiac disease patients, but over 40 of adult celiac disease patients maintain histological abnormalities such as villous structural damage following complete removal of dietary gluten. Further complicating the gluten-free treatment strategy, 5 of adult patients 
 16 

can develop a refractory form of celiac disease, characterized by severe villous atrophy and the presence of abnormal intraepithelial lymphocytes, or IELs, which is considered the early stages of enteropathy associated T cell lymphoma, a potentially lethal condition not confined to intestinal epithelia. 
 
 Rationale for EQ102 for the Treatment of Celiac Disease 
 
 IL-15 has been identified as a key driver of celiac disease pathogenesis. IL-15 is chronically upregulated in the lamina propria and epithelium of the intestine and directly correlates with the severity of mucosal damage. This proinflammatory cytokine acts on distinct cell types resulting in malfunction of multiple immune mechanisms. Elevated IL-15 in the intestinal lamina propria has been shown to promote phenotypic changes to tolerogenic dendritic cells leading to a block in the generation of regulatory T cells, or T regs , a lymphocyte subset critical for maintaining tolerance to self-antigens and promoting tolerance to innocuous dietary antigens. The reduction of inducible T regs to dietary antigens elevates the potential for an intestinal inflammatory immune response to gluten intake. IL 15 expression is also correlated with the upregulation of the activating NKG2D receptor on cytotoxic lymphocytes and its associated cytotoxic pathway, and with the complementary major histocompatibility complex class I chain-related (MIC) ligands (i.e., MICA and MICB) at the epithelial cell surface that triggers their subsequent killing by cytotoxic lymphocytes. 
 
 Another c cytokine that has been implicated in celiac disease is IL-21. IL-21 has a robust genetic association with celiac disease. IL-21 is produced by the gluten-specific CD4 T cells in celiac disease and has the capacity to promote cytolysis in intestinal intraepithelial cytotoxic T lymphocytes (IE CTL). IL-21 is only over-expressed in active celiac disease (patients who have gut tissue destruction) and not in potential celiac disease (those who only have antibody response and no gut tissue damage). This suggests that IL 21 may be a co-factor along with IL-15 in causing tissue damage in active celiac disease. Furthermore, IL-21 is known to be a key cytokine in the development of B cell differentiation and plasma cell generation, and therefore antibody response. A key characteristic of celiac disease is the presence of autoantibodies to transglutaminase 2 (TG2) that are produced by TG2-specific B cells. In addition to the infiltration of IE-CTLs in the lamina propria of the small bowel, there is evidence of plasmacytosis in the lamina propria which may highlight the potential pathogenic effect of autoantibody production in celiac disease. Recent studies highlighted the importance of crosstalk between CD4 T cells and B cells in activating the cytotoxic immune attack against gut tissue in celiac disease. IL 21, as a major B-cell cytokine, may play a key role in orchestrating both antibody and cytotoxic responses in celiac disease. IL-21 inhibition may control the production of autoantibodies in these patients. 
 
 Further support that these two c cytokines work in concert is bolstered by evidence that IL-15 drives IL 21 secretion in IELs derived from patients with active celiac disease. EQ102 specifically inhibits the activity of IL-15 and IL-21, but not the remaining c cytokines in the family (IL-2, -4, -7, or -9), thus targeting the key pathogenic cytokines in celiac disease while preserving the functional immune system through other uninterrupted c cytokines. EQ102 has been thoroughly characterized, and we believe it is uniquely positioned to provide a specific two-pronged approach to downregulate the cytotoxic activity of IELs in celiac disease by inhibiting the synergistic effect of IL-15 and IL-21. We believe EQ102 may control the gliadin mediated inflammatory effect in celiac disease by acting on both B and T cell arms in a highly selective manner. 
 
 Development Plan in Celiac Disease 
 
 In September 2022, we initiated a Phase 1 first-in-human clinical study of EQ102 in healthy volunteers in Australia. It is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of EQ102 administered SC as single or multiple doses in up to 64 healthy volunteers. In Part A, healthy volunteers will be enrolled and randomized to five cohorts (n=8 per cohort) to receive single doses of EQ102 or placebo. The starting dose in Part A will be 50 mg, with five ascending dose levels planned up to 1,000 mg. In Part B, healthy volunteers will be enrolled and randomized to three cohorts (n=8 per cohort) to receive multiple doses of EQ102 or placebo. In Part B, up to three dose levels will be evaluated, where the starting dose will be based on safety and pharmacokinetic data from Part A. The primary objective of the study is to assess the safety and tolerability of EQ102, with secondary objectives including PK/PD changes after SAD and MAD. Following the MAD portion of this study, we plan to conduct a proof-of-concept Part C of the study, which is expected to evaluate the biological activity of EQ102 in subjects with celiac disease. See Figure 8 for an overview of the Phase 1 clinical study of EQ102. We expect to announce data from the SAD and MAD parts of the study in the second half of 2023 and celiac disease patient data in 2024. 
 
 17 

Figure 8: EQ102 Phase 1 clinical study design 
 
 Graft-Versus-Host Disease Market Overview 
 
 Graft-versus-host disease, or GVHD, is a multisystem disorder that is a common complication of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplants, or allo-HSCT, caused by the transplanted immune system, more specifically T eff cells, recognizing and attacking the recipient s body. GVHD is the leading cause of non-relapse mortality in patients receiving an allo-HSCT. The risk of GVHD limits the number and type of patients receiving allo-HSCT and we believe that a therapy that can attenuate GVHD risk could significantly expand the patient population eligible for allo-HSCT. 
 
 According to the Center for International Blood Marrow Transplant Research and other published reports, there were approximately 10,000 allo-HSCT s expected to have been performed in the United States in 2020 and the number of procedures has grown at an average annual growth rate of approximately 4 since 2007. Approximately 30-70 of allo-HSCT recipients develop aGVHD. Five-year survival for patients that respond to first-line treatment with corticosteroids has been reported to be as low as 53 while in steroid refractory aGVHD, the overall 5-year survival has been reported to be as low as 5 . We estimate that the incidence of aGVHD in 2020 was approximately 5,800 patients and the total prevalence of GVHD was approximately 16,000 patients. We estimate that by the year 2030, the annual incidence of aGVHD could be up to 7,000 patients and the total prevalence of GVHD could be up to 20,000 patients. 
 
 Rationale for Itolizumab (EQ001) for the Treatment of GVHD 
 
 Itolizumab (EQ001) Selectively Targets GVHD Pathogenesis 
 
 There is a high unmet medical need for a safe, effective and targeted treatment of GVHD. We believe itolizumab (EQ001) has the potential to be a best-in-class treatment for aGVHD based on its ability to target the underlying biology of GVHD in a highly selective way. Further, this approach is also promising as we consider future development in the prevention of GVHD and the treatment of chronic GVHD, or cGVHD. 
 
 It is well established that T h 17 cells, driven by pSTAT3 signaling, play a role in the pathogenesis of aGVHD, and studies have shown that pSTAT3 was significantly increased in T cells of GVHD patients. In aGVHD, additional studies have reported that T h 17 cells and IL-17 serum levels were significantly elevated in patients at onset compared with HSCT patients without aGVHD. As the disease progresses, T h 17 cells traffic from the peripheral blood into GVHD target tissues where they trigger damage. Furthermore, the expansion of T h 17 cells in the early phase of aGVHD plays a role in the transition to cGVHD. In GVHD patients, studies have shown a high T h 17:T reg ratio suggesting a loss of tolerance. Notably the increased number of circulating T h 17 cells was accompanied by a decrease in T reg cells, suggesting a loss of T eff cell regulation. Such regulatory mechanisms are crucial for eliminating alloreactive T cell activity, thus preventing sustained autoimmune responses and tissue destruction in GVHD. 
 
 We believe itolizumab (EQ001) can selectively target elements of the underlying pathogenesis of aGVHD by: a) inhibiting T eff cells proliferation; b) downregulating the STAT3 pathway associated with development of pathogenic T h 17 cells driving GVHD pathogenesis; c) inhibiting trafficking of T eff cells into GVHD target tissues preventing further inflammation and organ damage; and d) reducing the T h 17:T reg ratio associated with the development of GVHD and thereby promoting tolerance. 
 
 18 

Third-party Clinical Experience with Targeting CD6 in GVHD 
 
 Clinical evidence to support the rationale of treating GVHD with itolizumab (EQ001) comes from previously-reported third-party clinical experience with CD6-expressing T cell depletion in patients receiving bone marrow transplants for hematologic malignancies where it has been demonstrated that using an anti-CD6 monoclonal antibody to deplete T cells from donor bone marrow or lymphocyte infusions has the potential to prevent aGVHD. In a study evaluating the clinical effects of selective in vitro CD6 expressing T cell depletion of donor allogeneic bone marrow using a monoclonal antibody to CD6 and rabbit complement, Soiffer et al. reported that in vitro T cell depletion with an anti-CD6 monoclonal antibody effectively reduced the incidence of both acute and chronic GVHD after allogeneic bone marrow transplant without compromising engraftment. 
 
 Subsequent studies further confirmed the feasibility of CD6-expressing T cell depletion in patients undergoing allogeneic bone marrow transplantation from human leukocyte antigen identical related and unrelated donors. In these studies, CD6 expressing depletion of the donor stem cell product was the sole method for GVHD prophylaxis. The low incidence of aGVHD reported in patients receiving allogeneic bone marrow treated with anti-CD6 monoclonal antibodies was attributed to the early appearance of a population of peripheral CD3 expressing T lymphocytes with a CD6-negative phenotype, which showed diminished reactivity to allogeneic stimulation in mixed lymphocyte reaction assays. Although the above described approach is one of ex vivo CD6-expressing T cell depletion, we believe that it further supports the role of CD6-expressing T cells in aGVHD pathogenesis and validates CD6 as a potentially important target for modulation for the treatment of GVHD. 
 Development Plan in GVHD 
 
 Our Investigational New Drug application, or IND, with the FDA for aGVHD was accepted in July 2018. The FDA granted itolizumab (EQ001) Fast Track designation for the treatment of aGVHD in December 2018 and Orphan Drug designations for both the prevention and treatment of aGVHD in February 2019. 
 
 In March 2019, we initiated EQUATE , an open-label Phase 1b clinical study of itolizumab (EQ001) as a first-line therapy concomitant with steroids for the treatment of aGVHD. In the EQUATE clinical study, we are assessing safety, PK, PD, and a number of clinical outcomes including complete response, or CR, rate, overall response rate, or ORR, survival and steroid taper. An overview of the design of the EQUATE study is depicted in Figure 9 . 

Figure 9: Overview of the EQUATE clinical study design 
 
 In February 2023, we presented final safety and efficacy results from the EQUATE clinical study at the Tandem Meetings of the American Society of Transplantation and Cellular Therapy and the Center for International Blood Marrow Transplant Research. Data was presented from a total of 30 subjects treated with itolizumab (EQ001) at doses of 0.4, 0.8, or 1.6 mg/kg. Itolizumab (EQ001) treatment in combination with systemic corticosteroids was associated with rapid and durable high rates of overall clinical response, where response at Day 29 was associated with improved progression-free survival through 1 year. Further, responders were able to taper steroids by 70 at Day 29 and 99 at Day 169. Itolizumab (EQ001) was well-tolerated in severe aGVHD patients. Based on these findings and feedback from both the FDA and leading physicians in the field of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, in March 2022 we initiated EQUATOR, a Phase 3 pivotal clinical study in first-line aGVHD. 
 
 EQUATOR is a randomized, double-blind clinical study that will assess the efficacy and safety of itolizumab (EQ001) versus placebo as a first-line therapy for aGVHD in combination with corticosteroids. The primary objective of the study is to achieve early disease response, with key secondary objectives to evaluate durability of response, corticosteroid use, survival 
 19 

outcomes, and cGVHD incidence. The primary endpoint assessment is CR rate at Day 29, with key secondary endpoints of overall response rate, or ORR, at Day 29 and durability of CR rate from Day 29 through Day 99. 
 
 The EQUATOR study will compare the efficacy and safety of IV administered itolizumab (EQ001) versus placebo (randomized 1:1) as a first-line therapy in up to 200 adult and adolescent patients with Grade III-IV aGVHD or Grade II aGVHD with lower GI involvement, in combination with high doses of corticosteroids, the current standard of care. Per the study protocol, patients must receive itolizumab (EQ001) within 3 days of the first administration of high-dose corticosteroids with a treatment period from Days 1-99 and a follow-up period from Days 100-365. Eligible subjects who receive 2 mg/kg methylprednisolone or equivalent on Day 1 will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio to the following two treatment groups: Group A: itolizumab (EQ001), 1.6 mg/kg initial dose followed by 6 doses of 0.8 mg/kg once every two weeks (Q2W), plus systemic corticosteroids (100 subjects), or Group B: placebo, 7 doses Q2W, plus systemic corticosteroids (100 subjects). An independent data monitoring committee will regularly review safety data, and an interim analysis is planned after approximately 100 subjects have completed Day 29 assessments to evaluate the safety and efficacy of treatment. We anticipate that interim review occurring in 2024. An overview of the design of the EQUATOR study is depicted in Figure 10 . 
 
 Figure 10: Overview of the EQUATOR clinical study design 
 Lupus Market Overview 
 SLE is a heterogeneous, multisystem, autoimmune disease characterized by the presence of multiple autoantibodies and deposition of immune complexes in various tissues. Based on publicly available sources, we estimate that SLE impacts between 250,000 and 322,000 people in the United States. 
 
 LN is the most frequent, serious manifestation of SLE occurring in up to 30-60 of SLE patients. It is estimated there are over 100,000 patients living with LN in the United States; despite the significant number of people affected, there are currently only two FDA-approved drugs for this condition. 
 
 Current Therapies for Lupus Nephritis and their Limitations 
 
 Current standard-of-care therapy for the most aggressive type of LN, called proliferative LN or Class III or IV LN, consists of broad-based immunosuppressive drugs, such as prednisolone, mycophenolate mofetil, or MMF, and cyclophosphamide, which come with significant toxicities. LN is predominantly a disease of young women, and these drugs carry with them a number of toxicities that are particularly problematic for this population including weight gain, edema, moon face, infection risk, diabetes, and infertility. 
 
 While these therapies have improved 5-year survival for LN patients, as many as 50-75 of patients are refractory to treatment and those that respond will likely relapse within five years. In those patients who are refractory or relapse after initial treatment with induction therapy, there is no consensus or strong evidence to support what treatments may be effective. The prognosis for patients with proliferative LN remains poor and up to 40 of patients will progress to end-stage renal disease, or ESRD, requiring dialysis or kidney transplant. Overall, the available options are quite limited for LN patients, particularly those that are refractory to, or relapse from standard induction therapy. Recently, two new therapies have been 
 20 

approved for LN. GlaxoSmithKline s Benlysta, which was approved for LN in December 2020, targets BLyS and inhibits the stimulation of autoreactive B-cells. Aurinia Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Lupkynis, which was approved in January 2021, is a calcineurin inhibitor that blocks IL-2 expression and inhibits autoreactive T cells. Despite those recent approvals, there remains a significant need for new therapies that are more effective, can maintain a durable response, and carry a better safety profile. 
 
 Rationale for Itolizumab (EQ001) for the Treatment of LN 
 
 Itolizumab (EQ001) Selectively Targets T eff Cells that Play a Central Role in the Pathogenesis of LN 
 
 Despite the presence of autoantibody formation and inflammatory cytokines in SLE and LN, B cell-directed and single-cytokine targeted therapies have largely failed in clinical development. More recent evidence has demonstrated that T eff cells play a central role in the pathogenesis of both SLE and LN in that they mediate tissue damage and also enhance the production of autoantibodies by promoting B cell differentiation, proliferation and maturation. Multiple T eff cells/cytokines, such T h 1/IFN- , T h 2/IL-4 and T h 17/IL-17, have all been implicated in the immunopathogenesis of both SLE and LN, highlighting the complex nature of the disease. However, T h 17 cells are emerging as key targets as it has been demonstrated that high levels of IL-17 predict poor histopathological outcome after immunosuppressive therapy in patients with LN. Elevated levels of T h 17 cells are accompanied by a decrease of T reg cells, suggesting that loss of this functional immune balance may be involved in the pathogenesis of renal damage in SLE patients. Therefore, targeting T eff cells, or molecules that modulate T eff cell activity, while preserving T reg activity could prove to be a successful therapeutic strategy for patients with SLE and LN. 
 
 We believe the unique mechanism of action of itolizumab (EQ001) can selectively target elements of the underlying pathogenesis of LN by: a) inhibiting multiple pathogenic T eff cells and cytokine secretion; b) inhibiting trafficking of T eff cells into kidney tissues; and c) reducing the T h 17:T reg ratio associated with LN. 
 
 Translational Research Supporting Itolizumab (EQ001) in LN 
 
 Given the central role that T eff cells play in the immunopathogenesis of SLE and LN, we believe itolizumab (EQ001), which has been shown to block the CD6-ALCAM pathway and inhibit both the activity as well as trafficking of T eff cells into tissues, represents a promising therapeutic approach in this disease. To support this hypothesis, data from preclinical experiments in animal models of SLE and glomerulonephritis demonstrated that treatment with an anti-CD6 mAb lowers pro-inflammatory cytokines and improves disease activity, proteinuria, and renal function. In addition, validation for targeting the CD6-ALCAM pathway with itolizumab (EQ001) in LN is bolstered by translational research findings in human tissue and was published in the Journal of Clinical Investigation in January 2022. The manuscript highlights data confirming the role of T cells activated by the CD6-ALCAM pathway in the development of LN and supports our research of itolizumab (EQ001) as a potentially novel therapeutic for treating LN. 
 
 Research conducted at the University of Houston, supported by a Target Identification in Lupus Grant from the Lupus Research Alliance, has shown that patients with active LN have substantial elevations in urinary ALCAM and that ALCAM levels in the urine track with disease activity. See Figure 11 . These data further highlight the potentially important pathogenic role of the CD6-ALCAM pathway in patients with LN. 
 21 

Figure 11: ALCAM is a predictive biomarker in patients with active LN . The graph depicts levels of ALCAM in the urine of active LN, active (non-renal) SLE, inactive SLE and healthy controls by ELISA. ALCAM was highest in active LN patients while SLE patients were higher than healthy controls. The table compares the performance of urinary protein markers in differentiating active LN (N=89) from inactive LN (N=60) in African-American and Hispanic systemic lupus erythematosus patients. 

In addition to target validation, this research on urinary biomarkers may also have important implications in how we develop itolizumab (EQ001) in LN. The ease and scalability of using urine as a non-invasive liquid biopsy of the kidney provides us an opportunity to potentially change the way we identify and treat patients with LN. A biomarker-guided treatment approach using real-time urinary testing of the CD6-ALCAM pathway to determine the right patients for therapy, guide treatment, and monitor the disease has the potential to increase the chance of advancing a targeted therapeutic to drug approval and significantly improve patient care. Specifically, elevations in urinary biomarkers, such as soluble ALCAM or CD6, could be used to identify patients most likely to respond to itolizumab (EQ001). An evaluation of these biomarkers will be an important part of the development program and forms the initial basis for exploring a personalized medicine biomarker strategy with itolizumab (EQ001). 
 
 Development Plan in LN 
 
 In July 2019, our IND for lupus/LN was accepted by the FDA, and in December 2019 the FDA granted itolizumab (EQ001) Fast Track designation for the treatment of LN. In September 2019, we initiated EQUALISE, a Phase 1b proof-of-concept clinical study of itolizumab (EQ001) in patients with SLE and in patients with LN. The completed Type A portion was a MAD study involving 35 SLE patients to evaluate the safety, tolerability, PK, PD, and clinical activity of SC doses of itolizumab (EQ001) ranging from 0.4 mg/kg to 3.2 mg/kg Q2W. The ongoing Type B portion of the study is open label and 
 22 

is evaluating up to 20 newly diagnosed or refractory LN patients who will be treated with itolizumab (EQ001) dosed at 1.6 mg/kg SC Q2W for up to 24 weeks. The selection of the 1.6 mg/kg dose was based on the totality of the safety, tolerability, and PK/PD data in the Type A part of the study that demonstrated a plateau in the reduction of CD6 cell surface expression above the 1.6 mg/kg dose. In addition to the same objectives as were in the Type A portion of the study, the Type B portion will also assess potential clinical activity of itolizumab (EQ001) in LN patients based on proteinuria levels and SLEDAI-2K scores. An overview of the design of the EQUALISE study is depicted in Figure 12 . 

Figure 12: Overview of the EQUALISE clinical study design 
 
 In March 2021, we reported favorable topline data from the Type A group of the EQUALISE study in patients with SLE where the data showed itolizumab (EQ001) was well tolerated. In addition, itolizumab (EQ001) demonstrated a dose-dependent reduction of cell surface CD6 expression on effector T cells, an indicator of drug activity, consistent with its mechanism of action. 
 
 In September 2022, we announced interim results from the Type B LN portion of the study where itolizumab (EQ001) demonstrated clinically meaningful responses in highly proteinuric subjects. The interim data reported on 13 patients, with 11 patients reaching at least 12 weeks of treatment and 6 patients reaching 28 weeks or the end of study, or EOS. Based on published guidelines for the management of LN from the European League Against Rheumatism, or EULAR, and European Renal Association-European Dialysis and Transplant Association, or ERA-EDTA, clinical activity assessments in this study are focused on the change in UPCR from baseline; proportion of patients with a CR, defined as 50 or greater reduction in UPCR and less than 0.5-0.7 g/g; and proportion of patients achieving a partial response, or PR, defined as 50 or greater reduction in UPCR. Subjects in the interim analysis were highly proteinuric with a baseline mean UPCR of 5.8 g/g. Clinically meaningful responses were observed by week 28 (EOS) including 3 of 6 (50 subjects achieving a CR (UPCR 50 reduction) and 4 of 6 (67 subjects achieving greater than 80 reduction in UPCR. In all subjects receiving more than one dose, 8 of 12 (67 subjects achieved greater than 50 reduction in UPCR, we observed an average reduction of 60 in UPCR (over 3g of proteinuria) and subjects titrated steroid dose to 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our intellectual property is critical to our business and we strive to protect it, including by obtaining and maintaining patent protection in the United States and internationally for our product candidates, discovery platforms, novel biological discoveries, epitopes, new therapeutic approaches and potential indications, and other inventions that are important to our business. For our product candidates, generally we intend to initially pursue patent protection covering compositions of matter and methods of use. Throughout the development of our product candidates, we intend to identify additional means of obtaining patent protection that would potentially enhance commercial success, including claims targeting newly identified compositional improvements, methods of design, methods of treating and additional therapeutic targets. 
 As of March 3, 2023, our patent portfolio related to itolizumab included issued patents and pending patent applications exclusively licensed from Biocon in the United States, Australia, Canada, and New Zealand, pending international and 
 23 

national stage patent applications filed under the Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, that we own. The terms of the Biocon License are discussed above in Business Partnerships Collaboration and License Agreement with Biocon . 
 Specifically, as of March 3, 2023, our licensed rights from Biocon related to itolizumab included nine issued patents in the United States, six issued patents in Australia, four issued patents in Canada, six issued patents in New Zealand, and pending patent applications in the United States, Australia, Canada, and New Zealand. Five of our issued U.S. patents are expected to expire in 2028 (absent any patent term extension for regulatory delays) and include claims directed to the antibody sequence of itolizumab and methods of formulating and using itolizumab alone or in combination with other agents to treat various T cell mediated diseases and disorders including GVHD and transplant rejection. Two of our issued U.S. patents are expected to expire in 2034 (absent any patent term extension for regulatory delays), and include claims directed to treating multiple sclerosis or inflammatory bowel disease with itolizumab in certain patients exhibiting increased numbers of T h 17 cells, wherein certain of the methods include monitoring IL-23R expression. Our issued Australia, Canadian, and New Zealand patents are expected to expire between 2027 and 2034. Our licensed rights from Biocon include a pending patent application family related to methods of using itolizumab to treat lupus, which includes one issued U.S. patent and pending applications in the United States, Australia, Canada, and New Zealand. Patents that may issue from our pending in-licensed patent applications are expected to expire between 2028 and 2041, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 Additionally, we own one patent application family related to methods of using itolizumab to treat severe asthma, which is pending in the United States, Australia, Canada, and New Zealand. If granted, any patents that issue from this patent family are expected to expire in 2039, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. We also own one pending PCT application related to itolizumab dosing regimens, companion biomarkers, in vitro test lot assays, and ex vivo transplant therapies. If granted, any patents that issue from this PCT application are expected to expire in 2041, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 We also co-own one pending patent application family with the University of Houston System, which relates to diagnostic methods for using itolizumab to treat LN and is pending in the United States, Australia, Canada, and New Zealand. If granted, any patents that issue from this patent family are expected to expire in 2040, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 As of March 3, 2023, through our acquisition of Bioniz, we wholly own a patent portfolio directed to composite peptide antagonists. This wing of our portfolio includes six additional patent families, including those related to the IL-2, IL-9, IL-15 peptide antagonist EQ101 (formerly known as BNZ-1), the IL-15 and IL-21 peptide antagonist EQ102 (formerly known as BNZ-2), other peptide sequences, and other related technologies for peptide modulation of multi-cytokine signaling largely in the c-cytokine family space. 
 Of these six composite peptide families, the first family includes claims currently directed to composite peptides covering EQ101, methods of designing such peptides, and methods of using such peptides to treat various T cell mediated diseases and disorders (including but not limited to RA, immune-mediated hair loss, and myositis). This family currently includes seven issued U.S patents, three issued Australian patents, one issued Canadian patent, one issued Brazilian patent, one issued Chinese patent, 38 patents in European states, and two issued Japanese patents. Also pending are applications in the United States, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, and Japan. If granted, any patents in this patent family are expected to expire in 2032, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 The second patent family in our composite peptide portfolio includes claims currently directed to other multi-cytokine family peptide antagonists, as well as their methods of production. This family includes two issued U.S. patents and a pending U.S. application. If granted, any patents in this patent family are expected to expire in 2034, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 The third patent application family includes claims currently directed to composite peptides covering EQ102 and its methods of use to treat various T cell mediated diseases and disorders (including but not limited to celiac disease and inflammatory bowel disease). This family includes three issued U.S. patents, two issued Australian patents, 24 patents in European states, one issued Hong Kong patent, one issued Japanese patent, and one issued Korean patent. Also pending are applications in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, India Japan, and Korea. If granted, any patents in this patent family are expected to expire in 2036, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 The fourth and fifth patent families include claims currently directed towards compositions and methods of treating various therapeutic targets (including, but not limited to, alopecia areata and related disorders). The fourth patent family includes one issued Australian patent. Collectively, these families include pending applications in the United States, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, India, Japan, and Korea. If granted, any patents in this patent family are expected to expire in either 2038 or 2040, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 24 

The sixth patent family includes claims currently directed to EQ101 for use in methods of treating cytokine-release syndrome and related disorders. This family includes pending applications in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Japan and Korea. If granted, any patents in this patent family are expected to expire in 2041, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 We file U.S. provisional patent applications as well as U.S. non-provisional applications and PCT applications that claim the benefit of the priority date of earlier filed provisional applications, when applicable. Provisional applications for patents were designed to provide a lower-cost first patent filing in the United States. Corresponding non-provisional patent applications must be filed not later than 12 months after the provisional application filing date. The corresponding non-provisional application benefits in that the priority date(s) of the patent application is/are the earlier provisional application filing date(s), and the patent term of the finally issued patent is calculated from the later non-provisional application filing date. This system allows us to obtain an early priority date, add material to the patent application(s) during the priority year, obtain a later start to the patent term and to delay prosecution costs, which may be useful in the event that we decide not to pursue examination in an application. The PCT system allows a single application to be filed within 12 months of the original priority date of the patent application, and to designate all of the 153 PCT member states in which national patent applications can later be pursued based on the international patent application filed under the PCT. The PCT searching authority performs a patentability search and issues a non-binding patentability opinion which can be used to evaluate the chances of success for the national applications in foreign countries prior to having to incur the filing fees. Although a PCT application does not issue as a patent, it allows the applicant to seek protection in any of the member states through national-phase applications. At the end of the period of 2 1/2 years from the first priority date of the patent application, separate patent applications can be pursued in any of the PCT member states either by direct national filing or, in some cases by filing through a regional patent organization, such as the European Patent Organization. The PCT system delays expenses, allows a limited evaluation of the chances of success for national/regional patent applications and enables substantial savings where applications are abandoned within the first 2 1/2 years of filing. 
 We intend to prosecute the pending applications that we own and in-license and to pursue patent issuance and protection in key commercial markets where we expect significant product sales may occur. 
 With the enactment of the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, an abbreviated pathway for the approval of biosimilar and interchangeable biological products was created. The abbreviated regulatory pathway establishes legal authority for the FDA to review and approve biosimilar biologics, including the possible designation of a biosimilar as interchangeable based on its similarity to an existing reference product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product cannot be approved by the FDA until 12 years after the original branded product is approved under a Biologics License Application, or BLA. 
 The patent positions of biotechnology companies like ours are generally uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. We recognize that the ability to obtain patent protection and the degree of such protection depends on a number of factors, including the extent of the prior art, the novelty and non-obviousness of the invention, and the ability to satisfy the enablement requirement of the patent laws. In addition, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. Consequently, we may not obtain or maintain adequate patent protection for any of our product candidates. We cannot predict whether the patent applications we are currently pursuing will issue as patents in any particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any issued patents will provide sufficient proprietary protection from competitors. Any patents that we hold may be challenged, circumvented or invalidated by third parties. 
 Our commercial success will also depend in part on not infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. In addition, we have licensed rights under proprietary technologies of third parties to develop, manufacture and commercialize specific aspects of our products and services. It is uncertain whether the issuance of any third-party patent would require us to alter our development or commercial strategies, alter our processes, obtain licenses or cease certain activities. The expiration of patents or patent applications licensed from third parties or our breach of any license agreements or failure to obtain a license to proprietary rights that we may require to develop or commercialize our future technology may have a material adverse impact on us. If third parties prepare and file patent applications in the United States that also claim technology to which we have rights, we may have to participate in interference proceedings in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, to determine priority of invention. For a more comprehensive discussion of the risks related to our intellectual property, please see Risk Factors Risks Related to Intellectual Property. 
 The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application related to the patent. A U.S. patent also may be afforded a patent term adjustment, or PTA, under certain circumstances to compensate for delays in obtaining the patent from the USPTO. In some instances, such a PTA may result in a U.S. patent 
 25 

term extending beyond 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application related to the U.S. patent. In addition, in the United States, the term of a U.S. patent that covers an FDA-approved drug may also be eligible for patent term extension, which permits patent term restoration as compensation for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent. The length of the patent term extension is related to the length of time the drug is under regulatory review. Patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval and only one patent applicable to an approved drug may be extended. Similar provisions are available in Europe and other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. In the future, if and when our products receive FDA approval, we expect to apply for patent term extensions on patents covering those products. We plan to seek patent term extensions to any of our issued patents in any jurisdiction where these are available, however there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the FDA in the United States, will agree with our assessment of whether such extensions should be granted, and if granted, the length of such extensions. 
 We also rely on trade secrets relating to product candidates and seek to protect and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary information to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees and consultants, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets, including through breaches of such agreements with our employees and consultants. Thus, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific partners, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information concerning our business or financial affairs developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. Our agreements with employees also provide that all inventions conceived by the employee in the course of employment with us or from the employee s use of our confidential information are our exclusive property. 
 Competition 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by continuing technological advancement and significant competition. While we believe that our product candidates, technology, knowledge, experience and scientific resources provide us with competitive advantages, we face competition from major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions, among others. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. Key product features that would affect our ability to effectively compete with other therapeutics include the efficacy, safety and convenience of our products. The level of generic competition and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors will also significantly affect the pricing and competitiveness of our products. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. 
 Many of the companies against which we may compete have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical studies, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical study sites and patient registration for clinical studies, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 Moreover, there are several companies marketing or developing treatments that may be approved for the same indications and/or diseases as our product candidates. 
 Alopecia Areata 
 The management of AA currently involves the use of a variety of topical, intralesional, and systemic agents, as well as devices, but the response to treatment varies widely. First-line therapies typically rely on topical or intralesional corticosteroids and in more severe patients, systemic corticosteroids. For refractory disease, immunosuppressive agents such as methotrexate, azathioprine and cyclosporine may be used. There is currently only one product, baricitinib, a JAK inhibitor with a brand name of Olumiant, approved by the FDA for the treatment of AA. Clinical studies have studied JAK inhibitors and S1P modulators, among others. Companies involved in alopecia areata drug development include Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc., ASLAN Pharmaceuticals Limited, Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (acquired by Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.), Forte Biosciences, Inc., Horizon Therapeutics plc, Legacy Healthcare, Pfizer Inc., Reistone Biopharma, Zelgen Biopharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., and Zura Bio Limited. 
 26 

Celiac Disease 
 The only available treatment for celiac disease is lifelong adherence to a strict gluten-free diet. Most patients have difficulty maintaining such a diet and many patients do not fully respond, with symptoms persisting despite avoidance of gluten. There are currently no FDA-approved therapies for treatment of celiac disease. We are aware of a number of companies with development programs targeting the condition including Anokion SA, Calypso Biotech BV, Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., IGY Immune Technologies Life Sciences Inc., Immunic, Inc., ImmunogenX, Inc., Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc., Provention Bio, Selecta Biosciences, Theriva Biologics, Inc., Takeda Pharmaceuticals, and Zedira GmbH. 
 aGVHD 
 Corticosteroids, or steroids, remain the standard of care for the first-line treatment of aGVHD. There are currently no FDA-approved therapies indicated as a first-line treatment of aGVHD. Second-line therapy consists of off-label immunosuppressives for which the therapeutic benefit has not been established, and Incyte Corporation s ruxolitinib which was approved for the treatment of steroid refractory aGVHD in 2019. 
 In addition, we are aware of a number of companies with development programs in first-line and steroid refractory aGVHD, including AltruBio, Inc., ASC Therapeutics, CSL Behring LLC, Cynata Therapeutics Limited, ElsaLys Biotech, Humanigen, Inc., Maat Pharma SA, Medac GmbH, Mesoblast Limited, Shenzhen Xbiome Biotech, Co., Ltd., VectivBio Holding AG, and Zelgen Biopharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 
 Lupus Nephritis 
 Standard of care induction treatment in patients with the most severe forms of LN, called proliferative LN or Class III or IV LN, is typically IV methylprednisolone followed by oral prednisone with the addition of MMF or cyclophosphamide. Standard of care for maintenance therapy is typically a combination of corticosteroids and MMF or calcineurin inhibitors. There are currently two approved therapies for the treatment of LN. One is GlaxoSmithKline s Benlysta, approved in 2020, and the other is Lupkynis (voclosporin), which was approved in January 2021 and is marketed by Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 We are aware of a number of companies with development programs targeting LN including Amgen Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Corestem Co., Ltd., CSL Behring LLC, Genentech Inc., Jansen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson Johnson, Kezar Life Sciences, Inc., Novartis AG, Omeros Corporation and Vera Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Given our stage of development, we have not yet established a commercial organization or distribution capabilities. We expect to manage sales, marketing, patient access and distribution either through internal resources or through third-party relationships. While we may commit significant financial and management resources to commercial activities, we will also consider collaborating with one or more pharmaceutical companies to enhance our commercial capabilities. Should Ono exercise its option to acquire our rights to itolizumab (EQ001), the commercialization of itolizumab (EQ001) would be Ono s responsibility. 
 Manufacturing 
 We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of our product candidates, nor do we have plans to develop our own manufacturing operations in the foreseeable future. We rely on CMOs to manufacture EQ101 and EQ102. We rely on Biocon, our contract manufacturer, pursuant to the Biocon License and Biocon Supply Agreement, for all our required raw materials, drug substance and drug product needs for preclinical research, clinical studies and commercial supply of itolizumab (EQ001). Biocon manufactures itolizumab (EQ001) at commercial scale at its FDA-regulated facility in Bangalore, India. 
 With respect to any future product candidates, we expect to rely on contract manufacturers for all our required raw materials, drug substance and drug product needs for preclinical research, clinical studies and commercial supply. 
 Government Regulation and Product Approval 
 The FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal, state, and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring, and post-approval reporting of biologics such as those we are developing. We, along with third-party contractors, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical and commercial approval requirements of the 
 27 

governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval or licensure of our product candidates. 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates biologics under both the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and the Public Health Services Act, or PHSA, and their implementing regulations. The process required by the FDA before biologic product candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 completion of preclinical laboratory tests and animal studies performed in accordance with the FDA s current Good Laboratory Practices, or GLP, regulations; 

submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before clinical studies may begin and must be updated annually or when significant changes are made; 

approval by an independent Institutional Review Board, or IRB, or ethics committee at each clinical site before the study is commenced; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical studies to establish the safety, purity and potency of the proposed biologic product candidate for its intended purpose; 

preparation of and submission to the FDA of a biologics license application, or BLA, for product candidates that are manufactured in biological systems like itolizumab (EQ001), or a New Drug Application, or NDA, for product candidates like EQ101 or EQ102 that are manufactured through chemical synthesis, after completion of all pivotal clinical studies that includes substantial evidence of safety, purity and potency from results of nonclinical testing and clinical studies; 

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a BLA or NDA to file the application for review; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the proposed product is produced to assess compliance with current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biological product s continued safety, purity and potency, and of selected clinical investigation sites to assess compliance with Good Clinical Practices, or GCP; and 

FDA review and approval, or licensure, of the BLA or NDA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for use in the United States. 

Preclinical and Clinical Development 
 Prior to beginning the first clinical study with a product candidate in the United States, we must submit an IND to the FDA. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational new drug product to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for clinical studies. The IND also includes results of animal and in vitro studies assessing the toxicology, PK, pharmacology, and PD characteristics of the product candidate; chemistry, manufacturing, and controls information; and any available human data or literature to support the use of the investigational product. An IND must become effective before human clinical studies may begin. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises safety concerns or questions about the proposed clinical study. In such a case, the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical study can begin. Submission of an IND therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical study. 
 Clinical studies involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical study. Clinical studies are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical study conducted during product development and for any subsequent protocol amendments. Furthermore, an independent IRB for each site proposing to conduct the clinical study must review and approve the plan for any clinical study and its informed consent form before the clinical study begins at that site, and must monitor the study until completed. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical study at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that the study is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, 
 28 

which provides authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study and may halt the clinical study if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical study results to public registries. 
 For purposes of BLA or NDA approval, human clinical studies are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap. 
 Phase 1 The investigational product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition. These studies are designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and elimination of the investigational product in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. 

Phase 2 The investigational product is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical studies may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical studies. 

Phase 3 The investigational product is administered to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical study sites. These clinical studies are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to provide an adequate basis for product approval. 

In some cases, the FDA may require, or companies may voluntarily pursue, additional clinical studies after a product is approved to gain more information about the product. These so-called Phase 4 clinical study may be made a condition to approval of the BLA or NDA. Concurrent with clinical studies, companies may complete additional animal studies and develop additional information about the biological characteristics of the product candidate, and must finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product, or for biologics, the safety, purity and potency. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 Submission, Review and Approval of a BLA or NDA 
 Assuming successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, the results of product development, nonclinical studies and clinical studies are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA or NDA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. The BLA or NDA must include all relevant data available from pertinent preclinical and clinical studies, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, controls, and proposed labeling, among other things. The submission of a BLA or NDA requires payment of a substantial application user fee to FDA, unless a waiver or exemption applies. 
 Once a BLA or NDA has been submitted, the FDA s goal is to review standard applications within ten months after it accepts the application for filing, or, if the application qualifies for priority review, six months after the FDA accepts the application for filing. In both standard and priority reviews, the review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA reviews a BLA or NDA to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe, pure and potent and the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packed, or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, purity and potency. The FDA may convene an advisory committee to provide clinical insight on application review questions. Before approving a BLA or an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving a BLA or an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. If the FDA determines that the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing or information. Notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 
 After the FDA evaluates a BLA or an NDA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the investigational product and/or its drug substance will be produced, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. 
 29 

A Complete Response letter will describe all of the deficiencies that the FDA has identified in the BLA or NDA, except that where the FDA determines that the data supporting the application are inadequate to support approval, the FDA may issue the Complete Response letter without first conducting required inspections, testing submitted product lots, and/or reviewing proposed labeling. In issuing the Complete Response letter, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the BLA or NDA in condition for approval, including requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA may delay or refuse approval of a BLA or NDA if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, require additional testing or information and/or require post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor safety or efficacy of a product. 
 If regulatory approval of a product is granted, such approval will be granted for particular indications and may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which such product may be marketed. For example, the FDA may approve the BLA or NDA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, to ensure the benefits of the product outweigh its risks. A REMS is a safety strategy to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a product and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling or the development of adequate controls and specifications. Once approved, the FDA may withdraw the product approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace. The FDA may require one or more Phase 4 post-market studies and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization, and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing studies. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 Any marketing application for a new therapeutic product submitted to the FDA for approval may be eligible for FDA programs intended to expedite the FDA review and approval process, such as priority review, fast track designation, breakthrough therapy and accelerated approval. 
 A product is eligible for priority review if it has the potential to provide safe and effective therapy where no satisfactory alternative therapy exists or to provide a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious disease or condition compared to marketed products. For products containing new molecular entities, priority review designation means the FDA s goal is to take action on the marketing application within six months of the 60-day filing date (compared with ten months under standard review). 
 To be eligible for a fast track designation, the FDA must determine, based on the request of a sponsor, that a product is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrates the potential to address an unmet medical need by providing a therapy where none exists or a therapy that may be potentially superior to existing therapy based on efficacy or safety factors. Fast track designation provides opportunities for frequent interactions with the FDA review team to expedite development and review of the product. The FDA may also review sections of the BLA or NDA for a fast track product on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor and FDA agree on a schedule for the submission of the application sections, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the BLA or NDA. 
 In addition, a sponsor can request designation of a product candidate as a breakthrough therapy. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug or biologic that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug or biologic may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Drugs or biologics designated as breakthrough therapies are also eligible for accelerated approval. The FDA must take certain actions, such as holding timely meetings and providing advice, intended to expedite the development and review of an application for approval of a breakthrough therapy. 
 Additionally, products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions may receive accelerated approval upon a determination that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of accelerated approval, the FDA will generally require the sponsor to perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies to verify and describe the anticipated effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. 
 30 

Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review and approval will not be shortened. Furthermore, priority review, fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. 
 Orphan Drug Designation 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available in the United States a drug or biologic for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. Orphan designation must be requested before submitting a BLA or NDA. After the FDA grants orphan designation, the generic identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. The orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review or approval process. 
 If a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full BLA or NDA, to market the same product for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan exclusivity does not prevent FDA from approving a different drug or biologic for the same disease or condition, or the same drug or biologic for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the BLA or NDA application fee. 
 A designated orphan product may not receive orphan exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 Any products manufactured or distributed by us pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to quality control and quality assurance, record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing user fee requirements, under which FDA assesses an annual program fee for each product identified in an approved BLA or NDA. Biologic manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon us and our third-party manufacturers. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 
 The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including AEs of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of a product, mandated modification of promotional materials or issuance of corrective information, issuance by FDA or other regulatory authorities of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases or other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product, or complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines, warning or untitled letters or holds on post-approval clinical studies; 

31 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of existing product approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal of the FDA to permit the import or export of products; or 

injunctions, consent decrees or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of biologics. A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy, purity and potency that are approved by the FDA and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. However, companies may share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with the product s FDA approved labeling. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. 
 Regulation of Diagnostic Tests 
 The co-development and validation of a diagnostic marker related to the CD6-ALCAM pathway and other urinary biomarkers for a companion diagnostic to identify LN patients most likely to respond to itolizumab (EQ001) will subject us and any diagnostic collaborator to device regulations of the FDA. Unless an exemption applies, diagnostic tests require marketing clearance or approval from the FDA prior to commercial distribution. The two primary types of FDA marketing authorization applicable to a medical device are premarket notification, also called 510(k) clearance, and premarket approval, or PMA approval. We expect that any companion diagnostic developed for itolizumab (EQ001) will utilize the PMA pathway. 
 PMA applications must be supported by valid scientific evidence, which typically requires extensive data, including technical, preclinical, clinical and manufacturing data, to demonstrate to the FDA s satisfaction the safety and effectiveness of the device. For diagnostic tests, a PMA application typically includes data regarding analytical and clinical validation studies. As part of its review of the PMA, the FDA will conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities to ensure compliance with the Quality System Regulation, which requires manufacturers to follow design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures. On August 6, 2014, the FDA issued a final guidance document addressing the development and approval process for In Vitro Companion Diagnostic Devices. According to the guidance, a companion diagnostic device and its corresponding drug should be approved or cleared contemporaneously by the FDA for the use indicated in the therapeutic product labeling. 
 Biosimilars and Reference Product Exclusivity 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or collectively, the Affordable Care Act, signed into law in 2010, includes the BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-approved reference biological product. To date, a number of biosimilars have been licensed under the BPCIA, and numerous biosimilars have been approved in Europe. The FDA has issued several guidance documents outlining its approach to the review and approval of biosimilars. 
 Biosimilarity, which requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and clinical studies. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products that are administered multiple times to an individual, the biologic and the reference biologic may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. Complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structures of biological products, as well as the processes by which such products are manufactured, pose significant hurdles to implementation of the abbreviated approval pathway that are still being worked out by the FDA. 
 Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing that applicant s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical studies to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of its product. The BPCIA also created certain 
 32 

exclusivity periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. At this juncture, it is unclear whether products deemed interchangeable by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which are governed by state pharmacy law. 
 The BPCIA is complex and continues to be interpreted and implemented by the FDA. In addition, recent government proposals have sought to reduce the 12-year reference product exclusivity period. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the subject of recent litigation. As a result, the ultimate impact, implementation, and impact of the BPCIA is subject to significant uncertainty. 
 Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 
 In the United States, our current and future operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including but not limited to, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS (such as the Office of Inspector General, Office for Civil Rights and the Health Resources and Service Administration), the U.S. Department of Justice, or DOJ, and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the DOJ, and state and local governments. For example, our clinical research, sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs may have to comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions of the Social Security Act, the false claims laws, the privacy and security provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, and similar state laws, each as amended, as applicable. 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity, from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between therapeutic product manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution. The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for protection under a statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor. 
 Additionally, the intent standard under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Affordable Care Act, to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the Affordable Care Act codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act, or FCA (discussed below). 
 The federal false claims, including the FCA, and civil monetary penalty laws, which can be enforced by private citizens, on behalf of the government, through civil qui tam actions, prohibit any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government, including federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government, or knowingly making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. A claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. For instance, historically, pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Other companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of the product for unapproved, off-label, and thus generally non-reimbursable, uses. 
 HIPAA created additional federal civil and criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Like the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the Affordable Care Act amended the intent standard for certain 
 33 

healthcare fraud statutes under HIPAA such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 
 Also, many states have similar, and typically more prohibitive, fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. 
 We may be subject to data privacy and security regulations by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their implementing regulations, impose requirements on covered entities, business associates and their covered subcontractors relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, independent contractors, or agents of covered entities, which include certain healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses, that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce HIPAA and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, many state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways, are often not pre-empted by HIPAA, and may have a more prohibitive effect than HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 We may develop products that, once approved, may be administered by a physician. Under currently applicable U.S. law, certain products not usually self-administered (including injectable drugs) may be eligible for coverage under Medicare through Medicare Part B. Medicare Part B is part of original Medicare, the federal health care program that provides health care benefits to the aged and disabled, and covers outpatient services and supplies, including certain biopharmaceutical products, that are medically necessary to treat a beneficiary s health condition. As a condition of receiving Medicare Part B reimbursement for a manufacturer s eligible drugs, the manufacturer is required to participate in other government healthcare programs, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and the 340B Drug Pricing Program. The Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national rebate agreement with the Secretary of HHS as a condition for states to receive federal matching funds for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs furnished to Medicaid patients. Under the 340B Drug Pricing Program, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities that participate in the program. 
 In addition, many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as average sales price, or ASP, and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. Further, these prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. 
 Additionally, the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, or the Sunshine Act, within the Affordable Care Act, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biological and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) report annually to CMS information related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians, as defined by such law, other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, the physicians and teaching hospitals and to report annually certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Failure to report accurately could result in penalties. In addition, many states also govern the reporting of payments or other transfers of value, many of which differ from each other in significant ways, are often not pre-empted, and may have a more prohibitive effect than the Sunshine Act, thus further complicating compliance efforts. 
 In order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of drug and biological products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical studies and other activities, and/or register their sales and medical representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit 
 34 

certain other sales and marketing practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 
 Ensuring business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations is a costly endeavor. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state healthcare laws described above or any other current or future governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including without limitation, civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, injunctions, private qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government, or refusal to allow us to enter into government contracts, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval. In the United States and in foreign markets, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors provide coverage and establish adequate reimbursement levels for such products. In the United States, third-party payors include federal and state healthcare programs, private managed care providers, health insurers and other organizations. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare Medicaid in the United States, and commercial payors are critical to new product acceptance. 
 Our ability to commercialize any products successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and other third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which therapeutics they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a therapeutic is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 

safe, effective and medically necessary; 

appropriate for the specific patient; 

cost-effective; and 

neither experimental nor investigational. 

We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and, if coverage and reimbursement are available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Coverage may also be more limited than the purposes for which the product is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product for which we obtain regulatory approval. 
 Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity, and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products, therapies and services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. Obtaining reimbursement for our products may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with branded drugs and drugs administered under the supervision of a physician. We may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain FDA approvals. Our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. Obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our product on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. A third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one third-party payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate that we successfully develop. Additionally, we or our collaborators may develop companion diagnostic tests for use with our 
 35 

product candidates. Companion diagnostic tests require coverage and reimbursement separate and apart from the coverage and reimbursement for their companion pharmaceutical or biological products. Similar challenges to obtaining coverage and reimbursement, applicable to pharmaceutical products, will apply to companion diagnostics. 
 Different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. In the European Union, governments influence the price of biopharmaceutical products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical studies that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on health care costs has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country. 
 The marketability of any product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if government and third-party payors fail to provide coverage and adequate reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, and additional legislative changes in the United States has increased, and we expect will continue to increase, the pressure on healthcare pricing. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, which was passed into law in August 2022, included drug pricing reforms that have the potential to adversely impact our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and could lessen the real or perceived value of our product candidates, which would negatively impact our business. The downward pressure on the rise in healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription medicines, medical devices and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become very intense. Coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 Healthcare Reform 
 In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect the ability to profitably sell product candidates for which marketing approval is obtained. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 
 For example, the Affordable Care Act has substantially changed healthcare financing and delivery by both governmental and private insurers. Among the Affordable Care Act provisions of importance to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, in addition to those otherwise described above, are the following: 
 an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents apportioned among these entities according to their market share in some government healthcare programs; 

an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to 23.1 and 13 of the average manufacturer price for most branded and generic drugs, respectively, and capped the total rebate amount for innovator drugs at 100 of the Average Manufacturer Price, or AMP; 

a Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must now agree to offer 70 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturers outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

extension of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 

expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the 340B Drug Discount Program; 

36 

a Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; 

expansion of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the FCA and the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, new government investigative powers, and enhanced penalties for noncompliance; 

a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted, or injected; 

requirements to report certain financial arrangements with physicians and teaching hospitals; 

a requirement to annually report certain information regarding drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to physicians; 

establishment of a Center for Medicare Medicaid Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare Medicaid spending; and 

a licensure framework for follow on biologic products. 

There have been legal and political challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. Since January 2017, the Trump administration signed several executive orders and other directives designed to delay, circumvent, or loosen certain requirements mandated by the Affordable Care Act. On June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the Affordable Care Act marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the Affordable Care Act. In addition, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the IRA into law which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in Affordable Care Act marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the Affordable Care Act will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the Affordable Care Act and our business. 
 We anticipate that the Affordable Care Act, will continue to result in additional downward pressure on coverage and the price that we receive for any approved product, and could seriously harm our business. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. Such reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenue from product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval and may affect our overall financial condition and ability to develop product candidates. 
 Further legislation or regulation could be passed that could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. For example, in August 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011, which, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend to Congress proposals in spending reductions. The Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for fiscal years 2012 through 2021, triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect beginning on April 1, 2013 and will stay in effect through 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. In January 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 37 

Additionally, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed federal legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. At the federal level, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (1) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to submit a report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. It is unclear whether this executive order or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future. Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control biopharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, or authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with accounting provisions requiring us to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 
 Additional Regulation 
 In addition to the foregoing, state and federal laws regarding environmental protection and hazardous substances, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservancy and Recovery Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, affect our business. These and other laws govern our use, handling and disposal of various biological, chemical and radioactive substances used in, and wastes generated by, our operations. If our operations result in contamination of the environment or expose individuals to hazardous substances, we could be liable for damages and governmental fines. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws and that continued compliance therewith will not have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict, however, how changes in these laws may affect our future operations. 
 Government Regulations Related to Economic Sanctions 
 Pursuant to various laws, regulations, and executive orders, the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions that prohibit or restrict certain activities with embargoed countries, sanctioned entities, and sanctioned individuals for particular foreign policy and national security reasons. The scope of the sanctions varies significantly, but may include comprehensive restrictions on imports, exports, investment, and facilitation of foreign transactions involving a sanctioned jurisdiction, entity or person, as well as non-sanctioned persons and entities acting on behalf of sanctioned jurisdictions, entities or people. 
 One such set of regulations is the Cuban Assets Control Regulations, or CACR. The CACR prohibits U.S. persons from engaging in virtually all transactions involving property of the government of Cuba or Cuban nationals, or property in which the government of Cuba or any Cuban national has at any time on or since July 8, 1963 had any interest of any nature whatsoever, direct or indirect. Where activity is prohibited by the CACR, engagement in such activity must be authorized by a general or specific license granted by OFAC. The antibody sequence for both itolizumab (EQ001) and ALZUMAb was developed exclusively by Cuban nationals. We currently rely on a general license in the CACR, relating to Cuban-origin pharmaceuticals, to import and conduct clinical studies relating to itolizumab (EQ001). 
 In November 2019, OFAC notified us that after careful consideration, which included consultation with the FDA, OFAC determined that itolizumab falls within the definition of Cuban-origin pharmaceutical and, as such, the general licenses at section 515.547(b) and (c) of the CACR authorize the conduct of clinical studies for itolizumab for the purpose of seeking 
 38 

approval for the drug from the FDA. Thus, no further authorization is required from OFAC at this time for our ongoing and planned clinical studies of itolizumab. 
 Other Regulations 
 We are also subject to numerous federal, state and local laws relating to such matters as safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection, fire hazard control, and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances. We may incur significant costs to comply with such laws and regulations now or in the future. 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 36 employees, all of whom were full-time and engaged in research and development activities, operations, finance, business development or administration. We also engage temporary employees and consultants as needed. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were originally incorporated as Attenuate Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. in Delaware in March 2017 and subsequently changed our name to Equillium, Inc. in May 2017. Our principal executive offices are located at 2223 Avenida de la Playa, Suite 105, La Jolla, CA 92037. We have five wholly-owned subsidiaries, Bioniz Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Equillium Australia Pty LTD, an Australian proprietary limited corporation, Equillium Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Triumph Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Triumph Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Our telephone number is (858) 412-5302. Our website address is www.equilliumbio.com . Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and are not considered part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Reports on Form 10 K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q, Current Reports on Form 8 K and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 All brand names or trademarks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective holders. Use or display by us of other parties trademarks, trade dress, or products in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not intended to, and does not, imply a relationship with, or endorsements or sponsorship of, us by the trademark or trade dress owners. 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering (i.e. December 31, 2023), (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 39 

Item 1A. Ri sk Factors. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this report, before deciding whether to purchase, hold or sell shares of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this report and those we may make from time to time. You should consider all of the factors described as well as the other information in our financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations when evaluating our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock would likely decline and you may lose all or part of your investments. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception, expect to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 
 
 We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company incorporated in March 2017 and our operations, to date, have consisted of organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, in-licensing rights to itolizumab (EQ001), conducting non-clinical research, filing three INDs, conducting clinical development of itolizumab (EQ001), conducting business development activities such as the acquisition of Bioniz in February 2022 and the Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono in December 2022, initiating clinical studies of EQ101 and EQ102, and the general and administrative activities associated with being a public company. We have never completed the development of any product candidate through to marketing approval, and we have never generated any revenue from sales of an approved product. Consequently, we have no meaningful operations upon which to evaluate our business, and predictions about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a history of successfully developing and commercializing biopharmaceutical products. 
 
 Investment in biopharmaceutical product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that a product candidate will fail to gain regulatory approval or become commercially viable. We have never generated any revenues from sales of an approved product, and we cannot estimate with precision the extent of our future losses. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our net losses were 62.4 million and 39.1 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 172.4 million. We expect to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future as we execute our plan to advance our research and development activities into later stages of clinical development, ramp up clinical development of EQ101 and EQ102, perform discovery research and conduct formulation and device development of our product candidates, potentially expand the indications for which we conduct clinical development of our product candidates, potentially acquire or develop new products and/or product candidates, seek regulatory approvals of and potentially commercialize any approved products, hire additional personnel and protect our intellectual property. Furthermore, in connection with the acquisition of Bioniz, we expanded our pipeline from one product candidate to three product candidates, all at various stages of development. This expansion of our pipeline may accelerate the rate at which our operating losses increase as we incur costs to further the development and seek regulatory approval for these product candidates. In addition, if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur increased sales and marketing expenses, with certain of such investments potentially being made in advance of an approval. As a result, we expect to continue to incur significant operating losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. These losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our financial position and working capital. 
 40 

To become and remain profitable, we must develop or acquire and eventually commercialize a product with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical studies and clinical studies of our product candidates, obtaining marketing approvals for our product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling our product candidates if we obtain marketing approval, and satisfying post-marketing requirements, if any. We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we succeed in obtaining approval for and commercializing our product candidates, we may never generate revenues that are significant enough to achieve profitability. In addition, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown challenges. Furthermore, because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with biopharmaceutical product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis and we may continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenditures to develop and market additional product candidates. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of the company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 We will require substantial additional funding to continue and complete the development and any commercialization of EQ101 and EQ102, and if Ono does not exercise its option, itolizumab (EQ001), and any future product candidates. If we are unable to raise this capital when needed, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or other operations. 
 
 We expect our expenses to increase substantially during the next few years. The development of biotechnology product candidates is capital intensive. As we conduct non-clinical research and clinical development of our product candidates, we will need substantial additional funds to maintain and expand our capabilities in a variety of areas including discovery and non-clinical research, clinical development, regulatory affairs, product development, product quality assurance, and pharmacovigilance. In addition, if we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses for marketing, sales, manufacturing and distribution. Some of those commercialization investments may be made at-risk in advance of receiving an approval. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 71.0 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. We expect that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 31, 2022, will enable us to fund our operations into 2025. However, changing circumstances or inaccurate estimates by us may cause us to use capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to spend more money than currently expected because of circumstances beyond our control. For example, our ongoing and future clinical studies of our product candidates may encounter technical, enrollment or other issues that could cause our development costs to increase more than we expect. We do not have sufficient funds to complete the clinical development of EQ101 or EQ102, and if Ono does not exercise its option, itolizumab (EQ001), through regulatory approval for our current indications. We will need to raise substantial additional capital to complete the development and commercialization of each of those product candidates, which additional capital may be raised through the sale of our common stock or other securities or through the entering into of alternative strategic transactions, the terms of which may require us to divest one or more of our product candidates, such as our Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono, or cause our stockholders to incur substantial dilution. 
 Future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of our ongoing and future clinical studies of our product candidates, including as such activities may be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health epidemics or outbreaks; 

the number and scope of indications we decide to pursue for our product development; 

non-clinical research and toxicology studies necessary to support the successful clinical development and potential approvals of our product candidates; 

formulation and device development work related to our product candidates; 

the cost, timing and outcome of regulatory review of any BLA or NDA we may submit for our product candidates; 

the costs and timing of manufacturing our product candidates and products; 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims; 

41 

our efforts to enhance operational systems and our ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel, including personnel to support the development of our product candidates; 

the costs associated with being a public company; 

our ability to enter into partnerships or otherwise monetize our pipeline through strategic transactions on a timely basis, on terms that are favorable to us, or at all; 

the terms and timing of establishing and maintaining collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements, including our Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono; 

the extent to which we acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies; 

the legal and other transactional costs associated with our business development activities; and 

the cost associated with commercializing our product candidates if any are approved for commercial sale. 

In March 2020, we entered into a purchase agreement, or the Purchase Agreement, with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC or Lincoln Park, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, we may sell to Lincoln Park up to 15.0 million of shares of our common stock from time to time over the 36 month term of the Purchase Agreement. Upon execution of the Purchase Agreement, we issued 65,374 shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park as commitment shares in accordance with the closing conditions contained within the Purchase Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not sold any shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement will expire on May 1, 2023. 
 
 Our commercial revenues, if any, are expected to be primarily derived from sales of products, which is unlikely to happen within the next 12 months, if ever. Under the Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono, we received a one-time, upfront payment of JPY 3.5 billion, or approximately 26.4 million, and are (i) entitled to receive a one-time, payment of JPY 5.0 billion, or approximately 37.2 million (based on the currency exchange rate quoted by MUFG Bank, Ltd. on March 16, 2023) if Ono exercises its exclusive option to acquire our rights to itolizumab and (ii) eligible to receive up to 101.4 million upon the achievement of certain milestones. However, there is no assurance that Ono will exercise its option or that we will ever receive any milestone payments. Additionally, due to the risks associated with foreign exchange rates, if Ono exercises the Option, the one-time upfront payment of JPY 5.0 billion may result in a USD value that is significantly less than expected. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health epidemics or outbreaks, bank failures, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and monetary policy changes of federal agencies that have increased interest rates to address increasing inflationary pressures on the economy. If such disruptions persist and deepen, we could experience an inability to access additional capital. Subject to limited exceptions, we are prohibited from incurring indebtedness without the prior written consent of the lenders pursuant to the loan agreement we entered into with Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, in September 2019, as amended in December 2020, April 2021 and February 2022, or the Loan Agreement. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or other operations, or enter into partnerships or otherwise monetize our pipeline through strategic transactions on terms that may not be as favorable to us as if we developed or commercialized the product candidates ourselves. In addition, we may not be able to access a portion of our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments due to market conditions. For example, on March 10, 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, took control and was appointed receiver of SVB. At the time the FDIC took control, we held assets valued at approximately 8.2 million in a sweep account with SVB. We received full access to those funds on March 13, 2023. As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have full access to and control over all of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. In addition, because a substantial majority of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments is held at financial institution unaffiliated with SVB, we do not expect any material impact to our operations directly related to the closure of SVB. If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 42 

The terms of our Loan Agreement place restrictions on our operating and financial flexibility. 
 In September 2019, we entered into the Loan Agreement providing for up to 20.0 million in term loans, which is secured by a first priority perfected security interest in substantially all of our current and future assets, other than our intellectual property (except rights to payment from the sale, licensing or disposition of such intellectual property). We borrowed 10.0 million upon execution of the Loan Agreement. The availability of any further credit from this Loan Agreement beyond that initial 10.0 million advancement has lapsed. 
 
 The Loan Agreement includes affirmative and restrictive covenants, including covenants regarding delivery of financial statements, maintenance of inventory, payment of taxes, maintenance of insurance, protection of intellectual property rights, dispositions of property, business combinations or acquisitions, incurrence of additional indebtedness or liens, investments and transactions with affiliates, among other customary covenants. We are also restricted from paying dividends or making other distributions or payments on our capital stock, subject to limited exceptions. 
 
 The Loan Agreement also includes events of default, the occurrence and continuation of which provide Oxford Finance LLC, as collateral agent, with the right to exercise remedies against us and the collateral securing the loans under the Loan Agreement, including foreclosure against our properties securing the Loan Agreement, including our cash, potentially requiring us to renegotiate our agreement on terms less favorable to us or to immediately cease operations. These events of default include, among other things, our failure to satisfy our payment obligations under the Loan Agreement, the breach of certain of our other covenants under the Loan Agreement, or the occurrence of a material adverse change, cross defaults to other indebtedness or material agreements, judgment defaults and defaults related to failure to maintain governmental approvals failure of which to maintain could result in a material adverse effect. Further, if we are liquidated, the lenders right to repayment would be senior to the rights of the holders of our common stock to receive any proceeds from the liquidation. The lenders could declare a default upon the occurrence of any event that they interpret as a material adverse change as defined under the Loan Agreement, thereby requiring us to repay the loan immediately or to attempt to reverse the declaration of default through negotiation or litigation. Any declaration by the lenders of an event of default could significantly harm our business and prospects and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 Additionally, while we have not been materially and adversely affected as an immediate result of the FDIC taking control and being appointed receiver of SVB on March 10, 2023, we may in the future be adversely impacted, including having to repay all outstanding amounts owed under the Loan Agreement or in receiving timely consent to incur additional indebtedness. 
 Risks Related to our Business and to the Development and Regulatory Approval of our Product Candidates 
 We are highly dependent on the successful development of our current product candidates, EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001), and we may not be able to obtain regulatory or marketing approval for, or successfully commercialize, these product candidates in any of the indications for which we plan to develop them. 
 Our future success will depend almost entirely on our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and then successfully commercialize EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001), in any of the indications for which we are currently planning to develop them, including treatment of AA with EQ101, treatment of celiac disease with EQ102, or treatment of aGVHD and LN with itolizumab (EQ001), which may never occur. We currently generate no revenues from sales of any biopharmaceutical products, and we may never be able to develop or commercialize a marketable biopharmaceutical product. 
 
 Before we can market and sell any of our product candidates in the United States, we will need to manage research and development activities, commence and complete clinical studies, obtain necessary regulatory approvals from the FDA and build a commercial organization or enter into a marketing collaboration with a third party, among other things. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully complete the necessary clinical studies and/or obtain regulatory approval and develop sufficient commercial capabilities for any of our product candidates. We have not submitted a BLA or an NDA to the FDA or filed for approval with any other regulatory authority outside the United States for any product candidate. Further, our product candidates may not receive regulatory approval even if they are successful in clinical studies. If we do not receive regulatory approvals, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. Even if we obtain regulatory approval, we may never generate significant revenues from any commercial sales of any of our products. If any of our product candidates are approved and we fail to successfully commercialize them, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenues to sustain and grow our business, and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 43 

We have and may in the future enter into partnerships or similar arrangements or otherwise monetize our pipeline through strategic transactions, which may harm our ability to realize a return, if any, on our investments and may increase our need for external funding. 
 We may enter into partnerships or similar arrangements or otherwise monetize our pipeline through strategic transactions for purposes of raising additional capital and allocating our available capital and other resources to developing and commercializing our other or future product candidates. For example, in December 2022 we entered into the Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono pursuant to which we granted Ono the exclusive option to acquire our rights to itolizumab (EQ001). Despite our efforts, we may be unable to enter into future partnerships or otherwise monetize our pipeline through strategic transactions with third parties on favorable terms or at all. Supporting diligence activities conducted by third parties and negotiating the financial and other terms of a strategic arrangement are long, costly and complex processes with uncertain results, and we may fail to derive any financial benefit from these activities. Any efforts toward finding a strategic partner for one or more of our product candidates may divert the time and attention of our management away from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our focus on the discovery and development of our current product candidates that we intend to continue to develop and commercialize. Further, potential strategic partners may develop alternative products or pursue alternative technologies either on their own or in collaboration with others, potentially resulting in us receiving no future milestone or royalty payments under any such arrangement. We may enter into a strategic transaction for one or more of our product candidates that prove to be more successful than the product candidates we decide to continue to develop and commercialize. As a result, our financial position and the return we realize on our research and development activities could be negatively affected, and we could be required to seek additional funding to support our operations through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, which could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may wish to acquire rights to future assets through in-licensing or may attempt to form collaborations with respect to our current or future product candidates, but may not be able to do so, which may cause us to alter or delay our development and commercialization plans. 
 
 The development and potential commercialization of our product candidates will require substantial additional capital to fund expenses. We may, in the future, decide to collaborate with biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies for the development and potential commercialization of product candidates, such as our Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono. We will face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish other strategic partnerships or alternative arrangements for any product candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and potential parties may not view such product candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy. If and when we collaborate on the development and commercialization of product candidates other than itolizumab (EQ001), we can expect to relinquish some or all of the control over the future success of that product candidate to the partner. Our ability to reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the following: 
 the design or results of clinical studies; 

the likelihood of approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

the potential market for the product candidate; 

the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering such product candidate to patients; 

the potential of competing products; 

the existence of uncertainty with respect to our ownership of technology or other rights, which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without regard to the merits of the challenge; and 

industry and market conditions generally. 

The collaborator may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate. We may also be restricted under any license agreements from entering into agreements on certain terms or at all with potential collaborators. Collaborations are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and document. In addition, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators and changes to the strategies of the combined company. As a result, we 
 44 

may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of such product candidate, reduce or delay one or more of our other development programs, delay the potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any planned sales or marketing activities for such product candidate, or increase our expenditures and undertake development, manufacturing or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development, manufacturing or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop our future product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. Even if we are successful in our efforts to establish such collaborations, the terms that we agree upon may not be favorable to us, and we may not be able to maintain such collaborations if, for example, development approval of a product candidate is delayed, the safety of a product candidate is questioned or sales of an approved product candidate are unsatisfactory. 
 
 We have limited experience in clinical development and have not successfully completed late-stage clinical studies or obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate. 
 
 We initiated our first clinical study in the first quarter of 2019, which was a Phase 1 clinical study of itolizumab (EQ001) for the treatment of aGVHD. Since then, we have initiated three additional clinical studies of itolizumab (EQ001), two of which were Phase 1 clinical studies in uncontrolled asthma and lupus/LN and one was a Phase 3 clinical study in aGVHD. The Phase 1 study in uncontrolled asthma has been completed, but the Phase 1 study in lupus/LN and the Phase 3 study in aGVHD are currently ongoing. In September 2022, we initiated a Phase 1 first-in-human clinical study of EQ102 in healthy volunteers in Australia, and in November 2022 we initiated a Phase 2 clinical study of EQ101 in subjects with AA in Australia. We have three active INDs with the FDA for the use of itolizumab (EQ001) in the treatment of aGVHD, LN, and COVID-19 patients, and we have not filed an IND with the FDA for the use of itolizumab (EQ001) for the treatment of uncontrolled moderate to severe asthma. Through the acquisition of Bioniz, we have INDs with the FDA for the use of EQ101 in the treatment of HTLV-I-associated myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis, CTCL, and AA. Because of our limited interaction with the FDA, we may not learn of certain information or data that the FDA may request until future interactions. In part because of our limited infrastructure, experience conducting clinical studies as a company and regulatory interactions, we also cannot be certain that our ongoing and future clinical studies will be completed on time, if at all, that our planned clinical studies will be initiated on time, if at all, or that our planned development programs would be acceptable to the FDA. 
 
 Adverse safety and toxicology findings may emerge as we conduct non-clinical research or clinical studies. In addition, success in early clinical studies does not mean that later clinical studies will be successful, because later-stage clinical studies may be conducted in broader patient populations and involve different study designs. For example, although itolizumab (EQ001) and ALZUMAb share the same primary monoclonal antibody sequence, they are manufactured in different cell lines and thus could be considered different biopharmaceutical products. Therefore, results seen in clinical studies of ALZUMAb conducted by Biocon may not be predictive of the results of our clinical studies of itolizumab (EQ001). Furthermore, our future clinical studies will need to demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy in larger patient populations for approval by the FDA. Companies frequently suffer significant setbacks in advanced clinical studies, even after earlier clinical studies have shown promising results, and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical studies have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their products. In addition, only a small percentage of product candidates under development result in the submission of a BLA or NDA to the FDA and even fewer are approved for commercialization. 
 
 Our ability to generate product revenues, which we do not expect will occur for at least the next several years, if ever, will depend heavily on our ability to successfully complete the above activities and any other activities required for the successful development and eventual commercialization of our product candidates. The success of our product candidates will further depend on factors such as: 
 completion of our ongoing and future clinical studies and preclinical studies with favorable results, including activities that may be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health epidemics or outbreaks; 

acceptance of INDs by the FDA for our future clinical studies, as applicable; 

timely and successful enrollment in, and completion of, clinical studies with favorable results; 

demonstrating safety, efficacy and acceptable risk-benefit profile of our product candidates to the satisfaction of the FDA; 

45 

receipt of marketing approvals from the FDA; 

maintaining arrangements with our contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, for clinical and, if and when approved, commercial supply of EQ101 and EQ102 and with Biocon, our manufacturer of itolizumab (EQ001), for cell lines and drug product clinical supply and, if and when approved, for commercial supply of itolizumab (EQ001); 

establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities and launching commercial sale of our product candidates, if and when approved in one or more indications; 

acceptance of our product candidates, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 

effectively competing with other therapies; 

obtaining and maintaining patent, trade secret and other intellectual property protection and regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates; and 

maintaining a continued acceptable safety profile of our products, following approval. 

If we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully obtain marketing approval and commercialize our product candidates, which would materially harm our business. 
 
 Itolizumab (EQ001) is a monoclonal antibody that selectively targets CD6, a target for which there are no FDA-approved therapies. This makes it difficult to predict the timing and costs of clinical development for itolizumab (EQ001). We do not know whether our approach in targeting CD6 will allow us to develop any products of commercial value. 
 
 Targeting CD6 is a therapeutic approach that represents a significant component of our current research and development, and the successful development of this therapeutic approach to the diseases we are targeting for treatment plays a major factor in our future success. To date, there are no FDA-approved drugs that target CD6, and while there are a number of independent studies clinically validating CD6 as a target, other than our partner Biocon, CD6 has not traditionally been a pathway targeted by other biopharmaceutical companies. The regulatory approval process for novel product candidates such as itolizumab (EQ001) can be more expensive and take longer than for other, better known or extensively studied therapeutic approaches. Delay or failure to obtain, or unexpected costs in obtaining, the regulatory approval necessary to bring itolizumab (EQ001) to market could decrease our ability to generate sufficient revenue to maintain our business. 
 
 Additionally, companion diagnostic tests may be developed for use with itolizumab (EQ001). We, or our collaborators, will be required to obtain FDA clearance or approval for these tests, as well as coverage and reimbursement separate and apart from the approval and coverage and reimbursement we seek for our itolizumab (EQ001). Our inability to collaborate with a companion diagnostics developer could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We have licensed the rights to itolizumab in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. Any adverse developments that occur during any research, clinical, or commercial use of itolizumab by Biocon or third parties in other jurisdictions may affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval of or successfully commercialize itolizumab (EQ001) or otherwise adversely impact our business. 
 
 Biocon, its Cuban partner, CIMAB, S.A., and their licensees, over which we have no control, have the rights to develop itolizumab worldwide and commercialize itolizumab in geographies outside of the Equillium Territory (as defined below). Itolizumab is approved in India for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, and is marketed by Biocon as ALZUMAb. Biocon was also granted restricted emergency use approval of itolizumab by the Drugs Controller General of India, or DCGI, for the treatment of cytokine release syndrome, or CRS, in COVID-19 patients with moderate to severe ARDS in India. In September 2020, the DCGI granted approval of itolizumab produced in a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell line, marketed in India under the brand name ALZUMAb-L, or ALZUMAb Lyophilized, for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis, as well as restricted emergency use authorization for the treatment of CRS in COVID-19 patients with moderate to severe ARDS. We are also aware that ALZUMAb and ALZUMAb-L have been and may continue to be used in India on a compassionate use basis, off label, and/or in investigator-initiated studies. 
 
 We are unaware of any currently active and ongoing clinical studies of itolizumab in Cuba. Centro de Immunologia Molecular was granted emergency use authorization of itolizumab for patients with severe COVID-19 in Cuba. 
 46 

The results of clinical studies with itolizumab conducted by Biocon or third parties as well as the ongoing adverse event reporting related to the clinical or commercial use of itolizumab supported by Biocon or third parties could impact our development plans and the potential commercial prospects for itolizumab (EQ001). Further, we do not control and are unable to validate study results reported by Biocon or third parties. Any errors or omissions in the data and public disclosures reported by Biocon or third parties could have a material adverse effect on our stock price and business plans. 
 
 If serious adverse events occur with patients using itolizumab as an approved therapy or during any clinical studies, exploratory studies, or other clinical uses of itolizumab conducted or supported by Biocon or third parties, regulatory authorities, including the FDA, may delay, limit or deny approval of itolizumab (EQ001), suspend our clinical development of itolizumab (EQ001), or require us to conduct additional clinical studies as a condition of marketing approval, which would increase our costs and adversely impact our business. If we receive regulatory approval for itolizumab (EQ001) and a new and serious safety issue is identified in connection with the commercial use of ALZUMAb or ALZUMAb-L or in clinical studies, exploratory studies, or other clinical uses of itolizumab conducted or supported by Biocon or third parties, regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product or otherwise restrict our ability to market and sell itolizumab. In addition, treating physicians may be less willing to administer our product due to concerns over such adverse events, which would limit our ability to commercialize itolizumab (EQ001) and could potentially adversely impact our ability to conduct clinical development of itolizumab (EQ001). 
 
 If we fail to develop or acquire other product candidates or products, our business and prospects would be limited. 
 
 One element of our strategy is to expand our pipeline by acquiring a portfolio of other product candidates through business or product candidate acquisitions such as our acquisition of Bioniz. The success of this strategy depends in large part upon the combination of our regulatory, development and commercial capabilities and expertise and our ability to identify, select and acquire product candidates for therapeutic indications that complement or augment our current pipeline, or that otherwise fit into our development or strategic plans on terms that are acceptable to us. Identifying, selecting and acquiring promising product candidates requires substantial technical, financial and human resources expertise. Efforts to do so may not result in the actual acquisition or license of a particular product candidate, potentially resulting in a diversion of our management s time and the expenditure of our resources with no resulting benefit. If we are unable to identify, select and acquire suitable product candidates from third parties or acquire businesses at valuations and on other terms acceptable to us, or if we are unable to raise capital required to acquire businesses or new product candidates, our business and prospects will be limited and may require us to divest one or more of our product candidates to enable us to acquire businesses or new product candidates or progress the development of our other product candidates. 
 
 Moreover, any product candidate we acquire may require additional, time-consuming development or regulatory efforts prior to commercial sale or prior to expansion into other indications, including pre-clinical studies if applicable, and extensive clinical testing and approval by the FDA and applicable foreign regulatory authorities. All product candidates are prone to the risk of failure that is inherent in pharmaceutical drug development, including the possibility that the product candidate will not be shown to be sufficiently safe and/or effective for approval by regulatory authorities. In addition, we cannot assure that any such products that are approved will be manufactured or produced economically, successfully commercialized or widely accepted in the marketplace or be more effective or desired than other commercially available alternatives. 
 
 In addition, if we fail to successfully commercialize and further develop our product candidates, there is a greater likelihood that we will fail to successfully develop a pipeline of other product candidates to follow our existing product candidates or be able to acquire other product candidates to expand our existing portfolio, and our business and prospects would be harmed. 
 
 Potential natural disasters, some possibly related to the increasing effects of climate change, could damage or destroy clinical study sites, our office spaces, laboratories, and/or warehouses, which could have a significant negative impact on our operations. 
 
 We are vulnerable to the increasing impact of climate change and other natural disasters. Volatile changes in weather conditions, including extreme heat or cold, could increase the risk of wildfires, floods, blizzards, hurricanes and other weather-related disasters. Such extreme weather events, or other natural disasters such as earthquakes, can cause power outages and network disruptions that may result in disruption to operations and may impact our ability to continue or complete our clinical studies, which will negatively impact our operations and delay our plans to commercialize our product candidates. They could also cause significant damage to or destruction of our clinical study sites resulting in temporary or long-term closures of these facilities. Such disasters could also result in loss or damage to office buildings, laboratories, employee and/or patient homes, employees and/or patients relocating to other parts of the country or being unwilling to travel to the clinical study site locations, and the inability to recruit key employees and/or enroll patients. This could result in 
 47 

adverse impacts to the available workforce and/or patient samples, damage to or destruction of materials and/or data, or the inability to conduct clinical studies and deliver new data. 
 
 We have licensed itolizumab from Biocon pursuant to an exclusive license agreement, which license is conditioned upon us meeting certain diligence obligations with respect to the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of itolizumab, and making significant milestone payments in connection with regulatory approval and commercial milestones as well as royalty payments. 
 
 We are party to an exclusive license agreement with Biocon, pursuant to which we initially acquired an exclusive license to develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale, import and otherwise exploit itolizumab and any pharmaceutical composition or preparation containing or comprising itolizumab in the United States and Canada and which was later amended to grant us the same exclusive license in Australia and New Zealand as well, or, collectively, the Equillium Territory. We are obligated, under this agreement, to achieve certain development milestones within specified timeframes in order to retain all of the licensed rights. Certain of such milestones are largely outside of our control. We are also obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for, and if regulatory approval is obtained, to commercialize, itolizumab in the Equillium Territory and to secure funding for the development of itolizumab in two or more indications. Further, we are obligated to make certain cash milestone payments to Biocon upon completion of certain regulatory approval and commercial milestones and are required to pay royalties to Biocon on net sales of itolizumab, if approved. Though we believe that the royalty rates and milestone payments are reasonable in light of our business plan, we will require large amounts of capital to satisfy these obligations. We may become obligated to make a milestone payment when we do not have the cash on hand to make such payment, which could require us to delay our clinical studies, curtail our operations, scale back our commercialization and marketing efforts or seek funds to meet these obligations on terms unfavorable to us. In addition, if we are unable to make any payment when due or, if we fail to achieve the development milestones within the timeframes required by the license agreement, or to satisfy our general diligence obligation to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop, register and commercialize itolizumab and to secure funding for the development of itolizumab in two or more indications, Biocon may have the right to limit the scope of our license or terminate the agreement and all of our rights to develop and commercialize itolizumab. 
 
 We are and may become further dependent on Ono for funding the clinical development and commercialization of itolizumab (EQ001). If Ono terminates our Asset Purchase Agreement, does not exercise its option, or does not achieve the milestones specified in the Asset Purchase Agreement, our business and financial condition would be adversely impacted. 
 
 In December 2022, we entered into the Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono pursuant to which we granted Ono the exclusive option to acquire our rights to itolizumab (EQ001), which option expires three months following the delivery of topline data from the EQUALISE clinical study in LN and interim data from the EQUATOR Phase 3 clinical study in aGVHD. During the option period, we will be responsible for conducting all research and development of itolizumab (EQ001), which will be funded by Ono on a quarterly basis commencing July 1, 2022. If Ono fails to provide such funding, our financial condition and ability to conduct continued research and development of itolizumab (EQ001) would be adversely affected. 
 
 In the event that Ono exercises its option to acquire our rights to itolizumab (EQ001), we would no longer control the clinical development and potential commercialization of itolizumab (EQ001). Per the Asset Purchase Agreement and depending on Ono s election, we may conduct and be compensated for certain activities on Ono s behalf, but we would not control any itolizumab (EQ001) activities. Ono would be responsible for filing future applications with the FDA or other regulatory authorities for approval of itolizumab (EQ001) and will be the owner of any marketing approvals issued by the FDA or other regulatory authorities for itolizumab (EQ001). If the FDA or other regulatory authorities approve itolizumab (EQ001), Ono would also be responsible for the launch, marketing and sale of the resulting product. However, we cannot control whether Ono will devote sufficient attention and resources to the clinical development of itolizumab (EQ001) or will proceed in an expeditious manner. Even if the FDA or other regulatory agencies approve itolizumab (EQ001), Ono may elect not to proceed with the commercialization of the resulting product in one or more countries. If the development of itolizumab (EQ001) does not progress for these or any other reasons, we would be prevented from obtaining further revenues, including certain development and commercialization milestones, from itolizumab (EQ001) and from otherwise realizing the benefit of such transaction, which could harm our business. 
 
 48 

The development and commercialization of biopharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation, and we may not obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates in any of the indications for which we plan to develop them, or any future product candidates, on a timely basis or at all. 
 
 The clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion, export, import, marketing, distribution, adverse event reporting, including the submission of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, and other possible activities relating to our current product candidates, as well as any other product candidate that we may develop in the future, are subject to extensive regulation. Marketing approval of a new therapeutic product in the United States requires the submission of an NDA or a BLA to the FDA, and we are not permitted to market any product candidate in the United States until we obtain approval from the FDA for that product. An NDA or BLA must be supported by extensive clinical and preclinical data, as well as extensive information regarding pharmacology, chemistry, manufacturing and controls. Similar submissions are required for approval by the relevant regulatory authority in other territories outside the United States before a therapeutic product can be marketed. 
 
 FDA and other applicable regulatory approval is not guaranteed, and the review and approval process is an expensive and uncertain process that may take several years. Regulatory authorities, like the FDA, also have substantial discretion in the approval process. The number and types of preclinical studies and clinical studies that will be required for approval varies depending on the product candidate, the disease or the condition that the product candidate is designed to treat and the regulations applicable to any particular product candidate. Despite the time and expense associated with preclinical studies and clinical studies, failure can occur at any stage. The results of preclinical and early clinical studies of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of our later-stage clinical studies. 
 
 Clinical study failure may result from a multitude of factors including flaws in study design, dose selection, placebo effect, patient enrollment criteria and failure to demonstrate favorable safety or efficacy traits, and failure in clinical studies can occur at any stage. Companies in the biopharmaceutical industry frequently suffer setbacks in the advancement of clinical studies due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier studies. Based upon negative or inconclusive results, we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical studies or preclinical studies. In addition, data obtained from clinical studies are susceptible to varying interpretations, and regulators may not interpret our data as favorably as we do, which may further delay, limit or prevent marketing approval. 
 
 The FDA and other applicable regulatory authorities could delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons, including because they: 
 may not deem our product candidate to be adequately safe and effective; 

may not agree that the data collected from clinical studies are acceptable or sufficient to support the submission of a BLA, NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval, and may impose requirements for additional preclinical studies or clinical studies; 

may determine that adverse events experienced by participants in our clinical studies represents an unacceptable level of risk; 

may determine that population studied in the clinical study may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure safety in the full population for which we seek approval; 

may not accept clinical data from studies, which are conducted at clinical facilities or in countries where the standard of care is potentially different from that of the United States; 

may disagree regarding the formulation, labeling and/or the specifications; 

may not approve the manufacturing processes or facilities associated with our product candidate; 

may change approval policies or adopt new regulations; or 

may not accept a submission due to, among other reasons, the content or formatting of the submission. 

Generally, public concern regarding the safety of biopharmaceutical products could delay or limit our ability to obtain regulatory approval, result in the inclusion of unfavorable information in our labeling, or require us to undertake other activities that may entail additional costs. We have not obtained approval from the FDA or any other applicable regulatory authority for any product. This lack of experience may impede our ability to obtain FDA or any other applicable regulatory approval in a timely manner, if at all, of our product candidates. 
 
 49 

If we experience delays in obtaining approval or if we fail to obtain approval of any of our product candidates, our commercial prospects will be harmed and our ability to generate revenues will be materially impaired which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Any delays in the commencement or completion, or termination or suspension, of our ongoing, planned or future clinical studies could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to raise capital or generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial prospects. 
 
 Any delays in the commencement or completion, or termination or suspension, of our ongoing, planned or future clinical studies could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial prospects. Before we can initiate clinical studies of our product candidates in any distinct indication in the United States, we must submit the results of preclinical studies to the FDA along with other information, including information about their chemistry, manufacturing and controls and our proposed clinical study protocol, as part of an IND or similar regulatory filing. To date, we have only submitted INDs for clinical studies of itolizumab (EQ001) for the treatment of aGVHD, LN, and COVID-19. In addition, there are open INDs for EQ101 in HTLV-I-associated myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis, CTCL and AA, which were originally filed by Bioniz prior to our acquisition of the EQ101 asset. 
 
 Before obtaining marketing approval from the FDA or from any other applicable regulatory authority outside of the United States for the sale of any of our product candidates in any indication, we must conduct extensive clinical studies to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of those product candidates. Clinical testing is expensive, time consuming and uncertain as to outcome. In addition, we expect to rely in part on preclinical, clinical and quality data generated by our partner, Biocon, as well as contract research organizations, or CROs, and other contracted parties for regulatory submissions for our product candidates. While we have or will have agreements governing these contracted parties services, we have limited influence over their actual performance. If these parties do not make data available to us, or, if applicable, make regulatory submissions in a timely manner, in each case pursuant to our agreements with them, our development programs may be significantly delayed and we may need to conduct additional studies or collect additional data independently. In either case, our development costs would increase. 
 
 The FDA and other applicable regulatory authorities may require us to conduct additional preclinical studies of our existing or any future product candidates before they allow us to initiate clinical studies, which may lead to additional delays and increase the costs of our preclinical development programs. Any such delays in the commencement or completion of our ongoing, planned or future clinical studies could significantly affect our product development costs. We do not know whether our ongoing and future studies will be completed on schedule, if at all, or whether our studies will begin on time, if at all. The commencement and completion of clinical studies can be delayed for a number of reasons, including delays related to: 
 impacts and risks associated with global health epidemics or outbreaks such as those related to COVID-19; 

the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities disagreeing as to the design or implementation of our clinical studies; 

obtaining FDA or other applicable regulatory authorizations to commence a study or reaching a consensus with the applicable FDA regulators on study design; 

any failure or delay in reaching an agreement with CROs and clinical study sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and study sites; 

obtaining approval from one or more IRBs; 

additional nonclinical pharmacology and toxicology studies to support Phase 2 and 3 clinical studies; 

IRBs refusing to approve, suspending or terminating the study at an investigational site, precluding enrollment of additional subjects, or withdrawing their approval of the study; 

changes to clinical study protocol; 

clinical sites deviating from study protocol or dropping out of a study; 

manufacturing sufficient quantities of product candidate or obtaining sufficient quantities of combination therapies for use in clinical studies; 

subjects failing to enroll or remain in our study at the rate we expect, or failing to return for post-treatment follow-up; 

subjects choosing an alternative treatment, or participating in competing clinical studies; 

50 

lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical study; 

subjects experiencing severe or unexpected drug-related adverse effects; 

occurrence of serious adverse events in studies of the same class of agents conducted by other companies; 

selection of clinical end points that require prolonged periods of clinical observation or analysis of the resulting data; 

a facility manufacturing our product candidates or any of their components being ordered by the FDA (or its own regulatory authorities if such facility is located outside the United States) to temporarily or permanently shut down or cease export of such materials due to violations of cGMP regulations or other applicable requirements, changes in export restrictions and controls, or infections or cross-contaminations during the manufacturing process; 

any changes to our manufacturing process that may be necessary or desired; 

third-party clinical investigators losing the licenses or permits necessary to perform our clinical studies, not performing our clinical studies on our anticipated schedule or consistent with the clinical study protocol, GCP, or other regulatory requirements; 

us, or our contractors not performing data collection or analysis in a timely or accurate manner or improperly disclosing data prematurely or otherwise in violation of a clinical study protocol; or 

our contractors becoming debarred or suspended or otherwise penalized by the FDA or other government or regulatory authorities for violations of regulatory requirements, in which case we may need to find a substitute contractor, and we may not be able to use some or all of the data produced by such contractors in support of our marketing applications. 

We could also encounter delays if a clinical study is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs of the institutions in which such studies are being conducted, by a Data Safety Monitoring Board for such study or by the FDA or by other regulatory agencies or health authorities that have jurisdiction in countries in which the study is being conducted. Such authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical study in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical study operations or study site by the FDA or other regulatory agencies resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a pharmaceutical, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical study. In addition, changes in regulatory requirements and policies may occur, and we may need to amend clinical study protocols to comply with these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical study protocols to IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical study. 
 
 Certain of our scientific advisors or consultants who receive compensation from us are likely to be investigators for our future clinical studies. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to report some of these relationships to the FDA or other regulatory agencies. The FDA or other regulatory agencies may conclude that a financial relationship between us and a principal investigator has created a conflict of interest or otherwise affected interpretation of the clinical study. The FDA or other applicable regulatory agency may therefore question the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical study site and the utility of the clinical study itself may be jeopardized. This could result in a delay in approval, or rejection, of our marketing applications by the FDA or other regulatory agencies and may ultimately lead to the denial of marketing approval of our product candidates in one or more indications. If we experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical study of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of such product candidate will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues will be delayed. Moreover, any delays in completing our clinical studies will increase our costs, slow down our development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues from product sales which may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects significantly. 
 
 51 

If we experience delays or difficulties in enrolling patients in our ongoing or planned clinical studies, our receipt of necessary regulatory approval could be delayed or prevented. 
 
 We may not be able to continue our ongoing or initiate our future clinical studies of our product candidates if we are unable to identify and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these studies as required by the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities. Multiple factors could contribute to such challenges of enrolling our clinical studies, including impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health epidemics or outbreaks, which have already adversely impacted enrollment in our clinical studies. In addition, some of our competitors may have ongoing clinical studies for product candidates that would treat the same indications as our product candidates, and patients who would otherwise be eligible for our clinical studies may instead enroll in clinical studies of our competitors product candidates. Patient enrollment is also affected by other factors, including: 
 impacts and risks associated with global health epidemics or outbreaks such as those related to COVID-19; 

severity of the disease under investigation; 

our ability to recruit clinical study investigators of appropriate competencies and experience; 

invasive procedures required to obtain evidence of the product candidate s performance during the clinical study; 

availability and efficacy of approved medications for the disease under investigation; 

eligibility criteria defined in the protocol for the study in question; 

the size of the patient population required for analysis of the study s primary endpoints; 

perceived risks and benefits; 

efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical studies; 

reluctance of physicians to encourage patient participation in clinical studies; 

the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; 

our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; and 

proximity and availability of clinical study sites for prospective patients. 

Our inability to enroll and retain a sufficient number of patients for our clinical studies would result in significant delays or may require us to abandon one or more clinical studies altogether. Enrollment delays in our clinical studies may result in increased development costs, which would cause the value of our company to decline and limit our ability to obtain additional financing. 
 
 The COVID-19 global pandemic, or other actual or threatened public health epidemics or outbreaks, may continue to adversely impact our business, including our clinical studies, and could further impact other aspects of our business including our supply chain, personnel, and our business development activities, the magnitude and extent of which are uncertain. 
 
 Our clinical studies have been and may continue to be affected by the coronavirus and remains a significant risk that enrollment of all of our active clinical studies and the timing of data from those studies may be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Clinical site initiation and patient enrollment in our current and future clinical studies may be delayed due to prioritization of hospital resources toward the coronavirus. Patients in our ongoing or planned clinical studies may also choose to not enroll, not participate in follow-up clinical visits or drop out of the study as a precaution against contracting the coronavirus. Further, some patients may not be able or willing to comply with clinical study protocols if quarantines impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. Similarly, our ability to recruit and retain principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to the coronavirus, may be adversely impacted. These events could delay our clinical studies, increase the cost of completing our clinical studies and negatively impact the integrity, reliability or robustness of the data from our clinical studies. 
 
 Quarantines, shelter-in-place and similar government orders, or the perception that such orders, shutdowns or other restrictions on the conduct of business operations could occur, related to the coronavirus or other infectious diseases could impact personnel at third-party manufacturing facilities upon which we rely, or the availability or cost of materials, which could disrupt the supply chain for our clinical studies. In particular, certain of our service providers involved in clinical studies are located in regions that have been subject to coronavirus-related actions and policies that limit the conduct of 
 52 

normal business operations. To the extent our suppliers and service providers are unable to comply with their obligations under our agreements with them or they are otherwise unable to deliver or are delayed in delivering goods and services to us due to the coronavirus, our ability to continue advancing development of our product candidates may become impaired. 
 
 The spread of the coronavirus, or other infectious diseases and actions taken to reduce their spread may also materially affect us economically. While the potential economic impact brought by, and the duration of, the coronavirus or other infectious diseases may be difficult to assess or predict, there could be a significant disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity and financial position. 
 
 Despite progress in the administration of vaccines, the extent to which the outbreak of coronavirus variants and any related containment and mitigation measures that have been or may in the future be put into place across the globe, may impact our clinical studies, our supply chain, our access to capital and our business development activities, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration of the pandemic, the scope and magnitude of any resurgence in the outbreak due to variants of the virus, the efforts by governments and businesses to contain the pandemic and any resurgences, business closures or business disruptions and the impact on the economy and capital markets. 
 
 Adverse side effects or other safety risks associated with our product candidates could delay or preclude approval, cause us to suspend or discontinue clinical studies, abandon further development, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 
 
 As is the case with pharmaceuticals generally, it is likely that there may be side effects and adverse events associated with our product candidates in our ongoing and future clinical studies as well as in clinical studies, investigator-initiated studies, or off-label usage in jurisdictions where itolizumab is available commercially. 
 
 EQ101 has been well-tolerated with no dose limiting toxicities or infusion reactions reported in subjects that have been dosed in prior studies completed by Bioniz, including healthy volunteers, subjects with large granular lymphocyte leukemia and CTCL. Our Phase 2 clinical study of EQ101 in subjects with AA is currently ongoing as is our Phase 1 first-in-human clinical study of EQ102 in healthy volunteers. 
 
 Based on our current limited clinical experience with itolizumab (EQ001), expected adverse events include lymphopenia, injection site reactions, infusion-/injection-related reactions (including fever and headache), and other systemic hypersensitivity reactions including rash, urticaria, erythema, and pruritus. 
 
 The most common adverse drug reactions that have been identified from the itolizumab (EQ001) clinical programs were injection site reactions (designated an identified risk) with SC administration and lymphopenia (designated an important identified risk). Additionally, infection has been designated as an important potential risk. Lymphopenia events were common treatment emergent adverse events reported across itolizumab (EQ001) studies. A decrease in lymphocyte count is a known pharmacodynamic marker of itolizumab (EQ001). These events were generally transient following the first dose, did not decline with continued dosing, and resolved when itolizumab (EQ001) treatment was withdrawn. Further, the declines in lymphocyte count were not associated with infection or other clinical sequelae. 
 
 Biocon may also continue to support the use of ALZUMAb or ALZUMAb-L in their own sponsored clinical studies, off-label use, investigator-initiated studies, or third party-sponsored studies over which we have no control. For example, Biocon is studying itolizumab in ulcerative colitis as part of a Phase 2 clinical study being conducted in India, which Equillium is collaborating and co-funding. Given such ongoing usage of itolizumab by Biocon or third parties, there is a risk that adverse events may impact our ability to conduct clinical development and successfully commercialize itolizumab (EQ001). Further, there is a risk that any such adverse events are not properly reported, which may also adversely impact our business. 
 
 Although itolizumab (EQ001) and ALZUMAb share the same primary monoclonal antibody sequence, they are manufactured in different cell lines and thus could be considered different biopharmaceutical products. Therefore, clinical results seen with ALZUMAb may have no bearing on results, including adverse events, that may be seen with itolizumab (EQ001). Through the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are not aware of any meaningful change in the benefit-to-risk profile of itolizumab. 
 
 Results of our clinical studies could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or unexpected characteristics. Undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could result in the delay, suspension or termination of clinical studies by us, the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities for a number of reasons. Additionally, a material percentage of patients in our aGVHD clinical studies may die from this disease, possibly as a result of itolizumab (EQ001), 
 53 

which could impact development of itolizumab (EQ001). If we elect or are required to delay, suspend or terminate any clinical study, the commercial prospects of our product candidates will be harmed and our ability to generate product revenues from this product candidate will be delayed or eliminated. Serious adverse events observed in clinical studies could hinder or prevent market acceptance of our product candidates. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations significantly. 
 
 Moreover, if any of our product candidates are associated with undesirable side effects in clinical studies or have characteristics that are unexpected, we may elect to abandon or limit their development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective, which may limit the commercial expectations for our product candidates, if approved. We may also be required to modify our study plans based on findings in our clinical studies. Many product candidates that initially showed promise in early stage testing have later been found to cause side effects that prevented further development. In addition, regulatory authorities may draw different conclusions or require additional testing to confirm these determinations. 
 
 It is possible that as we test our product candidates in larger, longer and more extensive clinical studies, including with different dosing regimens, or as the use of our product candidates becomes more widespread following any regulatory approval, illnesses, injuries, discomforts and other adverse events that were observed in earlier studies, as well as conditions that did not occur or went undetected in previous studies, will be reported by patients. If such side effects become known later in development or upon approval, if any, such findings may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects significantly. 
 
 In addition, if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by that approved product or any related products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw approval of the approved product; 

we may be required to recall a product or change the way the approved product is administered to patients; 

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label, such as a black box warning or a contraindication, or issue safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases or other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; 

we may be required to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, or create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients; 

additional restrictions may be imposed on the marketing or promotion of the particular product or the manufacturing processes for the product or any component thereof; 

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; 

the approved product could become less competitive; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of any of our product candidates, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Interim, topline or preliminary data from our clinical studies that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary or topline data from our clinical studies, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the topline results that we report may differ from future results of the same clinical studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. From time to time, we may also disclose interim data from our clinical studies. 
 54 

Interim data from clinical studies that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. Further, disclosure of interim data by us or by our competitors could result in volatility in the price of our common stock. 
 
 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses, or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical study is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular biopharmaceutical product, biopharmaceutical product candidate or our business. If the topline data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition. 
 
 In the past, we have conducted clinical studies of itolizumab (EQ001) outside of the United States, and we are and may in the future continue to use sites outside of the United States for clinical studies of EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001), including our Phase 3 pivotal clinical study of itolizumab (EQ001) in aGVHD, as well as possibly for clinical studies of any other product candidates. The FDA may not accept data from such studies, in which case our development plans will be delayed, which could materially harm our business. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2017, Biocon completed a Phase 1 clinical study of itolizumab (EQ001) in healthy subjects in Australia to assess the safety and tolerability of the SC version of itolizumab (EQ001). The study also included a separate stage to compare the pharmacokinetics of the IV administration of itolizumab (EQ001) to ALZUMAb and determine the absolute bioavailability of SC itolizumab (EQ001), but this stage was terminated early due to the occurrence of an initial decrease in lymphocyte counts and transient lymphopenia. We submitted this data to the FDA as part of our IND submissions for the conduct of clinical studies for the treatment of aGVHD, LN and COVID-19. However, it is possible that the FDA will not authorize us to proceed with clinical studies in connection with any future IND submissions in other indications that have different patient populations and we may be required to conduct additional Phase 1 clinical studies, which would be costly and time consuming, and delay aspects of our development plan, which could harm our business. 
 
 We have utilized sites in Australia and New Zealand for a Phase 1b clinical study of itolizumab (EQ001) in uncontrolled moderate to severe asthma, and we have utilized sites in India for a Phase 1b clinical study of itolizumab (EQ001) in lupus and LN. Also, we are utilizing sites from a variety of countries outside of the United States in our pivotal Phase 3 clinical study of itolizumab (EQ001) in aGVHD, including sites in Europe, Asia and elsewhere. Our Phase 2 clinical study of EQ101 in subjects with AA and our Phase 1 first-in-human clinical study of EQ102 in healthy volunteers and subjects with celiac disease are both being conducted in Australia. Although the FDA may accept data from clinical studies conducted entirely outside the United States and not under an IND, acceptance of such clinical study data is generally subject to certain conditions. For example, the FDA requires the clinical study to have been conducted in accordance with GCPs, and the FDA must be able to validate the data from the clinical studies through an onsite inspection if it deems such inspection necessary. In addition, when clinical studies are conducted only at sites outside of the United States, the FDA generally does not provide advance comment on the clinical protocols for the studies, and therefore there is an additional potential risk that the FDA could determine that the study design or protocol for a non-U.S. clinical study was inadequate, which would likely require us to conduct additional clinical studies. Conducting clinical studies outside the United States also exposes us to additional risks, including risks associated with: 
 additional foreign regulatory requirements; 

foreign exchange fluctuations; 

compliance with foreign manufacturing, customs, shipment and storage requirements; 

cultural differences in medical practice and clinical research; and 

diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries. 

55 

We may not be successful in our efforts to expand our pipeline by identifying additional indications for which to test our product candidates in the future. We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular indication for a product candidate and fail to capitalize on other product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 
 Our translational biology program may initially show promise in identifying additional indications for which our product candidates may have therapeutic benefit, yet this may fail to yield additional clinical development opportunities for our product candidates for a number of reasons, including, our product candidates may, on further study, be shown to have harmful side effects, limited to no efficacy or other characteristics that indicate that it is unlikely to receive marketing approval and achieve market acceptance in such additional indications. Research programs to identify additional indications for our product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources. 
 
 Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we must prioritize our research programs and will need to focus our development efforts on the potential treatment of certain, limited indications. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other indications or for any future product candidates, or divest product candidates that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending toward developing our product candidates for specific indications may not yield any approved or commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for our product candidates, we may pursue indications that are less attractive and may also relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. 
 
 Even if we receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, any of our product candidates, if approved, could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and market withdrawal and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our products. 
 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for any of our product candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical studies, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. In addition, if the FDA approves any product candidate, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export and record keeping for the product will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements, which can be costly and time consuming. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMPs and GCPs, for any clinical studies that we conduct post-approval. We must incur significant expenses and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, undesirable side effects caused by the product, problems encountered by our contracted manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, either before or after product approval, may result in, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product; 

requirements to include additional warnings on the label; 

requirements to create a medication guide outlining the risks to patients; 

withdrawal of the product from the market; 

voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

requirements to change the way the product is administered or for us to conduct additional clinical studies; 

fines, warning letters or holds on clinical studies; 

refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or our strategic partners, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties; and 

harm to our reputation. 

56 

Additionally, if any product candidate receives marketing approval, the FDA could require us to adopt a REMS to ensure that the benefits of the therapy outweigh its risks, which may include, among other things, a medication guide outlining the risks for distribution to patients and a communication plan to health care practitioners. Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the product or the particular product candidate at issue and could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, if we have any product candidate approved, our product labeling, advertising and promotion will be subject to regulatory requirements and continuing regulatory review. The FDA strictly regulates the promotional claims that may be made about biopharmaceutical products. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA as reflected in the product s approved labeling. If we receive marketing approval for a product candidate, physicians may nevertheless prescribe it to their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label. If we are found to have promoted such off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant sanctions. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. 
 
 The FDA s policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Even if our product candidates receive marketing approval in any indication, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, hospitals, healthcare payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 
 
 If any of our product candidates receive marketing approval in any one or more indication, it may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. If they do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance, if approved for commercial sale in any indication, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 efficacy and potential advantages compared to alternative treatments; 

our ability to offer the approved product for sale at competitive prices; 

convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; 

the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 

the strength of marketing and distribution support; 

potential product liability claims; 

the timing of market introduction as well as competitive biopharmaceutical products; 

the effectiveness of our or any of our potential future sales and marketing strategies; 

unfavorable publicity; 

sufficient third-party payor coverage and adequate reimbursement; 

the willingness of patients to pay all, or a portion of, out-of-pocket costs associated with our products in the absence of sufficient third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement; and 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects. 

57 

We currently have no marketing and sales organization and have no experience as a company in commercializing products, and we may have to invest significant resources to develop these capabilities. If we are unable to establish marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with contracted third parties to market and sell any of our approved products, we may not be able to generate product revenue. 
 
 We have no internal sales, marketing or distribution capabilities, nor have we commercialized a product. If any of our product candidates ultimately receives regulatory approval, we may not be able to effectively market and distribute it. We may have to seek collaborators or invest significant amounts of financial and management resources to develop internal sales, distribution and marketing capabilities, some of which will be committed prior to any confirmation that any of our product candidates will be approved, if at all. We may not be able to enter into collaborations or hire consultants or external service providers to assist us in sales, marketing and distribution functions on acceptable financial terms, or at all. In addition, our product revenues and our profitability, if any, may be lower if we rely on contracted parties for these functions than if we were to market, sell and distribute our products ourselves. We likely will have limited control over such contracted parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively. Even if we determine to perform sales, marketing and distribution functions ourselves, we could face a number of additional related risks, including: 
 we may not be able to attract and build an effective marketing department or sales force; 

the cost of establishing a marketing department or sales force may exceed our available financial resources and the revenue generated by any approved product candidates; and 

our direct sales and marketing efforts may not be successful. 

We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products more quickly or marketing them more successfully than us. If their product candidates are shown to be safer or more effective than ours, then our commercial opportunity will be reduced or eliminated. 
 
 The development and commercialization of new products is highly competitive. We compete in the segments of the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other related markets that develop drugs and biologics for the treatment of immuno-inflammatory diseases. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop, or that would render any products that we may develop obsolete or non-competitive. Our competitors also may obtain marketing approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. 
 
 We are aware that other products addressing the same indications as EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001) are in development, and some have been approved. For the treatment of AA, Eli Lilly and Company recently received FDA approval of Olumiant. Other private and public companies involved in AA drug development include Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc., ASLAN Pharmaceuticals Limited, Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (acquired by Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.), Forte Biosciences, Inc., Horizon Therapeutics plc, Legacy Healthcare, Pfizer Inc., Reistone Biopharma, Zelgen Biopharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., and Zura Bio Limited. There are no approved products for celiac disease. Private and public companies with development programs targeting celiac disease include Anokion SA, Calypso Biotech BV, Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., IGY Immune Technologies Life Sciences Inc., Immunic, Inc., ImmunogenX, Inc., Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc., Provention Bio, Selecta Biosciences, Theriva Biologics, Inc., Takeda Pharmaceuticals, and Zedira GmbH. There are no FDA-approved therapies indicated as a first-line treatment of aGVHD. Second-line therapy consists of off-label immunosuppressives for which the therapeutic benefit has not been established, and Incyte Corporation s ruxolitinib which was approved for the treatment of steroid refractory aGVHD in 2019. Other private and public companies with development programs in first-line and steroid refractory aGVHD, including AltruBio, Inc., ASC Therapeutics, CSL Behring LLC, Cynata Therapeutics Limited, ElsaLys Biotech, Humanigen, Inc., Maat Pharma SA, Medac GmbH, Mesoblast Limited, Shenzhen Xbiome Biotech, Co., Ltd., VectivBio Holding AG, and Zelgen Biopharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. There are currently two approved therapies for the treatment of LN: GlaxoSmithKline s Benlysta, approved in 2020, and Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Lupkynis, approved in January 2021. Other private and public companies involved in LN drug development include Amgen Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Corestem Co., Ltd., CSL Behring LLC, Genentech Inc., Jansen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson Johnson, Kezar Life Sciences, Inc., Novartis AG, Omeros Corporation and Vera Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Many of our competitors, such as large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies like Pfizer Inc. and Eli Lilly and Company, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, 
 58 

preclinical studies, conducting clinical studies, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we have. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical study sites and patient registration for clinical studies, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. In addition, these larger companies may be able to use their greater market power to obtain more favorable distribution and sales-related agreements with third parties, which could give them a competitive advantage over us. 
 
 Further, as more product candidates within a particular class of biopharmaceutical products proceed through clinical development to regulatory review and approval, the amount and type of clinical data that may be required by regulatory authorities may increase or change. Consequently, the results of our clinical studies for product candidates in those classes will likely need to show a risk benefit profile that is competitive with or more favorable than those products and product candidates in order to obtain marketing approval or, if approved, a product label that is favorable for commercialization. If the risk benefit profile is not competitive with those products or product candidates, we may have developed a product that is not commercially viable, that we are not able to sell profitably or that is unable to achieve favorable pricing or reimbursement. In such circumstances, our future product revenues and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical study sites and subject enrollment for clinical studies, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) or any future programs. 
 
 The key competitive factors affecting the success of any of our product candidates are likely to be their efficacy, safety, convenience and availability of reimbursement. If we are not successful in developing, commercializing and achieving higher levels of reimbursement than our competitors, we will not be able to compete against them and our business would be materially harmed. 
 
 Our current product candidates and any future product candidates for which we intend to seek approval as biologic products may face competition sooner than anticipated. 
 
 The Affordable Care Act, includes a subtitle called the BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical studies to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of their product. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation and meaning are subject to uncertainty. While it is uncertain when such processes intended to implement BPCIA may be fully adopted by the FDA, any such processes could have a material adverse effect on the future commercial prospects for our biological products. 
 
 We believe that any of our product candidates approved as a biological product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our product candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for biosimilar competition sooner than anticipated. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the subject of recent litigation. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any one of our reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. 
 
 If market opportunities for our product candidates are smaller than we believe they are, our potential revenue may be adversely affected and our business may suffer. 
 
 We only have the rights to itolizumab (EQ001) for the Equillium Territory, and we are focused on the development of itolizumab (EQ001) for immuno-inflammatory diseases, with current plans to develop it for the treatment of patients with aGVHD and LN. We have global rights to EQ101 and EQ102 and currently have plans to develop those product candidates 
 59 

for alopecia areata and celiac disease, respectively. Our projections of addressable patient populations that have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates are based on estimates and may prove to be incorrect. If any of our estimates are inaccurate, the market opportunities for our product candidates could be significantly diminished and have an adverse material impact on our business. 
 
 We may not ultimately realize the potential benefits of orphan drug designation for EQ101 or itolizumab (EQ001). 
 
 EQ101 has been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA and EMA for CTCL, and itolizumab (EQ001) has been granted orphan drug designations by the FDA for both the prevention and treatment of aGVHD. The FDA grants orphan designation to drugs that are intended to treat rare diseases with fewer than 200,000 patients in the United States or that affect more than 200,000 persons but are not expected to recover the costs of developing and marketing a treatment drug. Orphan drugs do not require prescription drug user fees with a marketing application, may qualify the drug development sponsor for certain tax credits, and may be eligible for a market exclusivity period of seven years (with certain exceptions). However, orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time nor regulatory review time of a product candidate nor gives the candidate any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. Even if we are awarded marketing exclusivity, the FDA can still approve another drug containing the same active ingredient and used for the same orphan indication if it determines that a subsequent drug is safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care, and orphan exclusivity can be lost if the orphan drug manufacturer is unable to assure that a sufficient quantity of the orphan drug is available to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Orphan drug exclusivity may also be lost if the FDA later determines that the initial request for designation was materially defective. In addition, orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving competing drugs for the same or similar indication containing a different active ingredient. If orphan drug exclusivity is lost and we were unable to successfully enforce any remaining patents covering our eligible product candidates, we could be subject to biosimilar competition earlier than we anticipate. In addition, if a subsequent drug is approved for marketing for the same or a similar indication as EQ101 or itolizumab (EQ001), we may face increased competition and lose market share regardless of orphan drug exclusivity. 
 
 Fast track designation by the FDA may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. 
 
 We have received fast track designation for itolizumab (EQ001) for the treatment of aGVHD and LN. If a product is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the product demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the product sponsor may apply for FDA fast track designation. Even with fast track designation, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA may withdraw fast track designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. 
 
 Even if we receive marketing approval, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any of our approved products due to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, which could make it difficult for us to sell any of our approved products profitably. 
 
 Obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement approval for a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide supporting scientific, clinical and cost effectiveness data for the use of our approved products to the payor. There may be significant delays in obtaining such coverage and reimbursement for newly approved products, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the product is approved by the FDA. Moreover, eligibility for coverage and reimbursement does not imply that a product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, intellectual property, manufacture, sale and distribution expenses. Interim reimbursement levels for new products, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the product and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost products and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors, by any future laws limiting pharmaceutical prices and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of product from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. 
 
 There is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting reimbursement policies, but also have their own methods and approval process apart from Medicare coverage and reimbursement determinations. Decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided for any product candidates that we develop will be made on a payor-by-payor basis. One third-party payor s determination to provide coverage for a drug does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage and adequate reimbursement for the drug. Additionally, a third-party payor s 
 60 

decision to provide coverage for a therapy does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products, therapies and services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. 
 
 Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 

safe, effective and medically necessary; 

appropriate for the specific patient; 

cost-effective; and 

neither experimental nor investigational. 

We cannot be sure that coverage or reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and, if coverage and reimbursement are available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Obtaining adequate reimbursement for our products may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with branded therapeutics and therapeutics administered under the supervision of a physician. Similarly, because our product candidates are physician-administered injectables, separate reimbursement for the product itself may or may not be available. Instead, the administering physician may be reimbursed for providing the treatment or procedure in which our product is used. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement rates from both government-funded and private payors for any approved products that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition. 
 
 Reimbursement may impact the demand for, and the price of, any product for which we obtain marketing approval. Assuming we obtain coverage for a given product by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Each third-party payor determines whether or not it will provide coverage for a therapy, what amount it will pay the manufacturer for the therapy and on what tier of its list of covered drugs, or formulary, it will be placed. The position on a third-party payor s formulary, generally determines the co-payment that a patient will need to make to obtain the therapy and can strongly influence the adoption of such therapy by patients and physicians. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with those medications. Patients are unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover all or a significant portion of the cost of our products. Therefore, coverage and adequate reimbursement is critical to new product acceptance. Coverage decisions may depend upon clinical and economic standards that disfavor new products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available. Additionally, if we or our collaborators develop companion diagnostic tests for use with our product candidates, such tests will be subject to the coverage and reimbursement process separate and apart from the coverage and reimbursement we seek for our product candidates. 
 
 We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription medicines, medical devices and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the successful commercialization of new products. Further, the adoption and implementation of any future governmental cost containment or other health reform initiative may result in additional downward pressure on the price that we may receive for any approved product. 
 Risks Related to Manufacturing and Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 The manufacture of pharmaceutical products, especially biologics, is complex and we may encounter difficulties in production, distribution and delivery of our product candidates. If CMOs, including Biocon, our exclusive CMO for itolizumab (EQ001), encounter such difficulties, our ability to provide supply of our product candidates for clinical studies, our ability to obtain marketing approval, or our ability to obtain commercial supply of our products, if approved, could be delayed or stopped. 
 
 We have no experience in biologic manufacturing and do not own or operate, and we do not expect to own or operate, facilities for product manufacturing, storage and distribution, or testing. We are completely dependent on third-party CMOs 
 61 

to fulfill our clinical and commercial supply of our product candidates. However, the process of manufacturing pharmaceutical products, especially biologics, is complex, highly-regulated and subject to multiple risks. Such manufacturing is highly susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure, improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, inconsistency in yields, variability in product characteristics and difficulties in scaling the production process. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, product defects and other supply disruptions and higher costs. If microbial, viral or other contaminations are discovered at the facilities of our manufacturer, such facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination, which could delay clinical studies, result in higher costs of drug product and adversely harm our business. In addition, if the facilities of our manufacturer are located outside of the United States, as is the case currently for itolizumab (EQ001) and EQ102, the production, distribution and delivery of pharmaceutical products are also subject to the laws and regulations of the country. Any changes in the laws and regulations of another country, or disruptions in production or the supply chain related to geopolitical issues or health pandemics, could delay clinical studies, result in higher costs of drug product and adversely harm our business. Moreover, if the FDA determines that our manufacturer is not in compliance with FDA laws and regulations, including those governing cGMPs, the FDA may deny BLA approval until the deficiencies are corrected or we replace the manufacturer in our BLA with a manufacturer that is in compliance. 
 
 In addition, there are risks associated with large scale manufacturing for clinical studies or commercial scale including, among others, cost overruns, potential problems with process scale-up, process reproducibility, stability issues, compliance with cGMPs, lot consistency and timely availability and delivery of raw materials. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates or any future product candidates, there is no assurance that our CMOs will be able to manufacture the approved product to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities, to produce it in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements for the potential launch of the product or to meet potential future demand. Further, our contracted manufacturers may experience manufacturing or shipping difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of natural disasters, labor disputes, unstable political environments, or public health epidemics such as the COVID-19 outbreak. If our manufacturers are unable to produce sufficient quantities for clinical studies or for commercialization, commercialization efforts would be impaired, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Scaling up pharmaceutical manufacturing processes, especially biological processes and peptide synthesis, is a difficult and uncertain task, and our CMOs may not have the necessary capabilities to complete the implementation and development process of further scaling up production, transferring production to other sites, or managing its production capacity to timely deliver our supplies of EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) or other future product candidates (including other biologics) or meet product demand. 
 
 In May 2017, we entered into an exclusive clinical supply agreement with Biocon and have agreed to enter into an exclusive commercial supply agreement with Biocon in the future. Biocon manufactures itolizumab (EQ001) at its FDA regulated facility in Bangalore, India. Our dependence on Biocon subjects us to further risks and uncertainties related to our ability to fulfill our clinical and commercial supply of itolizumab (EQ001). For example, in March 2020, due to the spread of the coronavirus, the Indian government restricted the export of 26 active pharmaceutical ingredients and the medicines made from them. These export restrictions are indefinite and may be expanded. If the export restrictions are expanded to include itolizumab (EQ001), our supply of itolizumab (EQ001) may be disrupted, delayed or stopped indefinitely and our ability to continue development of itolizumab (EQ001), including our ongoing clinical studies, may be significantly impacted and may result in higher costs of drug product and adversely harm our business. If Biocon is unable to meet our manufacturing requirements (due to export restrictions or otherwise), it has the discretion to outsource manufacturing to a third party and the joint steering committee may determine to shift manufacturing to a third party. However, transfer of the manufacturing of biologic products to a new contract manufacturer, whether related to itolizumab (EQ001) or any of our current or future product candidates, can be lengthy and involve significant additional costs. Even if we are able to adequately validate and scale-up the manufacturing process with a contract manufacturer, we will still need to negotiate with such contract manufacturer an agreement for commercial supply and it is not certain we will be able to come to agreement on terms acceptable to us, if at all. In addition, Biocon has certain rights to reacquire exclusive manufacturing rights for itolizumab (EQ001), even after a third party has been engaged following shortfalls by Biocon, which may make it difficult and expensive to engage any third-party manufacturer for itolizumab (EQ001) other than Biocon. 
 
 62 

We rely, and intend to continue to rely, on CROs to conduct our clinical studies and perform some of our research and preclinical studies. If these third parties do not satisfactorily carry out their contractual duties, fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or meet expected deadlines, our development programs may be delayed or subject to increased costs or we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval, each of which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We do not have the ability to independently conduct all aspects of our preclinical testing or clinical studies ourselves. As a result, we are and will be dependent on third parties to conduct our ongoing and future preclinical studies and clinical studies of EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001) and any future preclinical studies and clinical studies of any other product candidates. The timing of the initiation and completion of these studies will therefore be partially controlled by such third parties and may result in delays to our development programs. 
 
 Specifically, we expect CROs, clinical investigators and consultants to play a significant role in the conduct of these studies and the subsequent collection and analysis of data. However, we will not be able to control all aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each clinical study is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol and legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs and other third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. Should our CROs engage in unethical, illegal, or non-compliant activities, such behavior could adversely impact our business. Further, should we terminate our contractual relationship with a CRO for such improprieties, transitioning to a different CRO may delay, disrupt or otherwise adversely impact the progress of the clinical study. We and our CROs are required to comply with GCP requirements, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, for product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCP requirements through periodic inspections of study sponsors, clinical study investigators and clinical study sites. If we or any of our CROs or clinical study sites fail to comply with applicable GCP requirements, the data generated in our clinical studies may be deemed unreliable, and the FDA may require us to perform additional clinical studies before approving our marketing applications. In addition, our clinical studies must be conducted with product produced under cGMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to stop and/or repeat clinical studies, which would delay the marketing approval process. 
 
 There is no guarantee that any such CROs, clinical study investigators or other third parties on which we rely on will devote adequate time and resources to our development activities or perform as contractually required. If any of these third parties fail to meet expected deadlines, adhere to our clinical protocols or meet regulatory requirements, otherwise performs in a substandard manner, or terminates its engagement with us, the timelines for our development programs may be extended or delayed or our development activities may be suspended or terminated. If our clinical study site terminates for any reason, we may experience the loss of follow-up information on subjects enrolled in such clinical study unless we are able to transfer those subjects to another qualified clinical study site, which may be difficult or impossible. In addition, clinical study investigators for our clinical study may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and may receive cash or equity compensation in connection with such services. If these relationships and any related compensation result in perceived or actual conflicts of interest, or the FDA concludes that the financial relationship may have affected the interpretation of the study, the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical study site may be questioned and the utility of the clinical study itself may be jeopardized, which could result in the delay or rejection of any marketing application we submit by the FDA. Any such delay or rejection could prevent us from commercializing EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) or any future product candidates. 
 
 Furthermore, these third parties may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors for whom they may also be conducting clinical studies or other biopharmaceutical product development activities that could harm our competitive position. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our clinical studies in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) or any future product candidates and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our products. 
 
 Our reliance on contracted parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 
 
 Because we rely on contracted parties to research, develop, and manufacture our product candidates, we must share trade secrets with them. The need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of confidentiality agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor s independent discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 63 

Agreements with our advisors, employees, contractors and consultants may contain certain limited publication rights. For example, any academic institution that we may collaborate with will likely expect to be granted rights to publish data arising out of such collaboration and any joint research and development programs may require us to share trade secrets under the terms of our research and development or similar agreements. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets, our competitors may discover our trade secrets, either through breach of our agreements, independent development or publication of information by any of our collaborators. A competitor s discovery of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position and have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain or protect intellectual property rights covering our product candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. 
 
 Our success depends in significant part on our, and with respect to itolizumab (EQ001), Biocon s, ability to establish, maintain and protect patents and other intellectual property rights with respect to our proprietary technologies, research programs, and product candidates, including EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001), and operate without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and we and our current or future licensors, licensees or partners may not be able to prepare, file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we or our current and future licensors, licensees or partners will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research or inventions made in the course of development and commercialization activities before it is too late to obtain patent protection on them. Although we enter into confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to patentable aspects of our research and development programs, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, independent contractors, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach these agreements and disclose such results before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection on technology relating to our research programs. Moreover, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from or license to third parties and are reliant on our licensors, licensees or partners. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If our current or future licensors, licensees or partners fail to establish, maintain or protect such patents and other intellectual property rights, such rights may be reduced or eliminated. If our licensors, licensees or partners are not fully cooperative or disagree with us as to the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of any patent rights, such patent rights could be compromised. There may be significant pressure on the U.S. government and international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the United States for disease treatments that prove successful, as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns. 
 
 The patent position of biotechnology companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been the subject of much litigation, resulting in court decisions, including Supreme Court decisions, which have increased uncertainties as to the ability to enforce patent rights in the future. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, allowing foreign competitors a better opportunity to create, develop and market competing product candidates, or vice versa. We cannot be certain that the claims in our pending patent applications directed to our product candidates such as EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001), as well as technologies relating to our research programs, will be considered patentable by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, or by patent offices in foreign countries. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, patents in our portfolio may not adequately exclude third parties from practicing relevant technology or prevent others from designing around our claims. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our and our current or future licensors , licensees or partners patent rights are highly uncertain. Our and our licensors , licensees or partners pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued, which protect our technology or products, in whole or in part, or their intended uses, methods of manufacture or formulations, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. The patent examination process may require us or our licensors, licensees or partners to narrow the scope of the claims of our or our licensors , licensees or partners pending and future patent applications, which may limit the scope of patent protection that may be obtained. In the past, we have not always been able to obtain the full scope of patent protection we have initially sought in our patent applications, and as described above and as is typical for most biotechnology patent prosecution, we have been required to narrow or eliminate patent claims as part of the patent prosecution process. In addition, some patent applications that we or our licensors have filed have not resulted in issued patents because we or our licensors have abandoned those patent applications as changes in business and/or legal strategies dictated. 
 
 64 

We cannot assure you that all of the potentially relevant prior art information that was or is deemed available to a person of skill in the relevant art prior to the priority date of the claimed invention relating to our patents and patent applications has been found. If such prior art exists, it can invalidate a patent or prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent application, and we may be subject to a third party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the USPTO. Even if patents do successfully issue and even if such patents cover our product candidates, third parties may initiate litigation or opposition, interference, re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, nullification or derivation action in court or before patent offices, or similar proceedings challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of such patents, which may result in the patent claims being narrowed or invalidated, may allow third parties to commercialize our product candidates and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and products. The legal threshold for initiating such proceedings may be low, so that even proceedings with a low probability of success might be initiated. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, regardless of the outcome, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. Our and our licensors , licensees or partners patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless and until a patent issues from such applications, and then only to the extent the issued claims cover the technology. 
 
 Because patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, and some remain so until issued, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to file any patent application related to our research programs and product candidates such as EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001). Even where we have a valid and enforceable patent, we may not be able to exclude others from practicing our invention where the other party can show that they used the invention in commerce before our filing date or the other party benefits from a compulsory license. In addition, patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a product, we may be open to competition from competitive medications, including biosimilar or generic medications. 
 
 If we are not able to obtain patent term extension in the United States under the Hatch-Waxman Act and in foreign countries under similar legislation, thereby potentially extending the term of our marketing exclusivity for EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) or any other product candidates that we may identify, our business may be materially harmed. 
 
 Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. We expect to seek extensions of patent terms where these are available in any countries where we are prosecuting patents. This includes in the United States under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, or Hatch-Waxman Act, which permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent. The Hatch-Waxman Act allows a maximum of one patent to be extended per FDA-approved product as compensation for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval and only those claims covering such approved drug product, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Patent term extension may also be available in certain foreign countries upon regulatory approval of our product candidates. However, the applicable authorities, including the FDA and USPTO, in the United States, and any equivalent foreign regulatory authority, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to our patents, or may grant more limited extensions than we request. If this occurs, our competitors may take advantage of our investment in development and clinical studies by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 
 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain, and we cannot predict: 
 if and when patents may issue based on our patent applications; 

the scope of protection of any patent issuing based on our patent applications; 

whether the claims of any patent issuing based on our patent applications will provide protection against competitors; 

whether any of the patents we own or license will be found to ultimately be valid and enforceable; 

whether or not third parties will find ways to invalidate or circumvent our patent rights; 

65 

whether or not others will obtain patents claiming aspects similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications; 

whether the patents of others will not have an adverse effect on our business; 

whether we will develop additional proprietary technologies or products that are separately patentable; 

whether we will need to initiate litigation or administrative proceedings to enforce and/or defend our patent rights which will be costly whether we win or lose; and/or 

whether the patent applications that we own or in-license will result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates or uses thereof in the United States or in other foreign countries. 

We depend on intellectual property licensed from Biocon and termination of our license could result in the loss of significant rights, which would harm our business. 
 
 We currently in-license certain intellectual property that is important to our business from Biocon and, in the future, we may enter into additional agreements that provide us with licenses to valuable intellectual property or technology. We rely to some extent on Biocon to file patent applications and to otherwise protect the intellectual property we license from them. We have limited control over these activities or any other intellectual property that may be related to our in-licensed intellectual property. For example, we cannot be certain that such activities by Biocon have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights. We have limited control over the manner in which Biocon initiates an infringement proceeding against a third-party infringer of the intellectual property rights, or defend certain of the intellectual property that is licensed to us. It is possible that our licensor s infringement proceeding or defense activities may be less vigorous than had we conducted them ourselves. 
 
 Furthermore, in-licensed patents may be subject to a reservation of rights by one or more third parties. Further, our existing license with Biocon imposes, and future agreements may also impose, various diligence, milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with these obligations, we may be required to pay damages and our licensor may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to develop or market the products covered by such licensed intellectual property and our competitors or other third parties might be able to gain access to technologies and products that are identical to ours. Our business would suffer if any current or future licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensors fail to enforce licensed patents against infringing third parties, if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. Furthermore, if any current or future licenses terminate, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties may gain the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical to ours. Moreover, our licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing or otherwise violating the licensor s rights. Disputes may also arise between us and our licensor regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including those relating to: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the license agreement; 

our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; 

whether we are complying with our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates; and 

the allocation of ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and by us and our partners. 

In addition, intellectual property or technology license agreements, including our existing agreements, are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. If disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. We are generally also subject to all of the same risks with respect to protection of intellectual property 
 66 

that we license as we are for intellectual property that we own, which are described below. If we or our licensor fail to adequately protect this intellectual property, our ability to commercialize products could suffer. 
 
 Because our programs may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary for our product candidates. The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. 
 
 In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment. In addition, while we cannot currently determine the amount of the royalty obligations we would be required to pay on sales of future products, if any, the amounts may be significant. The amount of our future royalty obligations will depend on the technology and intellectual property we use in products that we successfully develop and commercialize, if any. Therefore, even if we successfully develop and commercialize products, we may be unable to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 
 In the future, we may need to obtain additional licenses of third-party technology that may not be available to us or are available only on commercially unreasonable terms, and which may cause us to operate our business in a more costly or otherwise adverse manner that was not anticipated. 
 
 From time to time we may be required to license technologies relating to our therapeutic research programs from additional third parties to further develop or commercialize our product candidates such as EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) and/or others. Should we be required to obtain licenses to any third-party technology, including any such patents required to manufacture, use or sell our product candidates, such licenses may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. The inability to obtain any third-party license required to develop or commercialize any of our product candidates could cause us to abandon any related efforts, which could seriously harm our business and operations. 
 
 Any collaboration arrangements that we may enter into in the future may not be successful, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our products. 
 
 Any future collaborations that we enter into may not be successful. The success of our collaboration arrangements will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators. Collaborations are subject to numerous risks, which may include that: 
 collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to collaborations; 

collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our products or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on study or test results, changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive products, availability of funding or other external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 

collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our products or product candidates; 

a collaborator with marketing, manufacturing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to or otherwise not perform satisfactorily in carrying out these activities; 

we could grant exclusive rights to our collaborators that would prevent us from collaborating with others; 

collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability; 

disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that causes the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our current or future products or that results in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 

67 

collaborations may be terminated, and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable current or future products; 

collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our products that results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to develop or commercialize such intellectual property; and 

a collaborator s sales and marketing activities or other operations may not be in compliance with applicable laws resulting in civil or criminal proceedings. 

We may not identify relevant third-party patents or may incorrectly interpret the relevance, scope or expiration of a third-party patent, which might adversely affect our ability to develop and market our products. 
 
 We cannot assure you that our operations do not, or will not in the future, infringe existing or future patents. We cannot guarantee that any of our patent searches or analyses, including the identification of relevant patents, the scope of patent claims or the expiration of relevant patents, are complete or thorough, nor can we be certain that we have identified each and every third party patent and pending application in the United States and abroad that is relevant to our therapeutic research programs or necessary for the commercialization of our product candidates such as EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) and/or others in any jurisdiction. 
 
 Numerous U.S. and foreign patents and pending patent applications exist in our market that are owned by third parties, and there may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our products and/or product candidates that we may identify. Our competitors in both the United States and abroad, many of which have substantially greater resources and have made substantial investments in patent portfolios and competing technologies, may have applied for or obtained or may in the future apply for and obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make, use and sell our products. We do not always conduct independent reviews of pending patent applications of and patents issued to third parties. Patent applications in the United States and elsewhere are typically published approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with such earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Certain U.S. applications that will not be filed outside the United States can remain confidential until patents issue. In addition, patent applications in the United States and elsewhere can be pending for many years before issuance, or unintentionally abandoned patents or applications can be revived. Furthermore, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our technologies, our products or the use of our products. As such, there may be applications of others now pending or recently revived patents of which we are unaware, potentially relating to our research programs and product candidates such as EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) and others, or their intended uses. These applications may later result in issued patents, or the revival of previously abandoned patents, that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make, use or sell our products. 
 
 The scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent s prosecution history. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of a patent or a pending application may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to market our products. We may incorrectly determine that our products are not covered by a third party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third party s pending application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the United States or abroad that we consider relevant may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our product candidates. Our failure to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our products. 
 
 We cannot provide any assurances that third party patents do not exist which might be enforced against our current technology, including our research programs, product candidates, which include EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) and others, their respective methods of use, manufacture and formulations thereof, and could result in either an injunction prohibiting our manufacture or future sales, or, with respect to our future sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties, which could be significant. 
 
 If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation could be costly and time consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our product candidates. 
 
 Our commercial success depends, in part, on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell EQ101, EQ102, and itolizumab (EQ001), and other potential future product candidates without infringing the intellectual property and other proprietary rights of third parties. Third parties may allege that we have infringed or misappropriated their intellectual property. Litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims, with or without merit, is unpredictable and generally expensive and time consuming and, even if resolved in our favor, is likely to divert significant resources from 
 68 

our core business, including distracting our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. We cannot assure you that our operations do not, or will not in the future, infringe existing or future patents. 
 
 There is a substantial amount of intellectual property litigation in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, and we may become party to, or threatened with, litigation or other adversarial proceedings regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our product candidates. Our competitors in both the United States and abroad, many of which have substantially greater resources and have made substantial investments in patent portfolios and competing technologies, may have applied for or obtained or may in the future apply for and obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make, use and sell our product candidates. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing or future intellectual property rights. The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have produced a significant number of patents, and it may not always be clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products or methods of use. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. If we were sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our product candidates, products or methods either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent or that the patent claims are invalid or unenforceable, and we may not be able to do this. Proving invalidity may be difficult. For example, in the United States, proving invalidity in court requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. Even if we are successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs and the time and attention of our management and scientific personnel could be diverted in pursuing these proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. In addition, we may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation or administrative proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. 
 
 If we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be forced, including by court order, to cease developing, manufacturing or commercializing the infringing product candidate or product. Alternatively, we may be required to obtain a license from such third party in order to use the infringing technology and continue developing, manufacturing or marketing the infringing product candidate. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, and could divert the time and attention of our technical personnel and management, cause development delays, and/or require us to develop non-infringing technology, which may not be possible on a cost-effective basis, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. 
 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 
 
 Competitors may infringe our patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property that relate to our current and future product candidates, including EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) and others, their respective methods of use, manufacture and formulations thereof. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we or our licensor may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time consuming and divert the time and attention of our management and scientific personnel. Any claims we or our licensor assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents, in addition to counterclaims asserting that our patents are invalid or unenforceable, or both. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace, and the outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. In any patent infringement proceeding, there is a risk that a court will decide that a patent that we own or have licensed is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue. There is also a risk that, even if the validity of such patents is upheld, the court will construe the 
 69 

patent s claims narrowly or decide that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue on the grounds that our patent claims do not cover the invention. An adverse outcome in a litigation or proceeding involving our patents could limit our ability to assert our patents against those parties or other competitors and may curtail or preclude our ability to exclude third parties from making and selling similar or competitive products. 
 
 Interference or derivation proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us or declared by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. For example, an unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or if a non-exclusive license is offered and our competitors gain access to the same technology. Our defense of litigation or interference or derivation proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical studies, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties, or enter into development partnerships that would help us bring EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) or other product candidates that we may identify to market. Any of these occurrences could adversely affect our competitive business position, results of operations business prospects and financial condition. Similarly, if we assert trademark infringement claims, a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark infringement has superior rights to the marks in question. In this case, we could ultimately be forced to cease use of such trademarks. 
 
 Even if we establish infringement, the court may decide not to grant an injunction against further infringing activity and instead award only monetary damages, which may or may not be an adequate remedy. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of shares of our common stock. Moreover, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically last for years before they are concluded. Even if we ultimately prevail in such claims, the monetary cost of such litigation and the diversion of the attention of our management and scientific personnel could outweigh any benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. 
 
 Because of the expense and uncertainty of litigation, we may not be in a position to enforce our intellectual property rights against third parties. 
 
 Because of the expense and uncertainty of litigation, we may conclude that even if a third party is infringing our issued patent relating to our research programs and product candidates, any patents that may be issued as a result of our pending or future patent applications or other intellectual property rights, the risk-adjusted cost of bringing and enforcing such a claim or action may be too high or not in the best interest of our company or our stockholders. In such cases, we may decide that the more prudent course of action is to simply monitor the situation or initiate or seek some other non-litigious action or solution. 
 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties. 
 
 We employ individuals who previously worked with other companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We could in the future be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants, or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed alleged trade secrets or other confidential information of current or former employers or competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and independent contractors do not use the intellectual property, proprietary information, know-how or trade secrets of others in their work for us, we may become subject to claims that we caused an individual to breach the terms of his or her non-competition or non-solicitation agreement, or that we or these individuals have, inadvertently or otherwise, used or disclosed the alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information of a current or former employer or competitor. 
 
 While we may litigate to defend ourselves against these claims, even if we are successful, litigation could result in substantial costs and could be a distraction to management and other employees. If our defenses to these claims fail, in addition to requiring us to pay monetary damages, a court could prohibit us from using technologies or features that are essential to our product candidates, including EQ101, EQ102 or itolizumab (EQ001), if such technologies or features are found to incorporate or be derived from the trade secrets or other proprietary information of the current or former employers. Moreover, any such litigation or the threat thereof may adversely affect our reputation, our ability to form strategic alliances 
 70 

or sublicense our rights to collaborators, engage with scientific advisors or hire employees or consultants, each of which would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending all current and future patents in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 
 The legal systems of many foreign countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights. For example, some foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, some countries limit the enforceability of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, patents may provide limited or no benefit. In Europe, expected by the end of 2023, European applications will soon have the option, upon grant of a patent, of becoming a Unitary Patent which will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Unitary Patent Court, or UPC. This will be a significant change in European patent practice. As the UPC is a new court system, there is no precedent for the court, increasing the uncertainty of any litigation. It is our initial belief that the UPC, while offering a cheaper streamlined process, has potential disadvantages to patent holders, such as making a single European patent vulnerable in all jurisdictions when challenged in a single jurisdiction. Given the present uncertainty, we plan to opt out of the UPC where we are able. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submissions, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuities fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or patent applications are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent and/or patent application. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies also require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our research programs and product candidates such as EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) and others as well as their respective methods of use, manufacture and formulations thereof, our competitive position would be adversely affected, as, for example, competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case. 
 
 We may rely on trade secret and proprietary know-how which can be difficult to trace and enforce and, if we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 
 In addition to seeking patents for some of our technology and product candidates, we may also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position with respect to our research programs and product candidates. Elements of our product candidates, including processes for their preparation and manufacture, may involve proprietary know-how, information, or technology that is not covered by patents, 
 71 

and thus for these aspects we may consider trade secrets and know-how to be our primary intellectual property. Any disclosure, either intentional or unintentional, by our employees, the employees of third parties with whom we share our facilities or third party consultants and vendors that we engage to perform research, clinical studies or manufacturing activities, or misappropriation by third parties (such as through a cybersecurity breach) of our trade secrets or proprietary information could enable competitors to duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, thus eroding our competitive position in our market. 
 
 Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We require our employees to enter into written employment agreements containing provisions of confidentiality and obligations to assign to us any inventions generated in the course of their employment. We and any third parties with whom we share facilities enter into written agreements that include confidentiality and intellectual property obligations to protect each party s property, potential trade secrets, proprietary know-how, and information. We further seek to protect our potential trade secrets, proprietary know-how, and information in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who are given access to them, such as our corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. With our consultants, contractors, and outside scientific collaborators, these agreements typically include invention assignment obligations. However, we cannot be certain that such agreements have been entered into with all relevant parties, and we cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. Moreover, despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of our products that we consider proprietary. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. 
 
 Trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. Trade secrets will over time be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles and the movement of personnel skilled in the art from company to company or academic to industry scientific positions. Though our agreements with third parties typically restrict the ability of our advisors, employees, collaborators, licensors, suppliers, third-party contractors and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets, our agreements may contain certain limited publication rights. Because from time to time we expect to rely on third parties in the development, manufacture, and distribution of our products and provision of our services, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. Despite employing the contractual and other security precautions described above, the need to share trade secrets increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, our competitive position would be harmed. 
 
 We may become subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 
 We or our licensor may be subject to claims that former employees, consultants, independent contractors, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our patents or other intellectual property as an owner, co-owner, inventor or co-inventor. The failure to name the proper inventors on a patent application can result in the patents issuing thereon being unenforceable. Inventorship disputes may arise from conflicting views regarding the contributions of different individuals named as inventors, the effects of foreign laws where foreign nationals are involved in the development of the subject matter of the patent, conflicting obligations of third parties involved in developing our product candidates or as a result of questions regarding co-ownership of potential joint inventions. In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees, consultants, advisors, contractors and other third parties who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property rights to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property rights to us, we or our licensors may be unsuccessful in executing such agreements with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property rights that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing or sufficient in scope, or the assignment agreements may be breached. Furthermore, individuals executing agreements with us may have preexisting or competing obligations to a third party, such as an academic institution, and thus an agreement with us or our licensors may be ineffective in perfecting ownership of inventions developed by that individual. Litigation may be necessary to resolve these and other claims challenging inventorship and/or ownership. Alternatively, or additionally, we may enter into agreements to clarify the scope of our rights in such intellectual property. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary 
 72 

damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 
 
 Patent rights are of limited duration. In the United States, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after its first effective non-provisional filing date. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a product, we may be open to competition from biosimilar or generic products. A patent term extension based on regulatory delay may be available in the United States. However, only a single patent can be extended for each marketing approval, and any patent can be extended only once, for a single product. Moreover, the scope of protection during the period of the patent term extension does not extend to the full scope of the claim, but instead only to the scope of the product as approved. Laws governing analogous patent term extensions in foreign jurisdictions vary widely, as do laws governing the ability to obtain multiple patents from a single patent family. Additionally, we may not receive an extension if we fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or restoration, or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the period during which we will have the right to exclusively market our product will be shortened and our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our revenue could be reduced, possibly materially. 
 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 We currently have two U.S. trademark registrations for EQUILLIUM respectively covering Classes 5 and 42, and one Canadian trademark registration for EQUILLIUM covering both Classes 5 and 42. Our current or future trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or descriptive determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names, which we need for name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. During trademark registration proceedings, we may receive rejections. Although we would be given an opportunity to respond to those rejections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively, and our business may be adversely affected. We may license our trademarks and trade names to third parties, such as distributors. Though these license agreements may provide guidelines for how our trademarks and trade names may be used, a breach of these agreements or misuse of our trademarks and tradenames by our licensees may jeopardize our rights in or diminish the goodwill associated with our trademarks and trade names. 
 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 
 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make product candidates that are similar to ours but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or have exclusively licensed; 

we or our licensors or future collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that we own or have exclusively licensed; 

we or our licensors or future collaborators might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

73 

issued patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 

our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; and 

the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Should any of these events occur, they could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Employees, Managing Our Growth and Other Legal Matters 
 We are highly dependent on the services of our key personnel. 
 We are highly dependent on the services of our key personnel, Bruce D. Steel, who serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer and Stephen Connelly, Ph.D., who serves as our Chief Scientific Officer. Although we have entered into agreements with them regarding their employment, they are not for a specific term and each of them may terminate their employment with us at any time, though we are not aware of any present intention of any of these individuals to leave us. 
 
 We expect to expand our development, regulatory and operational capabilities and, as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 36 full-time employees. As we advance the clinical development of EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001), and potentially other product candidates, we expect to experience significant growth in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations across a variety of areas including non-clinical research, clinical development, quality, regulatory affairs, pharmacovigilance, manufacturing and supply chain, as well as general and administrative functions. If EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001), or any future product candidates receive marketing approval, we would expect to add employees in sales, marketing and distribution. To manage our anticipated future growth, we must: 
 identify, recruit, integrate, maintain and motivate additional qualified personnel; 

identify and lease additional facilities; 

manage our development efforts effectively, including the initiation and conduct of clinical studies for EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) and any future product candidates; and 

improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

Our future financial performance and our ability to develop, manufacture and commercialize our product candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth, and our management may also have to divert financial and other resources, and a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time, to managing these growth activities. 
 
 We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain CROs, CMOs, other contract service providers, advisors and consultants to provide certain services, including assuming substantial responsibilities for the conduct of our ongoing and future clinical studies and the manufacture of EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) and any future product candidates. We cannot assure you that the services of such contract service providers, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by our vendors or consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical studies may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain marketing approval of our product candidates or otherwise advance our business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to properly manage our existing vendors or consultants or find other competent outside vendors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 
 
 If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by leasing additional facilities, hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. 
 74 

Our future success depends on our ability to retain key employees, consultants and advisors and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 
 
 Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover in recent years. Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biopharmaceuticals industry depends upon our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled and experienced personnel with scientific, medical, regulatory, manufacturing and management skills and experience. We conduct our operations primarily in the Greater San Diego Area region that is home to many other biopharmaceutical companies as well as many academic and research institutions, resulting in fierce competition for qualified personnel. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified personnel in the future due to the intense competition for a limited number of qualified personnel among biopharmaceutical companies. Many of the other biopharmaceutical companies against which we compete have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and a longer history in the industry than we do. Our competitors may provide higher compensation, more diverse opportunities and/or better opportunities for career advancement. Any or all of these competing factors may limit our ability to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, which could negatively affect our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates and to grow our business and operations as currently contemplated. 
 
 Third-party expectations relating to environmental, social and governance factors may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 
 In recent years, there has been an increased focus from certain investors, employees and other stakeholders concerning corporate responsibility, specifically related to environmental, social and governance, or ESG, factors. Third-party providers of ESG ratings and reports on companies have increased in number, resulting in varied and, in some cases, inconsistent standards. Topics taken into account in such assessments include, among others, the company s efforts and impacts with respect to climate change and human rights, ethics and compliance with the law, and the role of the company s board of directors in supervising various sustainability issues. 
 
 Some investors may use third-party ESG ratings and reports to guide their investment strategies and, in some cases, may choose not to invest in us if they believe our ESG practices are inadequate. The criteria by which companies ESG practices are assessed are evolving, which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. Alternatively, if we elect not to or are unable to satisfy new criteria or do not meet the criteria of a specific third-party provider, some investors may conclude that our policies with respect to ESG are inadequate and choose not to invest in us. 
 
 If our ESG practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees and our desirability as an investment or business partner could be negatively impacted. Similarly, our failure or perceived failure to adequately pursue or fulfill our goals and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could expose us to additional regulatory, social or other scrutiny of us, the imposition of unexpected costs, or damage to our reputation, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline. 
 
 Our employees, clinical study investigators, CROs, consultants, vendors and any potential commercial partners may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. 
 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, clinical study investigators, CROs, consultants, vendors and any potential commercial partners. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violates: (i) FDA laws and regulations or those of comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including those laws that require the reporting of true, complete and accurate information, (ii) manufacturing standards, (iii) federal and state health and data privacy, security, fraud and abuse, government price reporting, transparency reporting requirements, and other healthcare laws and regulations in the United States and abroad, (iv) sexual harassment and other workplace misconduct, or (v) laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. Such misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical studies, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a code of conduct applicable to all of our employees, as well as a disclosure program and other applicable policies and procedures, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or 
 75 

regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional integrity reporting and oversight obligations, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 
 Our internal information technology systems, or those of our CROs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, loss or leakage of data and other disruptions, which could result in a material disruption of our development programs, compromise sensitive information related to our business or prevent us from accessing critical information, potentially exposing us to liability or otherwise adversely affecting our business. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we may collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, processing) proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data, including personal data (such as health-related and biometric personal information), intellectual property, and trade secrets (collectively, sensitive information). 
 
 We may rely upon third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive information in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, third-party providers of cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, and other functions. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. We may share or receive sensitive information with or from third parties. 
 
 Cyberattacks, malicious internet-based activity, and online and offline fraud are prevalent and continue to increase. These threats are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. These threats come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors, and persons with authorized access to our systems (such as through mistakes, theft, or misuse). Threat actors, personnel, sophisticated nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyberattacks, including for geopolitical and/or military reasons. Specifically, we and the third parties we rely on may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of cyberattacks that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our goods and services. 
 
 We and the third parties we rely on may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks, credential stuffing, personnel misconduct or error, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. 
 
 Ransomware attacks, including by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. 
 
 Similarly, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems (including our products and services) or the third-party information technology systems that support us and our services. Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic and our remote workforce poses increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees work from home, utilizing network connections outside our premises. 
 
 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption, which could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our sensitive information. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our products and services. 
 
 We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities (including our clinical study activities) to try to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures, industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems 
 76 

and sensitive information. There can be no assurance that the security measures we and our third-party suppliers have implemented will be effective. We are not always able to detect vulnerabilities in our security controls, systems, or software (including third-party software we have installed on our systems). Further, we may experience delays in deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. Efforts to identify and remediate vulnerabilities, if any, in our information technology systems or software (including third-party software we have installed on our systems) may not be successful. 
 
 Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosures or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive information (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including the delay of development and commercialization of our product candidates); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences that we or our third party providers could experience may cause customers to stop using our products and services, deter new customers from using our products and services, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. 
 
 Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. 
 
 We are subject to stringent and changing obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse business consequences. 
 
 Our data processing activities, including information from study participants, may subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contractual provisions, and other obligations that govern the processing of personal data by us and on our behalf. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including federal health information privacy laws, state data breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws, that govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations of our collaborators. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties (including research institutions from which we obtain clinical study data) that are subject to privacy and security requirements under the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain, use, or disclose individually identifiable health information maintained by a HIPAA-covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA. 
 
 Additionally, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA, imposes obligations on covered businesses and could impact our operations. These obligations include, but are not limited to, providing specific disclosures in privacy notices and affording California residents certain rights related to their personal data. The CCPA allows for statutory fines for noncompliance (up to 7,500 per violation) and a private right of action for certain breaches. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or CPRA, effective January 1, 2023, will expand the CCPA. Additionally, the CPRA establishes a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the CPRA, which could increase the risk of enforcement. Other states have enacted data privacy laws. For example, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut, all have passed privacy laws that became effective in 2023. Additionally, several states and localities, as well as foreign jurisdictions, have enacted statutes banning or restricting the collection of biometric information. We collect biometric data that may subject us to biometric privacy laws. For example, the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act, or BIPA, regulates the collection, use, safeguarding, and storage of biometric information. BIPA provides for substantial penalties and statutory damages and have generated significant class action activity, and the cost of litigating and settling any claims that we have violated BIPA or similar laws could be significant. 
 
 Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards apply to data privacy and security, and could apply to our operations. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, or EU 
 77 

GDPR, and the United Kingdom s GDPR, or UK GDPR, impose strict requirements for processing personal data. For example, under the EU GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary or definitive bans on data processing, as well as fines of up to 20 million euros or 4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater. Further, individuals may initiate litigation related to processing of their personal data. 
 
 Certain jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal data transfer laws, which could make it more difficult to transfer information across jurisdictions (such as transferring or receiving personal data that originates in the EU or in other foreign jurisdictions). Existing mechanisms that facilitate cross-border personal data transfers may change or be invalidated. The European Commission released a set of Standard Contractual Clauses, or SCCs, that are a valid mechanism to transfer personal data outside of the EEA, but there exists some uncertainty regarding whether the SCCs will remain a valid mechanism. Additionally, the SCCs impose additional compliance burdens, such as conducting transfer impact assessments to determine whether additional security measures are necessary to protect the at-issue personal data. 
 
 In addition, the UK similarly restricts personal data transfers outside of those jurisdictions to countries, such as the United States, that do not provide an adequate level of personal data protection, and certain countries outside Europe (e.g. China) have also passed or are considering laws requiring local data residency or otherwise impeding the transfer of personal data across borders, any of which could increase the cost and complexity of doing business. The inability to import personal data to the United States could significantly and negatively impact our business operations, including by limiting our ability to conduct clinical study activities in Europe and elsewhere; limiting our ability to collaborate with parties that are subject to such cross-border data transfer or localization laws; or requiring us to increase our personal data processing capabilities and infrastructure in foreign jurisdictions at significant expense. 
 
 Although we endeavor to comply with all applicable data privacy and security obligations, we may at times fail to do so (or be perceived to have failed to have done so). Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties upon whom we rely on may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations and compliance posture. For example, any failure by a third-party processor to comply with applicable law, regulations, or contractual obligations could result in adverse effects, including inability to or interruption in our ability to operate our business and proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. Consequences for our failure to comply may include, but are not limited to, government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-related claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; orders to destroy or not use personal data; and imprisonment of company officials. 
 
 Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: loss of customers; interruptions or stoppages in our business operations (including, as relevant, clinical studies); inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or revision or restructuring of our operations. 
 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had aggregate U.S. federal net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards of approximately 116.4 million. Our U.S. federal NOLs generated in taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018 could expire unused. Under current U.S. federal income tax law, U.S. federal NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such U.S. federal NOLs is generally limited to 80 of taxable income. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the current U.S. federal income tax law. 
 
 In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or IRC, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage-point cumulative change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. It is possible that we have experienced one or more ownership changes in the past. In addition, we may also experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership some of which may be outside of our control. As a result, our ability to use our pre-ownership change NOL carryforwards to offset U.S. federal taxable income (if we earned net taxable income) and any other pre-ownership change tax attributes may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 
 
 78 

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act provides for amendments to IRC Section 174 which beginning in 2022, require taxpayers to capitalize their U.S. based and non-U.S. based research and experimental, or R E expenditures and amortize them over a period of five or fifteen years, respectively. Additionally, software development costs are specifically included as R E expenditures under Section 174(c)(3) and, therefore, will be subject to the same mandatory amortization period of five or fifteen years. Prior to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act amendment, Section 174 allowed taxpayers to either immediately deduct R E expenditures in the year paid or incurred or elect to capitalize and amortize over a period of at least 60 months. Section 174, as amended, may have a significant impact to our tax position in future years. 
 
 We conduct significant operations through our Australian wholly-owned subsidiary. If we lose our ability to operate in Australia, or if our subsidiary is unable to receive the research and development tax credit allowed by Australian regulations, our business and results of operations will suffer. 
 
 In January 2019, we formed a wholly-owned Australian subsidiary, Equillium Australia Pty Ltd, to initially conduct the clinical development of itolizumab (EQ001) for the treatment of uncontrolled asthma in Australia and New Zealand. That subsidiary is also conducting our current clinical studies of EQ101 and EQ102 and may conduct further clinical studies in the future. Due to the geographical distance and lack of employees currently in Australia, as well as our lack of experience operating in Australia, we may not be able to efficiently or successfully monitor, develop or commercialize our product candidates in Australia and New Zealand, including conducting clinical studies. Furthermore, we have no assurance that the results of any clinical studies that we conduct for our product candidates in Australia and New Zealand will be accepted by the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities for development and commercialization approvals. 
 
 In addition, current Australian tax regulations provide for a refundable research and development tax credit. If we lose our ability to operate Equillium Australia Pty Ltd in Australia, are ineligible or unable to receive the research and development tax credit, or receive a refund that is materially less than our expectations, or if the Australian government significantly reduces or eliminates the tax credit, our financial forecasts could be incorrect and our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 
 If we fail to comply with U.S. export control and economic sanctions, our business, financial condition and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our business and our products are subject to U.S. export control laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC. Our company must comply with these laws and regulations. The antibody sequence for itolizumab (EQ001) is derived from Cuban-origin intellectual property and thus we believe this to be a pharmaceutical of Cuban origin, which would make the import, development and commercialization of itolizumab (EQ001) subject to these laws, sanctions and regulations. We currently rely on a general license issued by OFAC under the Cuban Assets Control Regulations, or CACR, relating to Cuban-origin pharmaceuticals to import and conduct clinical studies relating to itolizumab (EQ001). In the absence of the OFAC general license, all of our development and potential commercialization activities for itolizumab (EQ001) would be prohibited under the CACR, and we would be required to request a specific license from OFAC authorizing such activities, which OFAC could deny. 
 
 We submitted to OFAC, and subsequently amended and supplemented, a request for interpretive guidance confirming the applicability of the general license to itolizumab (EQ001), or in its absence, a specific license authorization from OFAC authorizing activities relating to the commercialization of itolizumab (EQ001), or the Submission. We simultaneously requested that OFAC treat the Submission as a voluntary disclosure if OFAC concluded that our determination that the general license applies to itolizumab (EQ001) was in error. 
 
 In November 2019, OFAC notified us that after careful consideration, which included consultation with the FDA, OFAC determined that itolizumab (EQ001) falls within the definition of Cuban-origin pharmaceutical and, as such, the general licenses at section 515.547(b) and (c) of the CACR authorize the conduct of clinical studies for itolizumab (EQ001) for the purpose of seeking approval for the drug from the FDA. Thus, no further authorization is required from OFAC at this time for our ongoing and future clinical studies of itolizumab (EQ001). 
 
 Even though OFAC has concluded that the general license for Cuban-origin pharmaceuticals applies to itolizumab (EQ001), there can be no assurance that the general license will not be revoked or modified by OFAC in the future, or that we will remain in compliance with the general license or other export laws and regulations. If OFAC revokes or modifies the general license, or otherwise determines that the general license does not apply to itolizumab (EQ001), and OFAC then denies our request for a specific license or delays issuance of a specific license, we will be unable to deal in, or otherwise commercialize, itolizumab (EQ001). In that case, we would be required to cease operations related to itolizumab (EQ001), 
 79 

which would materially and adversely affect our financial condition and business prospects. In addition, in the absence of the general or specific license, the transfer, sale and/or purchase of our securities could be prohibited, and the ownership or possession of our securities could be subject to an affirmative OFAC reporting requirement relating to blocked property. Any violations of the CACR or other applicable export control and sanctions laws could subject us and certain of our employees to substantial civil or criminal penalties. 
 
 Changes in healthcare law and implementing regulations, as well as changes in healthcare policy, may impact our business in ways that we cannot currently predict and may have a significant adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 There have been, and continue to be, numerous legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Among policy makers and payors in the United States there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access and the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 
 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively the Affordable Care Act, substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both the government and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The Affordable Care Act, among other things: (i) introduced a average manufacturer price calculation for drugs and biologics that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected and that are not generally dispensed through retail community pharmacies; (ii) increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and expanded rebate liability from fee-for-service Medicaid utilization to include the utilization of Medicaid managed care organizations as well; (iii) established a branded prescription drug fee that pharmaceutical manufacturers of branded prescription drugs must pay to the federal government; (iv) expanded the list of covered entities eligible to participate in the 340B drug pricing program by adding new entities to the program; (v) established Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers currently must agree to offer 70 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable branded drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; (vi) expanded eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals, including individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; (vii) created a licensure framework for follow-on biologic products; and (viii) established a Center for Medicare Medicaid Innovation at the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending. 
 
 There have been judicial, Congressional and executive challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. For example, on June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court held in a 7-2 opinion that the states and individuals challenging the constitutionality of Affordable Care Act do not have standing to challenge the law. The U.S. Supreme Court did not reach the merits of the challenge regarding Affordable Care Act s constitutionality, but the decision ended the case. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the Affordable Care Act marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the Affordable Care Act. In addition, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the IRA into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in Affordable Care Act marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the Affordable Care Act will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the Affordable Care Act. We are continuing to monitor any changes to the Affordable Care Act that, in turn, may potentially impact our business in the future. 
 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. These changes include aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year pursuant to the Budget Control Act of 2011 and subsequent laws, which began in 2013 and will remain in effect until 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer 
 80 

price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. In January 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. New laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which may materially adversely affect customer demand and affordability for our products and, accordingly, the results of our financial operations. 
 
 Also, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over the manner in which pharmaceutical companies set prices for their marketed products, which have resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed federal legislation, as well as state efforts, designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. At the federal level, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (1) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to submit a report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. It is unclear whether this executive order or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future. At the state level, individual states in the United States are increasingly active in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. The IRA also included drug pricing reforms, which have the potential to adversely impact our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and could lessen the real or perceived value of our product candidates, which would negatively impact our business. 
 
 We expect that these and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and lower reimbursement, and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government-funded programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our drugs, once marketing approval is obtained. 
 
 If any of our services providers are characterized as employees, we would be subject to employment and tax withholding liabilities and other additional costs. 
 
 We rely on independent contractors to provide certain services to us. We structure our relationships with these outside services providers in a manner that we believe results in an independent contractor relationship, not an employee relationship. An independent contractor is generally distinguished from an employee by his or her degree of autonomy and independence in providing services. A high degree of autonomy and independence is generally indicative of an independent contractor relationship, while a high degree of control is generally indicative of an employment relationship. Tax or other regulatory authorities may challenge our characterization of services providers as independent contractors both under existing laws and regulations and under laws and regulations adopted in the future. We are aware of a number of judicial decisions and legislative proposals that could bring about major changes in the way workers are classified, including the California legislature s recent passage of California Assembly Bill 5, which California Governor Gavin Newsom signed into law in September 2019, or AB 5, and Assembly Bill 2257, or AB 2257, which went into effect in September 2020 and amended certain portions of AB 5. AB 5 and AB 2257 are often referred to collectively simply as AB 5. AB 5 purports to codify the holding of the California Supreme Court s unanimous decision in Dynamex Operations West, Inc. v. Superior Court of Los Angeles, which introduced a new test for determining worker classification that is widely viewed as expanding the scope of employee relationships and narrowing the scope of independent contractor relationships. While AB 5 exempts certain licensed health care professionals, including physicians and psychologists, not all of our independent contractors work in exempt occupations. Given AB 5 s recent passage, there is little guidance from the regulatory authorities charged with its enforcement and there is a significant degree of uncertainty regarding its application. In addition, AB 5 has been the subject 
 81 

of widespread national discussion and it is possible that other jurisdictions might enact similar laws. As a result, there is significant uncertainty regarding what the state, federal and foreign worker classification regulatory landscape will look like in future years. The current economic climate indicates that the debate over worker classification will continue for the foreseeable future. If such regulatory authorities or state, federal or foreign courts were to determine that our services providers are employees and not independent contractors, we would, among other things, be required to withhold income taxes, to withhold and pay Social Security, Medicare and similar taxes, to pay unemployment and other related payroll taxes, and to provide certain employee benefits. We could also be liable for unpaid past taxes and other costs and subject to penalties. As a result, any determination that the service providers we characterize as independent contractors should be classified as employees could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject to applicable foreign, federal and state fraud and abuse, transparency, government price reporting, and other healthcare laws and regulations. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 
 Healthcare providers and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any future product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may affect the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct research and would market, sell and distribute our products. Even though we do not and will not control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors, federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients rights are and will be applicable to our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute has also been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other the other hand. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution. Additionally, the intent standard under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Affordable Care Act such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the Affordable Care Act codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act, or FCA; 

federal civil and criminal false claims laws, such as the FCA which can be enforced by private citizens, on behalf of the government, through civil qui tam actions, and civil monetary penalty laws prohibits individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false, fictitious or fraudulent claims for payment or approval by the federal government, including federal health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or knowingly making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. In addition, manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. Criminal prosecution is also possible for making or presenting a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim to the federal government. Government enforcement agencies and private whistleblowers have investigated pharmaceutical companies for or asserted liability under the FCA for a variety of alleged promotional and marketing activities, such as providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product, providing consulting fees and other benefits to physicians to induce them to prescribe products, engaging in promotion for off-label uses, and submitting inflated best price information to the Medicaid Rebate Program; 

HIPAA, among other things, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or representation, in connection with the delivery of or 

82 

payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Like the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the Affordable Care Act amended the intent standard for certain healthcare fraud statutes under HIPAA such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

HIPAA, as amended by HITECH and their implementing regulations, which imposes privacy, security and breach reporting obligations with respect to individually identifiable health information upon entities subject to the law, such as health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and certain healthcare providers, known as covered entities, and their respective business associates and their subcontractors that perform services for them that involve individually identifiable health information. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in U.S. federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions; 

the U.S. federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs, biologics and medical devices; 

the Public Health Service Act, which prohibits, among other things, the introduction of a biological product into interstate commerce without an approved BLA; 

federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; 

the federal transparency requirements under the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under the Affordable Care Act, which requires, among other things, certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies reimbursed under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program to annually report to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services information related to payments and other transfers of value provided to physicians, as defined by such law, other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals and physician ownership and investment interests, including such ownership and investment interests held by a physician s immediate family members; 

state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, that may impose similar or more prohibitive restrictions, and may apply to items or services reimbursed by any non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; and 

state and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs and comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government; track and report gifts, compensation and other remuneration provided to physicians, other health care providers, and certain health care entities; report information related to drug pricing; and/or ensure the registration and compliance of sales personnel. In addition, we may be subject to federal, state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information or personally identifiable information in certain circumstances, including state health information privacy and data breach notification laws which govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not pre-empted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

We have entered into consulting and scientific advisory board arrangements with physicians and other healthcare providers, including some who could influence the use of EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) and any future product candidates, if approved. Because of the complex and far-reaching nature of these laws, regulatory agencies may view these transactions as prohibited arrangements that must be restructured, or discontinued, or for which we could be subject to other significant penalties. We could be adversely affected if regulatory agencies interpret our financial relationships with providers who may influence the ordering of and use of EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) or any future product candidates, if approved, to be in violation of applicable laws. 
 
 The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies, healthcare providers and other third parties, including charitable foundations, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. It is possible that governmental authorities may conclude that our business practices, including our consulting arrangements with physicians, some of whom receive stock options as compensation for services provided, do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable healthcare laws. Responding to investigations can be time and 
 83 

resource-consuming and can divert management s attention from the business. Any such investigation or settlement could increase our costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Ensuring that our business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will likely be costly. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other current or future governmental laws and regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could substantially disrupt our operations. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. 
 
 We are subject to certain U.S. and certain foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions, and other trade laws and regulations. We can face serious consequences for violations. 
 
 U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions, and other trade laws and regulations, or collectively Trade Laws, prohibit, among other things, companies and their employees, agents, CROs, legal counsel, accountants, consultants, contractors, and other partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting, or receiving, directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to or from recipients in the public or private sector. Violations of Trade Laws can result in substantial criminal fines and civil penalties, imprisonment, the loss of trade privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm, and other consequences. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities, and other organizations. We also expect our non-U.S. activities to increase over time. We expect to rely on contract service providers for research, preclinical studies, and clinical studies and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other marketing approvals. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our personnel, agents, or partners, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have prior knowledge of such activities. Any violations of the laws and regulations described above may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm and other consequences. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 The stock price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 our operating performance and the performance of other similar companies; 

delays or other adverse impacts to our clinical studies from global health epidemics or outbreaks, such as those related to COVID-19; 

our ability to enroll and retain subjects in our ongoing and future clinical studies; 

results from our ongoing and future clinical studies with our current and future product candidates, and the results of the clinical studies of our competitors or of Biocon; 

adverse events observed in our clinical studies or in the clinical studies, exploratory studies, or other clinical uses of itolizumab supported by Biocon or third parties or during post-approval use of itolizumab; 

the timing of data from our ongoing and planned clinical studies of EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001); 

changes in our projected operating results that we provide to the public, our failure to meet these projections or changes in recommendations by securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock; 

regulatory or legal developments of ours, our competitors or Biocon s; 

the level of expenses related to future product candidates or clinical development programs; 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

84 

our ability to achieve product development goals in the timeframe we announce; 

announcements of clinical study results, regulatory developments, acquisitions or mergers, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us, by our competitors, or by Biocon; 

the success or failure of our efforts to acquire, license or develop additional product candidates; 

recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

the economy as a whole and market conditions in our industry; 

trading activity by a limited number of stockholders who together beneficially own a substantial proportion of our outstanding common stock; 

the size of our market float; and 

any other factors discussed in this report. 

In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, bank failures and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many life sciences companies. Stock prices of many biopharmaceutical companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, stockholders have filed securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaboration and license agreements, such as our Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. 
 
 In March 2020, we entered into the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, we may sell to Lincoln Park up to 15.0 million of shares of our common stock, from time to time over the 36-month term of the Purchase Agreement, and we issued an additional 65,374 shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park as commitment shares under the Purchase Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not sold any shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement will expire on May 1, 2023. 
 
 Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Subject to limited exceptions, our Loan Agreement also prohibits us from incurring indebtedness without the prior written consent of the lenders. 
 
 If we raise funds through collaboration and license agreements with third parties, such as our Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 
 If there are substantial sales of shares of our common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. 
 
 The price of our common stock could decline if there are substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders, or if there is a large number of shares of our common stock available for sale and the market perceives that sales will occur. As of March 16, 2023, we had 34,414,149 shares of our common stock outstanding. Shares held by directors, executive officers and other affiliates will be subject to volume limitations under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. We have registered shares of common stock that we have issued and may issue under our employee equity incentive plans, which shares may be sold freely in the public market upon issuance. Sales of our common stock by current stockholders may make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities 
 85 

in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate, and make it more difficult for other stockholders to sell shares of our common stock. 
 
 The market price of the shares of our common stock could decline as a result of the sale of a substantial number of our shares of common stock in the public market or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 
 The concentration of our stock ownership will likely limit your ability to influence corporate matters, including the ability to influence the outcome of director elections and other matters requiring stockholder approval. 
 
 Our executive officers, directors and the holders of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, in the aggregate, beneficially own a significant percentage of our common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, will have significant influence over all matters that require approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. Corporate actions might be taken even if other stockholders oppose them. This concentration of ownership might also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company that other stockholders may view as beneficial. 
 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in our control or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Among other things, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws: 
 permit our board of directors to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with any rights, preferences and privileges as they may designate (including the right to approve an acquisition or other change in our control); 

provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors; 

provide that the board of directors or any individual director may only be removed with cause and the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of the voting power of all of our then outstanding common stock; 

provide that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; 

divide our board of directors into three classes; 

require that any action to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and not be taken by written consent; 

provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide notice in writing in a timely manner and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice; 

do not provide for cumulative voting rights (therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose); 

provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board, our Chief Executive Officer or by the board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; and 

provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law; (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors or officers to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. These provisions would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. 

86 

The amendment of any of these provisions, with the exception of the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and designate any rights, preferences and privileges thereto, would require approval by the holders of at least 66-2/3 of our then-outstanding common stock. In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. These provisions may prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us for a certain period of time. A Delaware corporation may opt out of this provision by express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or by amendment to its certificate of incorporation or bylaws approved by its stockholders. However, we have not opted out of this provision. 
 
 These and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirors to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by our then-current board of directors, including delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. The existence of these provisions could negatively affect the price of our common stock and limit opportunities for you to realize value in a corporate transaction. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 

any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; 

any action asserting a claim against us arising under the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws; and 

any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine. 

This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid and several state study courts have enforced such provisions and required that suits asserting Securities Act claims be filed in federal court, there is no guarantee that courts of appeal will affirm the enforceability of such provisions and a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find either exclusive forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with litigating Securities Act claims in state court, or both state and federal court, which could seriously harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could seriously harm our business. 
 
 87 

General Risk Factors 
 
 As a public company in the United States, we incur significant legal and financial compliance costs and we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We can provide no assurance that we will, at all times, in the future be able to report that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective. 
 
 Companies that file reports with the SEC, including us, are subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Section 404 requires management to establish and maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting, and annual reports on Form 10-K filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, must contain a report from management assessing the effectiveness of a company s internal control over financial reporting. Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis remains a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. Failure on our part to have effective internal financial and accounting controls would cause our financial reporting to be unreliable, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition, and could cause our stock price to decline as a result. 
 
 If we cannot conclude that we have effective internal control over our financial reporting, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide an unqualified opinion regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. Failure to comply with reporting requirements could also subject us to sanctions and/or investigations by the SEC, The Nasdaq Global Market or other regulatory authorities. 
 
 Furthermore, stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, any new regulations or disclosure obligations may increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 
 
 We or the parties upon whom we depend on may be adversely affected by earthquakes, fires, other natural disasters, or other sudden, unforeseen and severe adverse events, including public health events, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 
 
 Our headquarters and main research facility are located in the Greater San Diego Area, which in the past has experienced severe earthquakes and fires. If these earthquakes, fires, other natural disasters, terrorism and similar unforeseen events beyond our control prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters or research facility, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. We do not have a disaster recovery or business continuity plan in place and may incur substantial expenses as a result of the absence or limited nature of our internal or third party service provider disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which, particularly when taken together with our lack of earthquake insurance, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, integral parties in our supply chain are operating from single sites, increasing their vulnerability to natural disasters or other sudden, unforeseen and severe adverse events, including public health events such as the COVID-19 pandemic that could impact our business. If such an event were to affect our supply chain, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our clinical studies, our development plans and business. For example, in March 2020, due to the spread of the coronavirus, the Indian government restricted the export of 26 active pharmaceutical ingredients and the medicines made from them. These export restrictions are indefinite and may be expanded. If the export restrictions are expanded to include itolizumab (EQ001), our supply of itolizumab (EQ001) may be disrupted, delayed or stopped indefinitely and our ability to continue development of itolizumab (EQ001), including our ongoing clinical studies, may be significantly impacted and may result in higher costs of drug product and adversely harm our business. 
 
 Changes in patent law in the United States and other jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 
 
 As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents relating to our research programs and product candidates. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involves both technological and legal complexity and is therefore costly, time consuming and inherently uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States or USPTO rules and regulations could increase the uncertainties and costs. Recent patent reform legislation in the United States and other countries, including the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, signed into law on September 16, 2011, could increase those 
 88 

uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art and provide more efficient and cost-effective avenues for competitors to challenge the validity of patents. These include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review, and derivation proceedings. After March 2013, under the Leahy-Smith Act, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that the other statutory requirements are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications, our ability to obtain future patents, and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the U.S. courts, the USPTO and the relevant law-making bodies in other countries, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. 
 
 Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and could limit our commercialization of any product candidates that we may develop. 
 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) and any future product candidates in human clinical studies and will face an even greater risk if we commercially sell any products that we may develop. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) or any future product candidates or products caused injuries, we could incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 
 delay or termination of clinical studies; 

decreased demand for any product candidates or products that we may develop; 

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 

withdrawal of clinical study subjects; 

initiation of investigations by regulators; 

significant costs to defend the related litigation and diversion of management s time and our resources; 

substantial monetary awards to clinical study subjects or patients; 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, or marketing or promotional restrictions; 

loss of revenue; and 

the inability to commercialize any products that we may develop. 

We currently have product liability insurance. However, the amount of insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. We anticipate that we will need to increase our insurance coverage as EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) and any future product candidates advance through clinical studies and if we successfully commercialize any products. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. 
 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could affect the tax treatment of our domestic and foreign earnings. Any new taxes could adversely affect our domestic and international business operations, and our business and financial performance. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. For example, on December 22, 2017, U.S. federal income tax legislation was signed into law (H.R. 1, An Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018 ), informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, that 
 89 

significantly revised the IRC. Future guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities with respect to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act may affect us, and certain aspects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act could be repealed or modified in future legislation. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act modified Internal Revenue Code Section 174 to require taxpayers U.S. based and non-U.S. based R E expenditures to be capitalized and amortized over a period of five or fifteen years, respectively. Prior to the Tax Cuts and Job Act amendment, Section 174 allowed taxpayers to either immediately deduct R E expenditures in the year paid or incurred, or elect to capitalize and amortize over a period of at least 60 months. Unless the United States Department of the Treasury issues regulations that narrow the application of this provision to a smaller subset of our research and development expenses or the provision is deferred, modified, or repealed by Congress, it could harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. The actual impact of this provision will depend on multiple factors, including the amount of research and development expenses we will incur, whether we achieve sufficient income to fully utilize such deductions and whether we conduct our research and development activities inside or outside the United States. 
 
 Legislation enacted on March 27, 2020, entitled the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act, modified certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. In addition, the recently enacted IRA includes provisions that will impact the U.S. federal income taxation of corporations, including imposing a minimum tax on the book income of certain large corporations and an excise tax on certain corporate stock repurchases that would be imposed on the corporation repurchasing such stock. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the CARES Act or the IRA. We do not expect the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act or the CARES Act to have a material impact on our current projection of minimal cash taxes for the near future. However, we continue to examine the impact that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the CARES Act and the IRA may have on our business in the longer term. We urge prospective investors to consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to this legislation and the potential tax consequences of investing in or holding our common stock. 
 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 
 We, and the third parties with whom we share our facilities, are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Each of our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological and radioactive materials. Each of our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. We could be held liable for any resulting damages in the event of contamination or injury resulting from the use of hazardous materials by us or the third parties with whom we share our facilities, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 
 
 Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biological, hazardous or radioactive materials. 
 
 In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research and development. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 
 90 

Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 
 We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. We designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reasonably assure that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. 
 
 We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. 
 
 These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. For example, our directors or executive officers could inadvertently fail to disclose a new relationship or arrangement causing us to fail to make any related party transaction disclosures. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. In addition, we do not have a risk management program or processes or procedures for identifying and addressing risks to our business in other areas. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended, or JOBS Act, and we intend to take advantage of some of the exemptions from reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including: 
 being permitted to provide only two years of audited financial statements, in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements, with correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations disclosure; 

not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; 

not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements; 

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation; and 

not being required to hold a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation or obtain stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

In addition, as an emerging growth company the JOBS Act allows us to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period under the JOBS Act. 
 
 We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering (i.e. December 31, 2023), (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 
 We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future, including due to limitations that are currently imposed by our Loan Agreement. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. Consequently, stockholders must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 91 

We could be subject to securities class action litigation. 
 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biopharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We lease approximately 1,750 square feet of space for our current headquarters in La Jolla, California under a lease that expires in February 2027. We also lease additional office and laboratory spaces in La Jolla, California, under leases with various expiration dates, with the latest extending through February 2027. We had been leasing office space in South San Francisco, California which expired at the end of February 2023 and was not renewed. 
 We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current needs, and that suitable additional alternative spaces will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 None. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 92 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol EQ on October 12, 2018. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of March 16, 2023, there were approximately 46 stockholders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust or by other entities. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, including due to limitations that are currently imposed by our Loan Agreement. Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other factors, our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Our Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information about our equity compensation plans will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 Item 6. [ R eserved] 
 93 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the section entitled Selected Financial Data and our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors and in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Please also see the section entitled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company leveraging a deep understanding of immunobiology to develop novel therapeutics to treat severe autoimmune and inflammatory, or immuno-inflammatory, disorders with high unmet medical need. Our strategy is focused on advancing the clinical development of our product candidates, including potentially pursuing additional indications and acquiring new product candidates and platforms to expand our pipeline. We intend to commercialize our product candidates either independently or through partnerships or otherwise monetize our pipeline through strategic transactions. 
 
 Our current clinical-stage product candidates consist of EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001). EQ101 and EQ102 are synthetic peptides engineered to specifically inhibit key disease-driving, clinically validated cytokine targets aimed at addressing unmet needs across a range of immuno-inflammatory indications. EQ101 is a first-in class, selective, tri-specific inhibitor of IL-2, IL-9 and IL-15, and EQ102 is a first-in class, selective, bi-specific inhibitor of IL-15 and IL-21. Itolizumab (EQ001) is a first-in-class monoclonal antibody that selectively targets the immune checkpoint receptor CD6, which plays a central role in the modulation of effector T cell, or T eff cell, activity and trafficking that drives a number of immuno-inflammatory diseases across multiple therapeutic areas. Our novel and differentiated pipeline of first-in-class immunology assets has the potential to address unmet medical needs in numerous areas, including dermatology, gastroenterology, transplant science, hematology, rheumatology, oncology and pulmonology. 
 
 We acquired the exclusive worldwide rights to EQ101 and EQ102 through the acquisition of Bioniz in February 2022. Through the acquisition we expanded our immunology pipeline with first-in-class immuno-inflammatory product candidates across a range of development stages and obtained a proprietary platform for discovering additional, novel multi-cytokine targeting product candidates. 
 
 On December 5, 2022, we entered into the Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono pursuant to which we granted Ono an exclusive option to acquire our rights to itolizumab (EQ001) or the Option. These rights include all therapeutic indications and the rights to commercialize itolizumab (EQ001) in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. In exchange for the Option, Ono paid us a one-time, upfront payment of an amount equal to JPY 3.5 billion, or 26.4 million. 
 
 If Ono exercises the Option, Ono will pay us a one-time, payment of an amount equal to JPY 5.0 billion, or approximately 37.2 million based on the currency exchange rate quoted by MUFG Bank, Ltd on March 16, 2023. We are also eligible to receive up to 101.4 million upon the achievement of certain development and commercialization milestones. 
 
 Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, we are responsible for conducting all research and development of itolizumab (EQ001), which will be funded by Ono on a quarterly basis from July 1, 2022 through the option period. Unless terminated early, the option period will expire three months following the delivery of topline data from the EQUALISE clinical study in LN and interim data from the EQUATOR Phase 3 clinical study in aGVHD. 
 
 The Asset Purchase Agreement can be terminated at any time by Ono upon written notice, provided that in limited circumstances Ono will be obligated to continue to reimburse us for research and development costs and expenses of itolizumab (EQ001) for a certain period of time following such termination. If Ono does not timely exercise its Option, the Asset Purchase Agreement and the Option will automatically terminate. The Asset Purchase Agreement also contains customary termination rights for both parties for material breach and an outside date (subject to limited adjustments) that permits either party to terminate the Asset Purchase Agreement if the closing has not occurred by December 31, 2025. 
 
 We are focused on developing EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001) as potential best-in-class, disease modifying treatments for multiple severe immuno-inflammatory disorders and currently have active clinical development programs with all three assets. 
 
 94 

In March 2022, we initiated EQUATOR, a global Phase 3 pivotal clinical study of itolizumab (EQ001) in 200 patients with aGVHD. The decision to initiate the EQUATOR study was based on findings from our completed Phase 1b clinical study in aGVHD, called EQUATE, and feedback from both the FDA and leading physicians in the field of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. 
 
 In September 2022, we initiated a Phase 1 first-in-human clinical study of EQ102 administered SC in up to 64 healthy volunteers in Australia. We are planning an additional part to the study which will evaluate the biological activity of EQ102 in subjects with celiac disease. 
 
 In November 2022, we initiated a Phase 2 proof-of-concept clinical study of EQ101 that is expected to enroll approximately 30 subjects with alopecia areata in Australia. 
 
 We are conducting the Type B portion of EQUALISE, a Phase 1b proof-of-concept clinical study of itolizumab (EQ001) in patients with lupus/LN. The ongoing Type B portion of the study will evaluate up to 20 newly diagnosed or refractory LN patients who will be treated with itolizumab (EQ001) for up to 24 weeks. The Type A portion of the study has been completed, and was a MAD study involving 35 SLE patients to evaluate the safety, tolerability, PK/PD and clinical activity of itolizumab (EQ001) administered SC. 
 
 We are also collaborating with Biocon and co-funding a Phase 2 clinical study of itolizumab in subjects with ulcerative colitis. The study, which is being conducted by Biocon in India and commenced in November 2022, is a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical study in up to 30 subjects to evaluate the safety and efficacy of itolizumab in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis. 
 
 We have a proprietary product discovery platform that we can leverage to design novel peptides to target and inhibit multiple cytokines that are involved in validated biological and disease pathways. We also have ongoing translational biology programs to assess the therapeutic utility of our product candidates in additional indications where the mechanism of action is believed to play an important role in the pathogenesis of a particular disease. Our selection of current and future indications is driven by our analysis of the scientific, translational, clinical and commercial rationale for advancing our product candidates into further development. 
 
 Since our inception, substantially all of our efforts have been focused on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, in-licensing rights to itolizumab (EQ001), conducting non-clinical research, filing three INDs, conducting clinical development of our product candidates, conducting business development activities such as the acquisition of Bioniz, the Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono and other transactions not completed, and the general and administrative activities associated with operating a public company. Furthermore, in connection with the acquisition of Bioniz, we expanded our pipeline from one product candidate to three product candidates, all at various stages of development. This expansion may accelerate the rate at which our operating losses increase as we incur costs to further the development and seek regulatory approval for these product candidates. In 2022, we generated revenue from the Asset Purchase Agreement related to the one-time, upfront payment from Ono in exchange for the Option as well as from the itolizumab (EQ001) development funding from Ono. We have not generated any revenue from product sales, milestone payments or royalties. Since inception, we have primarily financed our operations through our initial public offering, or IPO, a follow-on public offering, a registered direct offering, private placements of convertible promissory notes, term loans and sales of our common stock through at-the-market sales agreements, or ATM offerings, with Jefferies LLC, or Jefferies, and revenue generated from the Asset Purchase Agreement. 
 
 We have incurred losses since our inception. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our net losses were 62.4 million and 39.1 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 172.4 million. Substantially all of our operating losses resulted from expenses incurred in connection with our research and development activities, non-clinical and clinical activities and general and administrative costs associated with our operations. 
 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing losses into the foreseeable future. We anticipate our expenses will increase substantially as we advance our research and development activities, including the ongoing and future clinical development of EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001), potentially expand the indications in which we conduct clinical development of our product candidates, potentially acquire additional products and/or product candidates, seek regulatory approval for and potentially commercialize any approved product candidates, hire additional personnel, protect our intellectual property, incur increasing expenses associated with our outstanding debt, and incur general corporate costs. We expect that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 31, 2022 will enable us to fund our operations into 2025. 
 
 95 

We do not expect to generate any revenues from product sales unless and until we successfully complete development and obtain regulatory approval for EQ101, EQ102, or any future product candidate, which is unlikely to happen within the next 12 months, if ever. Further, under the Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono, our revenues related to itolizumab (EQ001) are limited to the upfront option fee already received, reimbursement of our development costs of itolizumab (EQ001) during the option period, and the potential option exercise fee and potential milestone payments. If Ono does not exercise its Option, we would not expect to generate any revenues from product sales of itolizumab (EQ001) unless and until we successfully complete development and obtain regulatory approval for itolizumab (EQ001), which is unlikely to happen within the next 12 months, if ever. Accordingly, until such time as we can generate significant revenue from sales of our product candidates, if ever, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, and collaboration and license agreements, such as our Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono. However, we may not be able to secure additional financing or enter into such other arrangements in a timely manner or on favorable terms, if at all. As a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, bank failures, inflationary pressures on the economy and monetary policy responses by government agencies and other macroeconomic factors, the global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility, including diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. If equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain, more costly and/or more dilutive. In addition, subject to limited exceptions, our loan and security agreement with Oxford Finance LLC and SVB also prohibits us from incurring indebtedness without the prior written consent of the lenders, which consent may be withheld at their sole and absolute discretion. On March 10, 2023, the FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of SVB. At the time the FDIC took control, we held assets valued at approximately 8.2 million in a sweep account with SVB. We received full access to those funds on March 13, 2023. As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have full access to and control over all of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. In addition, because a substantial majority of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are held at a financial institution unaffiliated with SVB, we do not expect any material impact to our operations directly related to the closure of SVB, but we may in the future be adversely impacted, including having to repay all outstanding amounts owed under the Loan Agreement or in receiving timely consent to incur additional indebtedness. Our failure to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and could force us to delay, reduce or terminate our research and development programs or other operations, or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 Financial Overview 
 Revenue 
 To date, we have not generated any revenues from therapeutic product sales, developmental milestones or royalties. In 2022, our revenues were derived from an upfront payment under the Asset Purchase Agreement as well as from development funding from Ono. In the future, we may generate revenue from collaboration or license agreements we may enter into with respect to our product candidates, including further revenue such as development funding and potential option exercise and milestone payments from the Asset Purchase Agreement, as well as product sales from any approved product, which approval is unlikely to happen within the next 12 months, if ever. Our ability to generate product revenues will depend on the successful development and eventual commercialization of EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) if Ono does not exercise its option, and any future product candidates. If we fail to complete the development of EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) or any future product candidates in a timely manner, or to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our ability to generate future revenue and our results of operations and financial position would be materially adversely affected. 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 
 On December 5, 2022, we entered into the Asset Purchase Agreement pursuant to which we granted Ono the Option in exchange for a one-time, upfront payment of an amount equal to JPY 3.5 billion, or 26.4 million. These rights include all therapeutic indications and the rights to commercialize itolizumab in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. 
 If Ono exercises the Option, we will receive JPY 5.0 billion, or approximately 37.2 million based on the currency exchange rate quoted by MUFG Bank, Ltd. on March 16, 2023. We are also eligible to receive up to 101.4 million upon achievement of certain development and commercialization milestones. 
 We are responsible for conducting all research and development of itolizumab, which will be funded by Ono on a quarterly basis from July 1, 2022, through the option period. Unless terminated early, the option period will expire three months following the delivery of topline data from the EQUALISE clinical study in LN and interim data from the EQUATOR Phase 3 clinical study in aGVHD. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 15.8 million of revenue under the Asset Purchase Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, aggregate deferred revenue related to the Asset Purchase Agreement was 25.1 million. 
 96 

Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses primarily consist of costs associated with our non-clinical research and clinical development of our product candidates. Our research and development expenses include: 
 salaries and other related costs, including stock-based compensation and benefits, for personnel in research and development functions; 

per patient clinical study costs; 

external research and development expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as consultants and advisors for research and development; 

costs of services performed by third parties, such as contract research organizations, or CROs, that conduct research and development activities on our behalf; 

costs related to preparing and filing three INDs with the FDA and other regulatory interactions and submissions; 

pharmacovigilance costs related to global drug safety monitoring and reporting; 

external expenses related to chemistry, manufacturing, and controls, or CMC and supply of drug product; and 

costs related to general overhead expenses such as travel, insurance, rent expenses, lab supplies and equipment associated with our research and development activities. 

We expense research and development costs as incurred. We account for nonrefundable advance payments for goods and services that will be used in future research and development activities as expenses when the service has been performed or when the goods have been received. 
 Our direct research and development expenses consist principally of external costs, such as fees paid to CROs and consultants in connection with our non-clinical research and clinical development. 
 We recognize the Australian Research and Development Tax Incentive, or the Tax Incentive, as a reduction of research and development expense. The amounts are determined based on our eligible research and development expenditures and are non-refundable, provided that in order to qualify for the Tax Incentive the filing entity must have revenue of less than AUD 20.0 million during the tax year for which a reimbursement claim is made and cannot be controlled by an income tax exempt entity. The Tax Incentive is recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the Tax Incentive will be received, the relevant expenditure has been incurred, and the amount can be reliably measured or reliably estimated. 
 We plan to substantially increase our research and development expenses for the foreseeable future as we advance the development of EQ101, EQ102, and itolizumab (EQ001) if Ono does not exercise its option, potentially expand the number of indications for which we are developing those product candidates, and potentially acquire or develop new product candidates. The successful development of EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001) is highly uncertain. At this time, due to the inherently unpredictable nature of pre-clinical and clinical development, we cannot reasonably estimate the nature, timing or costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the remainder of the development of our product candidates or the period, if any, in which material net cash inflows from the sales from our product candidates may commence. Clinical development timelines, the probability of success, and development costs can differ materially from expectations. 
 Completion of clinical studies may take several years or more, and the length of time generally varies according to the type, complexity, novelty, and intended use of a product candidate. The cost of clinical studies may vary significantly over the life of a project as a result of differences arising during clinical development, including, among others: 
 per patient clinical study costs; 

the number of clinical studies required for approval; 

the number of sites and the number of countries included in our clinical studies; 

the length of time required to enroll suitable patients; 

the inefficiencies and additional costs related to any delays and potential restarts of clinical studies; 

97 

the number of doses that patients receive; 

the number of patients that participate in our clinical studies; 

the drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients in our clinical studies; 

the duration of patient follow-up; 

potential additional safety monitoring or other studies requested by regulatory agencies; 

the number and complexity of procedures, analyses and tests performed during our clinical studies; 

the costs of procuring drug product for our clinical studies; 

the phase of development of the product candidate; and 

the efficacy and safety profile of the product candidate. 

Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expenses 
 
 Acquired in-process research and development expense consist of the cost to acquire the rights to develop new product candidates associated with the Bioniz acquisition as those product candidates acquired were deemed to have no alternative future use. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other related costs, including stock-based compensation and benefits, and consulting fees for executive, human resources, investor relations, finance, and accounting functions. Other significant costs include legal fees relating to patent and corporate matters, insurance, travel, board expenses, facility costs and taxes. 
 We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in future periods, reflecting an expanding infrastructure, increased legal, audit, tax and other professional fees associated with being a public company and maintaining compliance with stock exchange listing and SEC requirements, director and officer insurance premiums associated with being a public company, and accounting and investor relations costs. In addition, if we obtain regulatory approval for any product candidate, we expect to incur expenses associated with building the infrastructure and capabilities to commercialize such product. However, the timing of any such approval is highly uncertain, and it may be several years, if ever, that we receive any such regulatory approval. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest and amortization of discounts on our outstanding term loans payable. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest income earned on cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, and is recognized when earned. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net consists primarily of a foreign currency transaction gain related to the Ono upfront payment which was denominated in JPY and net foreign currency gains and losses related to our Australian subsidiary. 
 98 

Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Revenue 

15,759 

- 

15,759 

Research and development 

37,547 

26,379 

11,168 

Acquired in-process research and development 

23,049 

- 

23,049 

General and administrative 

17,239 

11,407 

5,832 

Interest expense 

(1,053) 

(1,073) 

20 

Interest income 

420 

57 

363 

Other income (expense), net 

281 

(250) 

531 

Revenue 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized revenue of 15.8 million under our Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono. Amortization of the upfront payment represented 4.0 million, and development funding from July 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 represented 11.8 million. There was no revenue recognized in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 37.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 26.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in research and development expense primarily includes the following changes: 
 7.3 million increase in clinical development expenses, primarily driven by start-up expenses related to our EQUATOR clinical study and to a lesser extent start-up expenses for our EQ102 and EQ101 clinical studies including costs associated with the purchase of drug substance and drug product for these studies, partially offset by lower costs for our other itolizumab (EQ001) clinical studies; 

2.7 million increase in non-clinical research expenses; 

1.3 million increase in employee compensation and benefits; 

0.4 million of transaction costs associated with the Bioniz asset acquisition, primarily legal expenses; 

0.4 million increase in consulting expenses to support our research and development activities; and 

0.9 million decrease in research and development expenses associated with the recording of a Tax Incentive benefit from the Australian Tax Office, or ATO, as a reduction to research and development expenses associated with our EQ101 and EQ102 clinical studies being conducted in Australia. 

Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expenses 
 
 There were 23.0 million of acquired in-process research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulting from accounting for the Bioniz acquisition as an asset acquisition where the product candidates acquired were determined to have no alternative future use. The consideration in excess of the tangible net liabilities acquired was expensed. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 17.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 11.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in general and administrative expense primarily includes the following changes: 
 2.4 million increase in legal fees related to business development activities; 

1.4 million increase in employee compensation and benefits; 

99 

0.8 million increase in consulting expenses related to our increased business development activities in 2022; 

0.7 million increase in costs related to the write-off of the capitalized issuance costs associated with our Open Market Sale Agreement with Jefferies as well as with our Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park that we believe is unlikely to be used prior to its expiration in May 2023; and 

0.5 million increase in overhead. 

Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 1.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest expense consists of interest on our term notes payable. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income was 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest income was primarily due to higher interest rates on our short-term investments during 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income, net was 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to other expense, net of 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change during 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by a realized foreign currency gain of 0.6 million on the Ono upfront payment of JPY 3.5 billion due to the strengthening of the Japanese Yen between the time of invoicing and cash receipt, partially offset by increases in net unrealized foreign currency transaction losses related to our Australian subsidiary. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 172.4 million and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2022, we had 59.1 million in cash and cash equivalents and 11.9 million in short-term investments. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono 
 On December 5, 2022, we entered into the Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono, pursuant to which the Company granted Ono the exclusive right, but not the obligation, to acquire our rights to itolizumab. These rights include all therapeutic indications and the rights to commercialize itolizumab in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. In exchange for the Option, Ono paid us a one-time upfront payment of an amount equal to JPY 3.5 billion, or 26.4 million. 
 
 If Ono exercises the Option, Ono will pay us a one-time, payment of an amount equal to JPY 5.0 billion, or approximately 37.2 million based on the currency exchange rate quoted by MUFG Bank Ltd. on March 16, 2023. We are also eligible to receive up to 101.4 million upon the achievement of certain development and commercialization milestones. As of December 31, 2022, we have not received the option exercise payment or any milestone payments. 
 
 We are responsible for conducting all research and development of itolizumab, which will be funded by Ono on a quarterly basis from July 1, 2022, through the option period. The option period will expire three months following the delivery of topline data from the EQUALISE study in LN and interim data from the EQUATOR Phase 3 clinical study in aGVHD. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have received 12.2 million in development funding from Ono. 
 2020 Purchase Agreement 
 In March 2020, we entered into the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, we may sell to Lincoln Park up to 15.0 million of shares of our common stock from time to time over the 36-month term of the Purchase Agreement. Upon execution of the Purchase Agreement, we issued 65,374 shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park as commitment shares in accordance with the closing conditions contained within the Purchase Agreement. We have not sold any shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement through the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Purchase Agreement will expire on May 1, 2023. 
 100 

September 2019 Loan Agreement 
 
 In September 2019, we entered into the Loan Agreement, with Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank, or together, the Lenders, pursuant to which we borrowed 10.0 million, or the Term Loan, which represents the maximum amount we are permitted to borrow under the terms of the Loan Agreement. 
 
 The Term Loan matures on June 1, 2024, or the Maturity Date, and is repaid through interest-only payments, which originally extended through June 30, 2021, followed by 36 equal monthly payments of principal and interest. The Term Loan bears interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the greater of (i) 8.25 and (ii) the sum of (a) the prime rate reported in The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of the month that immediately precedes the month in which the interest will accrue, plus (b) 3.00 . 
 
 On April 23, 2021, the Loan Agreement was amended to (i) change the final payment percentage from 4.5 to 5.0 and (ii) extend the interest-only payment period based on achieving the following milestones: (a) we achieve positive data in our Phase 1b aGVHD study of itolizumab (EQ001) supporting a formal decision to advance into Phase 2 or Phase 3 development, and as confirmed by our Board of Directors in written board minutes, or the Interest-Only Extension Milestone, and (b) we initiate a pivotal Phase 3 aGVHD study, or the Interest-Only Extension II Milestone. In May 2021, we achieved the Interest-Only Extension Milestone, and in March 2022, we obtained confirmation from Lenders that the Interest-Only Extension II Milestone had been achieved, which extended the interest-only payments through September 30, 2022, followed by 24 equal monthly principal payments and interest. 
 
 In February 2022, we entered into the Third Amendment to the Loan Agreement which added Bioniz Therapeutics, Inc. as a secured party to the loan. 
 
 On March 10, 2023, the FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of SVB. At the time the FDIC took control, we held assets valued at approximately 8.2 million in a sweep account with SVB. We received full access to those funds on March 13, 2023. As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have full access to and control over all of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. In addition, because a substantial majority of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are held at a financial institution unaffiliated with SVB, we do not expect any material impact to our operations directly related to the closure of SVB, but we may in the future be adversely impacted, including having to repay all outstanding amounts owed under the Loan Agreement or in receiving timely consent to incur additional indebtedness. 
 Funding Requirements 
 We expect our expenses to increase substantially in connection with our ongoing and future activities, particularly as we advance and expand our clinical development of EQ101, EQ102, and itolizumab (EQ001) if Ono does not exercise its option, including potential new indications. We expect that our primary uses of capital will be for clinical development services, non-clinical research, manufacturing, legal and other regulatory compliance expenses, compensation and related expenses, risk management, and general overhead costs. 
 We expect that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 31, 2022 will enable us to fund our currently planned operations into 2025. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we expect. Furthermore, our operating plans may change, and we may need additional funds sooner than planned. Additionally, the process of testing product candidates in clinical studies is costly, and the timing of progress in these studies is uncertain. Because the outcome of these efforts is uncertain, we cannot estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001) or any of our other product candidates or whether, or when, we may achieve profitability. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 whether Ono exercises its option and the extent to which milestones payments, if any, are received: 

the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of our ongoing and future clinical studies of EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) and other product candidates, including as such activities may be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and the evolving conflict between Russia and Ukraine and recent bank failures; 

the number and scope of indications we decide to pursue for the development of our product candidates; 

101 

the cost, timing and outcome of regulatory review of any BLA we may submit for our product candidates; 

the costs and timing of manufacturing EQ101, EQ102, itolizumab (EQ001) and other product candidates; 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims; 

our efforts to enhance operational systems and our ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel, including personnel to support the development of our product candidates; 

the costs associated with being a public company; 

our ability to enter into partnerships or otherwise monetize our pipeline through strategic transactions on a timely basis, on terms that are favorable to us, or at all; 

the terms and timing of establishing and maintaining collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements; 

the extent to which we acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies; 

the legal and other transactional costs associated with our business development activities; and 

the cost associated with commercializing EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001) or any of our other product candidates, if approved for commercial sale. 

Until such time as we can generate substantial product revenues, if ever, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, and collaboration and license agreements, such as our Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono. The sale of additional equity or convertible debt could result in additional dilution to our stockholders and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our existing common stockholders. The incurrence of debt financing would result in debt service obligations and the governing documents would likely include operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. As a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, bank failures, inflationary pressures on the economy and monetary policy responses taken by government agencies and other macroeconomic factors, the global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility, including diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. If equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain, more costly and/or more dilutive. If we raise additional funds through collaboration or license agreements, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us and/or that may reduce the value of our common stock. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or other operations. Any of these actions could have a material effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operating activities since our inception and expect to continue to incur net losses into the foreseeable future. We had an accumulated deficit of 172.4 million as of December 31, 2022. We expect operating losses and negative cash flows to continue for at least the next several years as we incur costs related to the development of EQ101, EQ102, and itolizumab (EQ001) if Ono does not exercise its option, and any our other product candidates. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our expected material cash requirements are comprised of contractually obligated expenditures consisting of term loan payments, including principal, interest and the final payment fee on maturity, and amounts due under our operating leases. For additional information relating to our term loans or leases, see Notes 7, 10 and 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have no material non-cancelable purchase commitments with service providers, as we have generally contracted on a cancelable, purchase order basis. Our expected material cash requirements do not include potential contingent payments upon the achievement by us of regulatory and commercial milestones that we may be required to make under the terms of the merger agreement pursuant to which we acquired Bioniz, nor do they include potential contingent payments upon the achievement by us of regulatory and commercial milestones or royalty payments that we may be required to make under license agreements we have entered into or may enter into with various entities pursuant to which we have in-licensed certain intellectual property, including the Biocon License. For further details on the potential contingent payments related to our acquisition of Bioniz and related to the Biocon License, see Notes 6 and 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 102 

Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash for each of the periods set forth below (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

(8,733) 

(32,081) 

Investing activities 

18,684 

27,406 

Financing activities 

(1,215) 

31,061 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

5 

(2) 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

8,741 

26,384 

Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 8.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash used in operating activities during 2022 primarily related to our net loss of 62.4 million, adjusted for non-cash expense of 23.0 million related to the acquired in-process research and development charge attributed to the Bioniz acquisition, non-cash stock-based compensation expense of 4.8 million and net cash inflows from a change in deferred revenue of 25.1 million associated with the one-time receipt of our upfront payment from Ono received in connection with entering into the Asset Purchase Agreement in December 2022. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 32.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily related to our net loss of 39.1 million, adjusted for non-cash stock-based compensation expense of 4.4 million and net cash inflows from a change in our operating assets and liabilities of 1.7 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 18.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. We purchased 14.9 million of short-term investments and 33.2 million of our short-term investments matured during the period. Purchases of property and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 0.3 million. As a result of the Bioniz acquisition, we acquired cash totaling 0.7 million. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 27.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. We purchased 33.0 million of short-term investments and 60.5 million of our short-term investments matured during the period. Purchases of property and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled 0.1 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities totaled 1.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. We began making principal payments on our outstanding notes payable starting in October 2022 which totaled 1.4 million. These payments were offset by proceeds from issuance of shares under our employee stock purchase plan totaling 0.2 million. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities totaled 31.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. We received net proceeds from the sale of shares related to our registered direct offering totaling 29.9 million and proceeds from both the issuance of shares under our employee stock purchase plan and proceeds from the exercise of stock options totaling 1.2 million. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under SEC rules, and similarly did not and do not have any holdings in variable interest entities. We do have certain contingent consideration liabilities in the form of potential milestone payments that are included in our Biocon License and in our merger agreement with Bioniz which are not reflected in our balance sheet. However, based on our current operating plans and our assessment of the probability and potential timing of such payments, we believe those payments, if any, are remote and highly unlikely to come due within the next 12 months. 
 103 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, financial models and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical for fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of control of a product or a service to a customer and reflects the amount of the consideration we are entitled to receive in exchange for such product or service. In doing so, we follow a five-step approach: (1) identify the contract with a customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations, and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the customer obtains control of the product or service. We consider the terms of a contract and all relevant facts and circumstances when applying the revenue recognition standard. We apply the revenue recognition standard, including the use of any practical expedients, consistently to contracts with similar characteristics and in similar circumstances. 
 A customer is a party that has entered into a contract with us, where the purpose of the contract is to obtain a product or a service that is an output of our ordinary activities in exchange for consideration. To be considered a contract, (i) the contract must be approved (in writing, orally, or in accordance with other customary business practices), (ii) each party s rights regarding the product or the service to be transferred can be identified, (iii) the payment terms for the product or the service to be transferred can be identified, (iv) the contract must have commercial substance (that is, the risk, timing or amount of future cash flows is expected to change as a result of the contract), and (v) it is probable that we will collect substantially all of the consideration to which we are entitled to receive in exchange for the transfer of the product or the service. 
 A performance obligation is defined as a promise to transfer a product or a service to a customer. We identify each promise to transfer a product or a service (or a bundle of products or services, or a series of products and services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer) that is distinct. A product or a service is distinct if both (i) the customer can benefit from the product or the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer and (ii) our promise to transfer the product or the service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. Each distinct promise to transfer a product or a service is a unit of accounting for revenue recognition. If a promise to transfer a product or a service is not separately identifiable form other promises in the contract, such promises should be combined into a single performance obligation. 
 The transaction price is the amount of consideration we are entitled to receive in exchange for the transfer of control of a product or a service to a customer. To determine the transaction price, we consider the existence of any significant financing component, the effects of any variable elements, noncash considerations and consideration payable to the customer. If a significant financing component exists, the transaction price is adjusted for the time value of money. If an element of variability exists, we must estimate the consideration we expect to receive and use that amount as the basis for recognizing revenue as the product or the service is transferred to the customer. There are two methods for determining the amount of variable consideration: (i) the expected value method, which is the sum of probability-weighted amounts in a range of possible consideration amounts, and (ii) the most likely amount method, which identifies the single most likely amount in a range of possible consideration amounts. 
 If a contract has multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in an amount that reflects the consideration we are entitled to receive in exchange for satisfying each distinct performance 
 104 

obligation. For each distinct performance obligation, revenue is recognized when (or as) we transfer control of the product or the service applicable to such performance obligation. 
 In those instances where we first receive consideration in advance of satisfying its performance obligation, we classify such consideration as deferred revenue until (or as) we satisfy such performance obligation. In those instances where we first satisfy our performance obligation prior to our receipt of consideration, the consideration is recorded as accounts receivable. 
 We expense incremental costs of obtaining and fulfilling a contract as and when incurred if the expected amortization period of the asset that would be recognized is one year or less, or if the amount of the asset is immaterial. Otherwise, such costs are capitalized as contract assets if they are incremental to the contract and amortized to expense proportionate to revenue recognition of the underlying contract. 
 Accrued Research and Development Expense 
 We are required to estimate our expenses resulting from our obligations under contracts with vendors, consultants and contract research organizations, in connection with conducting research and development activities. The financial terms of these contracts are subject to negotiations, which vary from contract to contract and may result in payment flows that do not match the periods over which materials or services are provided under such contracts. We reflect research and development expenses in our consolidated financial statements by matching those expenses with the period in which services and efforts are expended. We account for these expenses according to the progress of the preclinical study or clinical study as measured by the timing of various aspects of the study or related activities. We determine accrual estimates through review of the underlying contracts along with preparation of financial models taking into account discussions with research and other key personnel as to the progress of studies, or other services being conducted. During the course of a study or clinical study, we adjust our rate of expense recognition if actual results differ from our estimates. 
 Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, if our estimates of the status and timing of services performed differ from the actual status and timing of services performed, it could result in us reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, there have been no material differences between our estimates of such expenses and the amounts actually incurred. 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 We measure employee and non-employee stock-based awards, including stock options and stock purchase rights, at grant-date fair value and record compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the award. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value our stock option awards. Estimating the fair value of stock option awards requires management to apply judgment and make estimates of certain assumptions, including the volatility of our common stock, the expected term of our stock options and the expected dividend yield on the measurement date. As a result, if factors change and management uses different assumptions, stock-based compensation expense could be materially different for future awards. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences that have been included in the consolidated financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the consolidated financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We record a full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets unless, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 We record uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step process whereby (i) management determines whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (ii) for those tax positions that meet the more likely-than-not recognition threshold, management recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. We will recognize interest and penalties in income tax expense if and when incurred. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information concerning recent accounting pronouncements. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 105 

Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are included after the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic and current reports that we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 
 Not applicable. 
 106 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 Except as set forth below, the information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement, or the Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the conclusion of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 under the sections entitled Election of Directors, Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance, Information Regarding Committees of the Board, Executive Officers and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form10-K by reference. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at www.equilliumbio.com . The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or grants any waiver from a provision of the code to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website or in a current report on Form 8-K. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the section entitled Executive and Director Compensation and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the sections entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the sections entitled Transactions with Related Persons and Indemnification and Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun tant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the section entitled Principal Accountant Fees and Services and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 107 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 (a)(1) Consolidated Financial statements: 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements of Equillium, Inc. and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included after the Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 These schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto or because they are not applicable or not required. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 14, 2022, by and among Registrant, Bioniz Therapeutics, Inc., Project JetFuel Merger Sub, Inc. and Kevin Green, solely in his capacity as Securityholders Representative, incorporated by reference by Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2022. 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 6, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Metacrine, Inc. Equillium Acquisition Sub, Inc., Triumph Acquisition Sub, Inc., and Triumph Merger Sub, Inc., as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 26, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-268024), originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 27, 2022. 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2018. 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 16, 2018. 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227387), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2018. 

4.2 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated September 30, 2019, issued to Oxford Valley Finance LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2019. 

4.3 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated September 30, 2019, issued to Silicon Valley Bank, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2019. 

4.4 
 
 Description of Common Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2020. 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant, issued February 5, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 4, 2021. 

4.6 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2020. 

10.1+ 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement by and between the Registrant and its directors and officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227387), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2018. 

10.2+ 
 
 Equillium, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and Forms of Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise thereunder, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227387), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2018. 

108 

10.3+ 
 
 Equillium 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and Forms of Stock Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise thereunder, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-227859) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2018. 

10.4+ 
 
 Equillium, Inc. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-227859) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2018. 

10.5 
 
 Collaboration and License Agreement, dated May 22, 2017, by and between the Registrant and Biocon SA (which was subsequently assigned to Biocon Limited effective March 2018), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227387), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2018. 

10.6 
 
 Clinical Supply Agreement, dated May 22, 2017, by and between the Registrant and Biocon SA (which was subsequently assigned to Biocon Limited effective March 2018), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227387), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2018. 

10.7 
 
 Standard Office Lease, effective as of February 1, 2018, by and between the Registrant and La Jolla Shores Plaza, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227387), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2018. 

10.8+ 
 
 Offer Letter, dated June 1, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Daniel M. Bradbury, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227387), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2018. 

10.9+ 
 
 Offer Letter, dated March 19, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Jason A. Keyes, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227387), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2018. 

10.10+ 
 
 Offer Letter, dated June 1, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Bruce D. Steel, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227387), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2018. 

10.11+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Offer Letter, dated June 7, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Stephen Connelly, Ph.D., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227387), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2018. 

10.12 
 
 First Amendment to Collaboration and License Agreement, effective as of September 28, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Biocon Limited, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227387), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 2, 2018. 

10.13 
 
 Second Amendment to Collaboration and License Agreement dated April 22, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Biocon Limited, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2020. 

10.14 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, effective as of September 30, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2019. 

10.15 
 
 Third Amendment to Collaboration and License Agreement, dated December 10, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Biocon Limited, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2020. 

10.16+ 
 
 Offer Letter, dated January 19, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Christine Zedelmayer, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2020. 

10.17+ 
 
 First Amendment to Offer Letter, effective as of January 1, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Daniel M. Bradbury, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2020. 

10.18+ 
 
 First Amendment to Offer Letter, effective as of January 1, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Bruce D. Steel, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2020. 

109 

10.19+ 
 
 First Amendment to Offer Letter, effective as of January 1, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Christine Zedelmayer, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2020. 

10.20 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated March 27, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2020. 

10.21 
 
 Open Market Sale Agreement, dated as of July 14, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Jefferies LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 14, 2020. 

10.22+ 
 
 Offer Letter, dated December 15, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Dolca Thomas, M.D., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2020. 

10.23 
 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement by and between Registrant and Oxford Finance LLC, dated December 18, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2022. 

10.24+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Offer Letter, effective January 26, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Joel Rothman, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2021. 

10.25+ 
 
 Equillium, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2022. 

10.26 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Collaboration and License Agreement by and between Registrant and Biocon Limited, dated April 14, 2021, incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2021. 

10.27 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement by and between Registrant and Oxford Finance LLC, dated April 23, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2021. 

10.28 
 
 Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement by and between Registrant and Oxford Finance LLC, dated February 14, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2022. 

10.29 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Collaboration and License Agreement by and between Registrant and Biocon Limited, dated November 18, 2022. 

10.30 
 
 Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release of All Claims dated February 13, 2022, by and between Registrant and Dolca Thomas, M.D., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2022. 

10.31 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 5, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Equillium, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney. Reference is made to the signature page hereto. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

110 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Schedules and exhibits to the agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.. 
 This certification will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent specifically incorporated by reference into such filing. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Certain information in this exhibit has been omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 111 

SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this annual report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

EQUILLIUM, INC. 

Date: March 23, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Bruce D. Steel 

Bruce D. Steel 

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Bruce D. Steel and Jason A. Keyes, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with the full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place or stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Bruce D. Steel 
 
 President and 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Bruce D. Steel 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jason A. Keyes 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Jason A. Keyes 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Daniel M. Bradbury 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Daniel M. Bradbury 

/s/ Stephen Connelly, Ph.D. 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Stephen Connelly, Ph.D. 

/s/ Martha J. Demski 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Martha J. Demski 

/s/ Bala S. Manian, Ph.D. 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Bala S. Manian, Ph.D. 

/s/ Charles McDermott 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Charles McDermott 

/s/ Mark Pruzanski, M.D. 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Mark Pruzanski, M.D. 

/s/ Barbara Troupin, M.D. 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Barbara Troupin, M.D. 

/s/Y. Katherine Xu, M.D 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Y. Katherine Xu, M.D 

112 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 EQUILLIUM, INC. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 185) 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT R EGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Equillium, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Equillium, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 San Diego, California 
 March 23, 2023 
 F- 2 

Equillium, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and par value data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Accounts receivable 

- 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current portion of deferred revenue 

- 

Current portion of long-term notes payable 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term notes payable 

Long-term deferred revenue 

- 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' equity: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes. 
 F- 3 

Equillium, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue 

- 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Acquired in-process research and development 

- 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other expense, net: 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

Total other expense, net 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income, net: 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation gain 

Total other comprehensive income, net 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes. 
 F- 4 

Equillium, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockhold ers Equity 
 (In thousands, except share data) 

Additional 

Accumulated Other 

Total 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income (Loss) 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock from follow-on offering, net of issuance costs 

- 

- 

- 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

- 

- 

- 

Vesting of restricted stock liability 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Comprehensive income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock for Bioniz acquisition 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

- 

- 

- 

Vesting of restricted stock liability 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Comprehensive income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

See accompanying notes. 
 F- 5 

Equillium, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements o f Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Acquired in-process research and development 

- 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Net unrealized loss on foreign currency transactions 

Amortization of term loan discount and issuance costs 

Amortization of investments, net 

Deferred revenue 

- 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

- 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses 

Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, net 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Purchases of short-term investments 

() 

() 

Maturities of short-term investments 

Cash acquired in Bioniz acquisition 

- 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock from follow-on offering, net of issuance costs 

- 

Principal repayments on notes payable 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

- 

Proceeds from ESPP purchases 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Fair value of Bioniz assets acquired 

- 

Issuance of common stock for Bioniz acquisition 

() 

- 

Bioniz net liabilities assumed 

- 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

- 

Amounts included in accounts payable for purchases of property and equipment 

- 

See accompanying notes. 
 F- 6 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 on . The Company is a clinical-stage biotechnology company leveraging a deep understanding of immunobiology to develop novel therapeutics to treat severe autoimmune and inflammatory (immuno-inflammatory), disorders with high unmet medical need. The Company s strategy is focused on advancing the clinical development of its product candidates, including potentially pursuing additional indications and acquiring new product candidates and platforms to expand its pipeline. The Company intends to commercialize its product candidates either independently or through partnerships or otherwise monetize its pipeline through strategic transactions. The Company's current clinical-stage product candidates consist of EQ101, EQ102 and itolizumab (EQ001). EQ101 and EQ102 are synthetic peptides engineered to specifically inhibit key disease-driving, clinically validated cytokine targets aimed at addressing unmet needs across a range of immuno-inflammatory indications. EQ101 is a first-in class, selective, tri-specific inhibitor of IL-2, IL-9 and IL-15, and EQ102 is a first-in class, selective, bi-specific inhibitor of IL-15 and IL-21. Itolizumab (EQ001) is a first-in-class monoclonal antibody that selectively targets the immune checkpoint receptor CD6, which plays a central role in the modulation of effector T cell, or T eff cell, activity and trafficking that drives a number of immuno-inflammatory diseases across multiple therapeutic areas. The Company's novel and differentiated pipeline of first-in-class immunology assets has the potential to address unmet medical needs in numerous areas, including dermatology, gastroenterology, transplant science, hematology, rheumatology, oncology and pulmonology. From inception through December 31, 2022, the Company has devoted substantially all of its efforts to organizing and staffing the Company, business planning, raising capital, in-licensing rights to itolizumab (EQ001), conducting non-clinical research, filing three Investigational New Drug applications (INDs), conducting clinical development of the Company's product candidates, conducting business development activities such as the acquisition of Bioniz Therapeutics, Inc. (Bioniz), the Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Ono) and other transactions not completed, and the general and administrative activities associated with operating a public company. Liquidity and Business Risks As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. The Company has incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from operations. The Company expects to use its cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments to fund research and development of its product candidates, for potentially acquiring and conducting research and development of new products, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The Company does not expect to generate any revenues from product sales unless and until the Company successfully completes development and obtains regulatory approval of any of its product candidates, which is unlikely to happen within the next 12 months, if ever. Accordingly, until such time as the Company can generate significant revenue from sales of its product candidates, if ever, the Company expects to finance its cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, and collaboration and license agreements, such as its Asset Purchase Agreement with Ono. However, the Company may not be able to secure additional financing or enter into such other arrangements in a timely manner or on favorable terms, if at all. As a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, bank failures, inflationary pressures on the economy and monetary policy responses taken by government agencies and other macroeconomic factors, the global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility, including diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. If equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain, more costly and/or more dilutive. The Company s failure to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements when needed would have a negative impact on the Company s financial condition and could force the Company to delay, reduce or terminate its research and development programs or other operations, or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that the Company would otherwise prefer to develop and market itself. Management believes that the Company s cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 31, 2022 will be sufficient to fund operations for at least the next 12 months from the date this Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Basis of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and the rules and regulations of the SEC. Any reference in these notes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) and Accounting Standards Updates (ASU) promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Foreign Currency Translation The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary in Australia uses its local currency as its functional currency. Assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at quarter-end exchange rates and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year-to-date periods. Foreign currency translation adjustments for the reported periods are included in accumulated other comprehensive income in the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, and the cumulative effect is included in the stockholders equity section of the Company s consolidated balance sheets. this standard effective using the modified retrospective approach. Due to the nature of the Company's investment portfolio, the adoption of the guidance did t have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements and no allowance was recorded for expected credit losses. 

million classified as accounts receivable on its consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the Company did t have any amount recorded within accounts receivable on its consolidated balance sheet. The Company makes judgments as to its ability to collect outstanding receivables and provide an allowance for receivables when collection becomes doubtful. Allowance for credit risk for accounts receivables are established based on various factors including credit profiles of the Company s customers, historical payments and current economic trends. The Company reviews its allowance for accounts receivables by assessing individual accounts receivable over a specific aging and amount. The estimate of expected credit losses is based on information about past events, current economic conditions, and forecasts of future economic conditions that affect the collectability. Accounts receivable are written-off on a case by case basis, net of any amounts that may be collected. As of each of December 31, 2022 and 2021, credit losses have been recorded by the Company. 
 
). 
 assets are less than the carrying amount of those assets. While the Company s current and historical operating losses and negative cash flows are indicators of impairment, management believes that future cash flows to be received support the carrying value of its long-lived assets and, accordingly, has not recognized any impairment losses since inception. 
 
 million during the reimbursable period and cannot be controlled by income tax exempt entities. The Tax Incentive is recognized as a reduction to research and development expense when there is reasonable assurance that the Tax Incentive will be received, the relevant expenditure has been incurred, and the amount can be reliably measured. The Company classifies its estimate for the Tax Incentive as prepaid expenses and other current assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and within prepaid and other current assets attributed to the Tax Incentive, respectively. 
 The transaction price is the amount of consideration the Company is entitled to receive in exchange for the transfer of control of a product or a service to a customer. To determine the transaction price, the Company considers the existence of any significant financing component, the effects of any variable elements, noncash considerations and consideration payable to the customer. If a significant financing component exists, the transaction price is adjusted for the time value of money. If an element of variability exists, the Company must estimate the consideration it expects to receive and uses that amount as the basis for recognizing revenue as the product or the service is transferred to the customer. There are two methods for determining the amount of variable consideration: (i) the expected value method, which is the sum of probability-weighted amounts in a range of possible consideration amounts, and (ii) the mostly likely amount method, which identifies the single most likely amount in a range of possible consideration amounts. If a contract has multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company is entitled to receive in exchange for satisfying each distinct performance obligation. For each distinct performance obligation, revenue is recognized when (or as) the Company transfers control of the product or the service applicable to such performance obligation. In those instances where the Company first receives consideration in advance of satisfying its performance obligation, the Company classifies such consideration as deferred revenue until (or as) the Company satisfies such performance obligation. In those instances where the Company first satisfies its performance obligation prior to its receipt of consideration, the consideration is recorded as accounts receivable. The Company expenses incremental costs of obtaining and fulfilling a contract as and when incurred if the expected amortization period of the asset that would be recognized is one year or less, or if the amount of the asset is immaterial. Otherwise, such costs are capitalized as contract assets if they are incremental to the contract and amortized to expense proportionate to revenue recognition of the underlying contract. 

percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense. Any accrued interest and penalties are included within the related tax liability. 

Common stock warrants 

Total 

F- 12 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Quoted Prices in 

Significant 

Significant 

Active Markets 

Other 

Unobservable 

December 31, 

for Identical 

Observable 

Inputs 

2021 

Assets (Level 1) 

Inputs (Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Short-term investments: 

U.S. treasury securities 

- 

- 

Certificates of deposit 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

U.S. treasury securities and certificates of deposit are valued using Level 1 inputs. Level 1 securities are valued at unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are observable at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs, which utilize data points that are observable such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves, require the exercise of judgment and use of estimates, that if changed, could significantly affect the Company s financial position and results of operations. Investments in agency securities are valued using Level 2 inputs. Level 2 securities are initially valued at the transaction price and subsequently valued and reported utilizing inputs other than quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly, such as quotes from third-party pricing vendors. The carrying amounts of the Company s financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, prepaid and other current assets, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities, approximate fair value due to their short maturities. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of the Company s notes payable of million and million, respectively, approximated their fair value as the terms of the notes are consistent with the market terms of transactions with similar profiles (Level 2 inputs). None of the Company s non-financial assets or liabilities are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The Company did t hold any Level 1, 2 or 3 financial liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

 or less 

- 

() 

Total 

- 

() 

December 31, 2021 

U.S. treasury securities 
 
 or less 

() 

U.S. treasury securities 
 
 > and 

() 

Certificates of deposit 
 
 or less 

() 

Total 

- 

() 

All of the Company s available-for-sale securities are available to the Company for use in its current operations. As a result, the Company categorizes all of these securities as current assets even though the stated maturity of some individual securities may be or more beyond the balance sheet date. All of the Company s securities have a maturity within of the balance sheet date. There were impairments considered other-than-temporary during the periods presented, as it is management s intention and ability to hold the securities until a recovery of the cost basis or recovery of fair value. Unrealized gains and losses are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 

Machinery lab equipment 

Computer equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

- 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company disposed of fully depreciated property and equipment totaling approximately . There were dispositions of property and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2021. material gains or losses on the disposal of property and equipment have been recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

 shares of the Company s common stock (Merger Shares), and (b) make contingent payments up to an aggregate of million based on the achievement of certain regulatory events for the Bioniz product candidates commencing on first U.S. approval, and up to an aggregate of million based on the achievement of certain commercialization events for product candidate BNZ-1 (now referred to as EQ101) as set forth in the Merger Agreement. The Merger Shares may be adjusted downward after the closing, pursuant to procedures set forth in the Merger Agreement, including with respect to indemnification claims and in connection with the finalization of transaction expenses, debt, net exercise taxes and working capital amounts at closing. At the closing, the Company delivered to the transfer agent shares of its common stock for issuance to former stockholders of Bioniz per the terms of the Merger Agreement. Up to an additional shares of the Company's common stock, pending any adjustments per the terms of the Merger Agreement, will be issued to former stockholders of Bioniz months after closing. The acquisition of Bioniz expanded the Company's pipeline of novel immunomodulatory drug candidates, adding two first-in-class clinical stage assets, BNZ-1 and BNZ-2, now referred to as EQ101 and EQ102, respectively, and a proprietary product discovery platform. The Company determined the acquisition constituted an acquisition of assets instead of a business combination as substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired was concentrated in a group of similar identifiable assets, and therefore, the acquisition was not considered a business. As the Company is recording the transaction as an asset acquisition under ASC 805, the contingent payments will be recognized upon achievement and at that time will be expensed to in-process research and development. Transaction costs of approximately million associated with the acquisition were included in the Company s research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Fixed assets 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net liabilities acquired 

Issuance of common stock for Bioniz acquisition 

Acquired in-process research and development 

and the Company did not renew that lease. The Company s lease of laboratory space in La Jolla expires in , and the Company's leases of office space in La Jolla expire in . The terms of the Company s non-cancelable operating lease arrangements typically contain fixed lease payment which increases over the term of the lease at fixed rates, and include rent holidays and provide for additional renewal periods. Lease expense is recognized over the term of the lease on a straight-line basis. All of the Company s leases are classified as operating leases. The Company has determined that periods covered by options to extend the Company s leases are excluded from the lease term as the Company is not reasonably certain the Company will exercise such options. Operating lease expense, including expenses related to short-term leases, were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company records its right-of-use-assets within other assets (long term) and its operating lease liabilities within other current and long-term liabilities. 

Lease liabilities, current 

Lease liabilities, non-current 

Total lease liabilities 

Other information 

Weighted average remaining lease term 
 
 years 

Weighted average discount rate 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Total lease liabilities 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have any leases that have not yet commenced that create significant rights and obligations. 

Clinical development 

Other accruals 

Non-clinical research 

Accrued interest 

Total accrued expenses 

billion, or million. If Ono exercises the Option, Ono will pay the Company a one-time payment of an amount equal to JPY billion, or approximately million based on the currency exchange rate quoted by MUFG Bank, Ltd. on March 16, 2023. The Company is also eligible to receive up to million upon the achievement of certain development and commercialization milestones. The Company is responsible for conducting all research and development of itolizumab, which will be funded by Ono on a quarterly basis from July 1, 2022, through the option period. Unless terminated early, t The Asset Purchase Agreement can be terminated at any time by Ono upon written notice, provided that in limited circumstances Ono will be obligated to continue to reimburse the Company for research and development costs and expenses of itolizumab for a certain period of time following such termination. If Ono does not timely exercise its Option, the Asset Purchase Agreement and the Option will automatically terminate. The Asset Purchase Agreement also contains customary termination rights for both parties for material breach and an outside date (subject to limited adjustments) that permits either party to terminate the Asset Purchase Agreement if the closing has not occurred by December 31, 2025. The Asset Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties with respect to both the Company and Ono. Additionally, the Company is subject to customary obligations and covenants, including affirmative and negative operating covenants on the Company with respect to its business as it applies to the development and exploitation of itolizumab, exclusivity obligations that prohibit the Company, except in limited circumstances, including in connection with the sale of the Company, from pursuing a direct or indirect sale, license or other disposition of all or any portion of the Company's itolizumab program or any of the assets to be purchased pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement and indemnification obligations, which, except in limited circumstances, are subject to customary caps and deductibles. The Company applied ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements, to the Asset Purchase Agreement and determined that the agreement is applicable to such guidance. The Company concluded that Ono represented a customer and applied relevant guidance from ASC 606, Revenue Recognition , (ASC 606) to evaluate the appropriate accounting for the Asset Purchase Agreement. In accordance with this guidance, the Company identified its performance obligations, including its grant of a license to Ono to certain of its intellectual property subject to certain conditions and the conduct of research and development services. The Company determined that its grant of a license to Ono to certain of its intellectual property subject to certain conditions was not distinct from other performance obligations because such grant is dependent on the conduct and results of the research and development services. Accordingly, the Company determined that all performance obligations should be accounted for as one combined performance obligation, and that the combined performance obligation is transferred over the expected term of the conduct of the research and development services. The Company also assessed, in connection with the upfront and non-creditable payment of JPY billion or million, invoiced on December 5, 2022, that there was not a significant financing component in the Asset Purchase Agreement. The Company received payment of million related to this upfront payment in December 2022 which included a foreign currency realized gain of million as the initial invoice for the upfront payment was denominated in JPY. The Company also assessed the effects of any variable elements under the Asset Purchase Agreement. Such assessment evaluated, among other things, the likelihood of receiving (i) option fees and (ii) various clinical, regulatory and commercial milestone payments. Based on its assessment, the Company concluded that, based on the likelihood of these variable components occurring, there was not a significant variable element included in the transaction price. Accordingly, the Company has not assigned a transaction price to any option fees or milestone payments under the Asset Purchase Agreement given the substantial uncertainty related to their achievement. In accordance with ASC 606, the Company determined that the initial transaction price under the Asset Purchase Agreement equals million, consisting of the upfront and non-creditable payment of million and the aggregate estimated research and development funding of million over the estimated option period. The upfront payment of million was recorded as deferred revenue and is being recognized as revenue over time in conjunction with the Company s conduct of research and development services as the research and development services are the primary component of the combined performance obligations. Revenue associated with the upfront payment will be recognized based on actual costs incurred as a percentage of the estimated total costs expected to be incurred over the expected term of the research and development services. Reimbursable research and development costs will be recognized as revenue as incurred. The Company recognized revenue of million under the Asset Purchase Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022. Such revenue was comprised of million associated with development funding and million associated with the amortization of the upfront payment during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, aggregate deferred revenue related to the Asset Purchase Agreement was million, which consisted of million classified as current and million as long-term. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has received million in cash of aggregate development funding from Ono. Biocon Collaboration and License Agreement In May 2017, the Company entered into a collaboration and license agreement (which was amended in September 2018, April 2019, December 2019, April 2021 and November 2022), clinical supply agreement, investor rights agreement, and common stock purchase agreement (collectively License Agreements) with Biocon SA (subsequently assigned to Biocon Limited, or together, Biocon). Pursuant to the License Agreements, Biocon granted the Company an exclusive license to develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale, import and otherwise exploit itolizumab and any pharmaceutical composition or preparation containing or comprising itolizumab that uses Biocon technology or Biocon know-how (collectively a Biocon Product) in the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand (collectively Equillium Territory). The Company also has the right to sublicense through multiple tiers to third parties, provided such sublicenses comply with the terms of the License Agreements and the Company provides Biocon a copy of each sublicense agreement within 30 days of execution. If the Company grants a third party a sublicense of its rights to develop and commercialize Biocon Products in Australia or New Zealand, the Company will be required to pay Biocon a high double-digit percentage of any upfront payment the Company receives from such sublicensee for such sublicense, as well as a high double-digit percentage of any additional payments the Company receives from such sublicensee for such sublicense, including but not limited to royalty payments on net sales of Biocon Products by such sublicensee. Under the License Agreements, the Company granted back to Biocon a license to use its technology and know-how related to itolizumab and Biocon Products in certain countries outside of the Equillium Territory. Pursuant to the License Agreements, Biocon agreed to be the Company s exclusive supplier of itolizumab clinical drug product. Biocon will provide clinical drug product at no cost for up to three concurrent orphan indications until the Company s first U.S. regulatory approval and all other clinical drug product at Biocon s cost. In addition, we have agreed to co-fund an ongoing Phase 2 clinical study of itolizumab in subjects with ulcerative colitis being conducted by Biocon in India. In consideration of the rights granted to the Company by Biocon, the Company issued Biocon a total of shares of its common stock. In addition, the Company is obligated to pay Biocon up to an aggregate of million in regulatory milestone payments upon the achievement of certain regulatory approvals and up to an aggregate of million in sales milestone payments upon the achievement of first commercial sale of product and specified levels of product sales. The Company is also required to pay royalties on tiers of aggregate annual net sales of Biocon Products by the Company, the Company's affiliates and the Company's sublicensees in the United States and Canada at percentages from the mid-single digits to sub-teen double-digits and on tiers of aggregate annual net sales of Biocon Products by the Company and the Company's affiliates (but not the Company's sublicensees) in Australia and New Zealand, in each case, subject to adjustments in certain circumstances. Biocon is also required to pay the Company royalties at comparable percentages for sales of itolizumab (EQ001) outside of the Equillium Territory if the approvals in such geographies included or referenced the Company s data including data from certain of the Company s clinical studies, subject to adjustments in certain circumstances. Should Ono exercise its option to acquire our rights to itolizumab (EQ001), as described below, the aforementioned milestone payments and royalties potentially owed to Biocon would become Ono s responsibility, and the potential royalties on sales of itolizumab outside of the Equillium Territory would be become Ono s right. Under the License Agreements, net sales are calculated on a country-by-country basis and are subject to adjustments, including whether the Biocon Product is sold in the form of a combination product. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not made or received payments in connection with the milestones or royalties within the agreement. 

million from the Lenders (the Term Loan), which represents the maximum amount the Company is permitted to borrow under the terms of the Loan Agreement. The Term Loan matures on (the Maturity Date) and is repaid through interest-only payments, which originally extended through June 30, 2021, followed by equal payments of principal and interest. The Term Loan bears interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the greater of (i) and (ii) the sum of (a) the reported in The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of the month that immediately precedes the month in which the interest will accrue, plus (b) . On April 23, 2021, the Loan Agreement was amended to (i) change the final payment percentage from to and (ii) extend the interest-only payment period based on achieving the following milestones: (a) the Company achieving positive data in the Company's Phase 1b aGVHD study of itolizumab (EQ001) supporting a formal decision to advance into Phase 2 or Phase 3 development, and as confirmed by the Company's Board of Directors in written board minutes (the Interest-Only Extension Milestone) and (b) the Company initiating a pivotal Phase 3 aGVHD study (the Interest-Only Extension II Milestone). In May 2021, the Company achieved the Interest-Only Extension Milestone, and in March 2022, the Company obtained confirmation from the Lenders that the Interest-Only Extension II Milestone had been achieved, which extended the interest-only payments through September 30, 2022, followed by equal principal payments and interest. In February 2022, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Loan Agreement (the Third Amendment) which added Bioniz as a secured party to the loan. Under authoritative guidance, the April 2021 amendment did not meet the criteria to be accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring. In addition, the Company performed a quantitative analysis and determined that the terms of the new debt and original debt instrument are not substantially different. Accordingly, the April 2021 amendment was accounted for as a debt modification. A new effective interest rate that equates the revised cash flows to the carrying amount of the original debt was computed and applied prospectively. The effective interest rate as of December 31, 2022 is . The Company will be required to make a final payment of of the original principal amount of the Term Loan drawn payable on the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) the acceleration of the Term Loan in the event of a default, or (iii) the prepayment of the Term Loan (the Final Payment). The Company may prepay all, but not less than all, of the Term Loan upon days advance written notice to the lender, provided that the Company will be obligated to pay a prepayment fee equal to (i) of the principal amount of the Term Loan prepaid on or before the first anniversary of the applicable funding date, (ii) of the principal amount of the Term Loan prepaid between the first and second anniversary of the funding date, and (iii) of the principal amount of the Term Loan prepaid thereafter, and prior to the Maturity Date (each, a Prepayment Fee). In connection with entering into the Loan Agreement, the Company issued to the Lenders warrants exercisable for shares of the Company s common stock (the Warrants). The Warrants are exercisable in whole or in part, immediately, and have a per share exercise price of , which was the closing price of the Company s common stock reported on the Nasdaq Global Market on the day prior to the Effective Date. The Warrants will terminate on the earlier of September 30, 2029 or the closing of certain merger or consolidation transactions. 

Add: accreted liability for final payment fee 

Less: unamortized discount 

() 

() 

Total 

Upon the occurrence of certain events, including but not limited to the Company s failure to satisfy its payment obligations under the Loan Agreement, the breach of certain of its other covenants under the Loan Agreement, or the occurrence of a material adverse change, cross defaults to other indebtedness or material agreements, judgment defaults and defaults related to failure to maintain governmental approvals failure of which to maintain could result in a material adverse effect, the Lenders will have the right, among other remedies, to declare all principal and interest immediately due and payable, to exercise secured party remedies, to receive the Final Payment and, if the payment of principal and interest is due prior to the Maturity Date, to receive the applicable Prepayment Fee. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the covenants contained in the Loan Agreement. 

Year ending December 31, 2024 

Unaccreted balance for Final Payment fee on Term Loans 

() 

Unamortized discounts 

() 

Less current portion 

() 

Noncurrent portion 

shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value per share. The Company had and shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Registered Direct Offering and related warrants On February 3, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) with institutional investors (the Purchasers), relating to the issuance and sale (the Offering) of an aggregate of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase shares of common stock (the Warrants) for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from this Offering of approximately million, excluding any proceeds the Company may receive upon exercise of the Warrants. No underwriter or placement agent participated in the Offering. The proceeds, net of related issuance costs, were million. The Warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance at an initial exercise price of per share and are exercisable on a cashless basis. The Warrants expire on the earlier of (i) the fifth anniversary of issuance or (ii) the 15th calendar date following the date on which the Company closes upon an equity financing that results in not less than million of gross proceeds to the Company at a price per share of common stock equal to or greater than , at which time, all remaining Warrants will automatically be exercised on a cashless basis. The exercise price and the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specific events, including stock dividends, stock splits, reclassifications and combinations of the Company s common stock. All of the warrants are recorded within equity in accordance with authoritative accounting guidance. Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company appointed Dr. Yu (Katherine) Xu, Ph. D. to the Board as a nominee of the Purchasers. Purchase Agreement On March 27, 2020, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (Purchase Agreement), with Lincoln Park, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, the Company may sell to Lincoln Park up to million of shares of its common stock from time to time over the term of the Purchase Agreement. Upon execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Lincoln Park as commitment shares in accordance with the closing conditions contained within the Purchase Agreement. The commitment shares were valued using the closing price of the Company s common stock on the effective date of the Purchase Agreement resulting in a fair market value of approximately million. The fair market value of the commitment shares as well as other issuance costs associated with the Purchase Agreement totaled million. These issuance costs were classified as prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. There have been sales of the Company s stock under this Purchase Agreement as of December 31, 2022 and through the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Purchase Agreement expires on . Since the Company believes it is unlikely to sell any shares to Lincoln Park prior to the Purchase Agreement expiring, the capitalized issuance costs were written off as of December 31, 2022 to general and administrative expense. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan In October 2018, the Company adopted the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan) which replaced the Company s legacy 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan). The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, performance stock awards, performance cash awards and other forms of stock awards. As of December 31, 2022, the 2018 Plan had a maximum of total shares available for issuance. Options granted under the 2018 Plan are exercisable at various dates as determined upon grant and will expire no more than from their date of grant. The exercise price of each option shall be determined by the Board based on the estimated fair value of the Company s stock on the date of the option grant. The exercise price shall not be less than of the fair market value of the Company s common stock at the time the option is granted. Most option grants generally vest on the first anniversary of the original vesting commencement date, with the balance vesting monthly over the remaining . Stock Options 

Granted 

Exercised 

- 

- 

Forfeitures and cancellations 

() 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

(a) Aggregate intrinsic value in this table was calculated as the positive difference, if any, between the closing price per share of the Company s common stock on December 31, 2022 of and the price of the underlying options. 

The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised was and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash received from stock options exercised was and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value of stock options that vested in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan In October 2018, the Company adopted the 2018 of their earnings to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a price per share equal to the lower of (i) of the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock on the first date of an offering or (ii) of the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock on the date of the purchase right (purchase right). Initially, shares of the Company s common stock were approved for issuance under the ESPP pursuant to purchase rights granted to the Company s employees or to employees of any of the Company s designated affiliates. The number of shares of the Company s common stock reserved for issuance will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year through January 1, 2028, by the lesser of (1) 1.0 of the total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the last day of the calendar month before the date of the automatic increase, and (2) shares; provided that before the date of any such increase, the Board may determine that such increase will be less than the amount set forth in clauses (1) and (2) . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had issued shares of common stock under the ESPP, of which were issued during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company had shares available for future issuance under the ESPP as of December 31, 2022. Liability for Early Exercise of Restricted Stock Options All stock option grants under the 2017 Plan provide for exercise of the stock option prior to vesting. Shares of common stock issued upon exercise of unvested options are subject to repurchase by the Company at the respective original exercise price until vested. Consideration received for the exercise of unvested stock options is recorded as a liability and reclassified into equity as the related award vests. As of December 31, 2022 , there were no unvested shares issued under early exercise provisions subject to repurchase by the Company. As of December 31, 2021, there were unvested shares issued under early exercise provisions that were subject to repurchase by the Company. The balance sheet reflects an unvested stock liability of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the unvested stock liability was considered short-term and was classified as accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Stock-based Compensation Expense 

General and administrative 

Total 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate. The risk-free rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury instruments, the terms of which were consistent with the expected term of the Company s stock options. Expected volatility. Due to the Company s limited operating history and lack of company-specific historical or implied volatility as a private company, the expected volatility assumption was determined by examining the historical volatilities of a group of industry peers whose share prices are publicly available. Expected term. The expected term of stock options represents the weighted-average period the stock options are expected to be outstanding. The Company uses the simplified method for estimating the expected term as provided by the SEC. The simplified method calculates the expected term as the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the options. Expected dividend yield. The expected dividend assumption is based on the Company s history and expectation of dividend payouts. The Company has not paid and does t intend to pay dividends. Forfeitures . The Company reduces stock-based compensation expense for actual forfeitures during the period. Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance 

Warrants for common stock 

Awards available under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Total 

litigation against the Company. 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

() 

The Company has t recorded a current or deferred tax expense or benefit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.) 

() 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

Permanent items 

Federal research and orphan drug credits 

() 

() 

Foreign rate differential 

Transaction costs 

- 

Acquired in-process research and development 

- 

Change in federal valuation allowance 

Credits 

Capitalized research expenditures 

- 

Equity compensation 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

() 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

- 

Other 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred taxes 

The Company has established a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of such assets. The Company periodically evaluates the recoverability of the deferred tax assets. At such time as it is determined that it is more likely than not that deferred assets are realizable, the valuation allowance will be reduced. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance of million as of December 31, 2022 as it does not believe it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets will be realized primarily due to the generation of pre-tax book losses in the current year, the lack of feasible tax-planning strategies, the limited existing taxable temporary differences, and the subjective nature of forecasting future taxable income into the future. The Company increased its valuation allowance by approximately million during the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 , the Company had federal and California tax loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. The federal net operating loss carryover includes million of net operating losses generated subsequent to 2017. of taxable income. The federal net operating losses generated prior to 2018 as well as the state net operating loss carryforwards, begin to expire in unless previously utilized. The Company has million of Australian net operating loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2022 that are carried forward indefinitely. At December 31, 2022 , the Company had federal and state tax credit carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, after reduction for uncertain tax positions. The Company has not performed a formal research and development credit study with respect to these credits. The federal credits will begin to expire in , if unused, and the state credits carryforward indefinitely. Pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (IRC), specifically Section 382 and 383, the Company s ability to use net operating loss and research and development tax credit carryforwards (tax attribute carryforwards) to offset future taxable income is limited if the Company experiences a cumulative change in ownership of more than within a testing period. The Company has not completed an ownership change analysis pursuant to IRC Section 382. If ownership changes within the meaning of IRC Section 382 are identified as having occurred, the amount of remaining tax attribute carryforwards available to offset future taxable income and income tax expense in future years may be significantly restricted or eliminated, including those acquired through Bioniz. Further, our deferred tax assets associated with such tax attributes could be significantly reduced or eliminated upon realization of an ownership change within the meaning of IRC Section 382. If eliminated, the related asset would be removed from the deferred tax asset schedule, with a corresponding reduction in the valuation allowance. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, limitations created by ownership changes, if any, will not impact our effective tax rate. 

Gross increases tax positions in prior period 

- 

Gross decreases tax positions in prior period 

- 

- 

Gross increase current-period tax positions 

Gross decrease current-period tax positions 

- 

- 

Settlements 

- 

- 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

- 

- 

Unrecognized tax benefits ending 

The unrecognized tax benefit amounts are reflected in the determination of the Company s deferred tax assets. If recognized, none of these amounts would affect the Company s effective tax rate, since it would be offset by an equal corresponding adjustment in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. The Company does not foresee material changes to its liability for uncertain tax benefits within the next twelve months. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The Company had no accrual for interest or penalties on the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and has not recognized interest and/or penalties in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. All tax years for both federal and state purposes remain open and subject to examination by tax jurisdictions. The 2017 tax reform act amended the IRC, effective for amounts paid or incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, to eliminate the immediate expensing of research and experimental (R E) expenditures and require taxpayers to charge their R E expenditures and software development costs (collectively, R E expenditures) to a capital account. Capitalized costs are required to be amortized over for expenditures attributable to foreign research). 

 t make any contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

 million in a sweep account with SVB. The Company received full access to those funds on March 13, 2023. As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company has full access to and control over all of its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. In addition, because a substantial majority of the Company's cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments is held at a financial institution unaffiliated with SVB, the Company does not expect any material impact to the Company's operations directly related to the closure of SVB. 

F- 25 

<EX-10>
 2
 eq-ex10_29.htm
 EX-10.29

EX-10 

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS EXHIBIT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE THE REGISTRANT HAS DETERMINED THAT IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 Confidential		 
 EXHIBIT 10.29 
 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO COLLABORATION AND LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 This Fifth Amendment to Collaboration and License Agreement Amendment is made and entered into effective as of November 18, 2022 (the Amendment Date ), by and between Equillium, Inc. , a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, with its principal office at 2223 Avenida de la Playa, Suite 108, La Jolla, California 92037, USA Equillium ), and Biocon Limited , a company incorporated and existing under the laws of India and having its registered office at 20th KM, Hosur Road, Electronics City P.O. Bangalore 560 100, India Biocon ). 
 Recitals 
 Whereas, Equillium and Biocon (as successor-in-interest to Biocon s Affiliate, Biocon SA) are parties to that certain Collaboration and License Agreement dated May 22, 2017 (the Original Agreement ), as amended by that certain First Amendment to Collaboration and License Agreement dated September 28, 2018, that certain Second Amendment to Collaboration and License Agreement dated April 22, 2019, that certain Third Amendment to Collaboration and License Agreement dated December 10, 2019, and that certain Fourth Amendment to Collaboration and License Agreement dated April 14, 2021 (collectively with the Original Agreement, the Agreement ); 
 Whereas , Equillium and Biocon would like to extend the term for entering into the Commercial Supply Agreement; 
 Whereas , the parties now wish to amend the Agreement as expressly set forth herein. 
 Agreement 
 Now, Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Equillium and Biocon hereby agree as follows: 
 The first paragraph of Section 4.3 of the Original Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: 
 
 4.3 Commercial Supply for the Equillium Territory. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Term, Biocon agrees to Manufacture and supply to Equillium such quantities of Product for commercial use and distribution in the Equillium Territory as may be set forth on purchase orders placed by Equillium in accordance with 

the provisions of the Commercial Supply Agreement, and Equillium agrees that Biocon shall be Equillium s exclusive supplier for the Product for the Equillium Territory on the terms set forth in the Commercial Supply Agreement. No later than [ ] prior to the first anticipated NDA submission, the parties shall negotiate in good faith and enter into a separate written manufacturing and supply agreement containing commercially reasonable terms (the Commercial Supply Agreement pursuant to which the purchase price for the commercial supply of Product shall be equal to [ ] of Biocon s Fully-Burdened Manufacturing Cost, as well as a commercially reasonable and customary quality assurance agreement (the Commercial Quality Agreement ), pursuant to which Biocon shall manufacture and supply to Equillium, or have manufactured and supplied to Equillium, and Equillium shall accept such manufacture and supply from Biocon as Equillium s exclusive supplier, Product for commercialization in the Field in the Equillium Territory. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Commercial Supply Agreement shall provide as follows: 

In Witness Whereof, the parties have duly executed this Fifth Amendment to Collaboration and License Agreement as of the Amendment Date. 

Equillium, Inc. 
 Biocon Limited 

By: /s/ Bruce Steel Name: Bruce D. Steel Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 1. By: /s/ Siddharth Mittal Name: Siddharth Mittal Title: CEO and MD 

2. By: /s/ Indranil Sen Name: Indranil Sen Title: CFO 

2 . 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 eq-ex10_31.htm
 EX-10.31

EX-10 

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS EXHIBIT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE THE REGISTRANT HAS DETERMINED THAT IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 EXECUTION VERSION 
 
 EXhibit 10.31 
 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 between 
 Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., 
 and 
 Equillium, Inc. 
 Dated as of December 5, 2022 

281923888 v10 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page 

1.	DEFINITIONS 
 1 

2.	PURCHASE OPTION 
 20 

2.1	Grant of Purchase Option 
 20 

2.2	Upfront Payment 
 20 

2.3	Exercise of Purchase Option 
 20 

2.4	Updated Disclosure Schedules. 
 21 

2.5	Effect of No Exercise 
 21 

3.	PURCHASE AND SALE 
 22 

3.1	Purchase and Sale of Assets 
 22 

3.2	Excluded Assets 
 23 

3.3	Assumed Liabilities 
 24 

3.4	Excluded Liabilities 
 24 

3.5	Consents and Waivers; Further Assurances. 
 25 

3.6	Closing. 
 26 

3.7	Contingent Consideration. 
 27 

4.	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF EQUILLIUM 
 30 

4.1	Organization and Qualification 
 30 

4.2	Authority 
 31 

4.3	No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents. 
 31 

4.4	Purchased Assets 
 32 

4.5	Compliance with Law; Permits. 
 32 

4.6	Litigation. 
 33 

4.7	Intellectual Property. 
 34 

4.8	Regulatory Compliance 
 38 

4.9	Clinical Studies. 
 39 

4.10	Acquired Contracts. 
 40 

4.11	CIM Contracts 
 40 

4.12	Books and Records 
 41 

4.13	Insurance 
 41 

4.14	Affiliate Interests and Transactions 
 41 

4.15	Brokers 
 41 

- i - 

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

4.16	Not Insolvent 
 41 

4.17	Taxes. 
 41 

5.	LIMITATIONS ON REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF EQUILLIUM 
 42 

5.1	Independent Investigation 
 42 

5.2	No Other Representations and Warranties 
 42 

5.3	Projections 
 43 

5.4	As-Is 
 43 

5.5	Disclosure Schedules 
 43 

6.	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ONO 
 43 

6.1	Organization 
 44 

6.2	Authority 
 44 

6.3	No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents. 
 44 

6.4	Litigation 
 45 

6.5	Financing 
 45 

6.6	Brokers 
 45 

6.7	Not Insolvent 
 45 

7.	COVENANTS 
 45 

7.1	Conduct of Business Prior to the Closing 
 45 

7.2	Restricted Actions 
 45 

7.3	No Transfer of Control 
 47 

7.4	Covenants Regarding Information. 
 47 

7.5	Notification of Certain Matters. 
 48 

7.6	Exclusivity. 
 49 

7.7	Confidentiality. 
 50 

7.8	Consents and Filings. 
 52 

7.9	Public Announcements 
 53 

7.10	Books and Records 
 53 

7.11	Transfer of Regulatory Materials. 
 53 

7.12	Communication with Agencies 
 54 

7.13	Adverse Experience Reporting 
 54 

7.14	Delivery of Assets 
 54 

- ii - 

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

7.15	Regulatory Compliance 
 54 

7.16	Clinical Studies 
 55 

8.	PROGRAM ACTIVITIES 
 56 

8.1	Development Plan and Development Budget 
 56 

8.2	Deviations from the Development Plan 
 56 

8.3	Equillium Program Responsibilities. 
 56 

8.4	Records, Reports and Information. 
 57 

8.5	Regulatory 
 57 

8.6	Delivery and Review of Development Program Data Package. 
 58 

8.7	Due Diligence Investigation. 
 59 

8.8	Liaison 
 60 

8.9	No Development by Ono 
 60 

8.10	Development Funding 
 60 

8.11	Financial Records and Audit 
 61 

8.12	Insurance 
 63 

8.13	Patent Prosecution and Maintenance 
 63 

8.14	Intellectual Property Rights. 
 63 

9.	TAX MATTERS 
 64 

9.1	Transaction Taxes 
 64 

9.2	Transaction Taxes on Article 8 
 64 

9.3	Purchase Price Allocation 
 64 

9.4	Foreign Derived Intangible Income 
 64 

9.5	Withholding Rights. 
 65 

10.	CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 
 65 

10.1	General Conditions 
 65 

10.2	Conditions to Obligations of Equillium 
 66 

10.3	Conditions to Obligations of Ono 
 66 

11.	INDEMNIFICATION 
 67 

11.1	Survival. 
 67 

11.2	Indemnification. 
 68 

11.3	Materiality Scrape 
 68 

- iii - 

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

11.4	Claim Notices 
 69 

11.5	Third Party Claim Procedures. 
 69 

11.6	Direct Claim Procedures. 
 70 

11.7	Subrogation 
 71 

11.8	Limits on Indemnification. 
 71 

11.9	No Anti-Sandbagging 
 73 

11.10	Effect of Waiver 
 73 

11.11	Tax Matters 
 73 

11.12	Right of Set Off 
 73 

11.13	Exclusive Remedy 
 73 

11.14	Fraud 
 74 

12.	TERMINATION 
 74 

12.1	Termination 
 74 

12.2	Automatic Termination 
 75 

12.3	Effect of Termination 
 75 

12.4	Reimbursement After Termination 
 75 

13.	GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 76 

13.1	Payments 
 76 

13.2	Fees and Expenses 
 76 

13.3	Amendment and Modification 
 76 

13.4	Waiver 
 76 

13.5	Notices 
 76 

13.6	Interpretation 
 77 

13.7	Entire Agreement 
 78 

13.8	No Third-Party Beneficiaries 
 78 

13.9	Governing Law 
 78 

13.10	Arbitration. 
 78 

13.11	Enforcement 
 79 

13.12	Waiver of Jury Trial 
 80 

13.13	Assignment; Successors. 
 80 

13.14	Severability 
 80 

- iv - 

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

13.15	Counterparts 
 80 

13.16	No Presumption Against Drafting Party 
 81 

EXHIBIT A 
 EXHIBIT B 
 EXHIBIT C 

- v - 

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 This Asset Purchase Agreement (this Agreement is being entered into as of December 5, 2022, by and between Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a Japan kabushiki kaisha Ono ), and Equillium, Inc., a Delaware corporation Equillium ). Ono and Equillium are referred to herein individually as a Party and together as the Parties . 
 RECITALS 
 A.	Equillium owns or has certain rights and obligations related to the humanized anti-CD6 monoclonal antibody known by the INN itolizumab, a clinical stage, first-in-class immune modifying monoclonal antibody. 
 B.	Equillium hereby wishes to grant Ono, and Ono wishes to receive, an exclusive option to purchase and assume from Equillium the Business. 
 C.	As consideration for the option, Ono has agreed to (a) make an Upfront Payment and (b) reimburse certain Development Costs incurred by Equillium in the performance of the Program. 
 D.	On the date of this Agreement, the Parties entered into that certain Development Agreement (the Development Agreement in connection with the performance of certain activities for Products from and after the Closing. 
 E.	The board of directors of Equillium has, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, (a) determined that this Agreement is advisable, (b) determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are fair to and in the best interests of Equillium and its stockholders and (c) approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 AGREEMENT 
 In consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows: 
 1.	DEFINITIONS 
 For purposes of this Agreement: 
 Acceptance for Filing means, with respect to a BLA filed for a Product in the U.S., that the FDA has accepted such BLA for substantive review as evidenced by receipt of notice from the FDA of such acceptance or other evidence that the FDA has commenced its substantive review of such BLA. 
 Acquired Contracts means each Contract to which any Equillium Person is a party or has any right, title or interest and that primarily relates to, or is otherwise necessary for the Exploitation of, the Program, the Compound, any Product or the Purchased Assets, including (a) the Biocon Agreements, (b) the Service Contracts, (c) all licenses, and (d) all materials transfer 
 1 
 
 281923888 v10 

agreements, but excluding invention assignment agreements with employees, consultants and contractors that assign or grant to any Equillium Person ownership of inventions and intellectual property developed in the course of providing services to any Equillium Person by such employees, consultants and contractors. 
 Action means any claim, complaint, demand, action, suit, litigation, charge, inquiry, proceeding, audit or investigation by or before any Governmental Authority, or any other arbitration, mediation or similar proceeding. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, such first Person (but excluding, with respect to Equillium, any portfolio companies of venture capital or investment funds that are stockholders of Equillium, which portfolio company may otherwise be deemed to be under common control with Equillium). For purposes of this definition, control , including the terms controlled , controlled by and under common control with , means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, as trustee or executor, as general partner or managing member, by Contract or otherwise, including the ownership, directly or indirectly, of securities having the power to elect a majority of the board of directors or similar body governing the affairs of such Person. 
 Aggregate Payments means the aggregate amount paid or payable (subject to the Offset Right, and without taking into account any deduction or withholding required under applicable Law) by Ono to Equillium in respect of [ ]. 
 aGVHD means acute graft-versus-host disease (aGVHD). 
 Ancillary Agreements means the Assignment of Intellectual Property, and the Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement. 
 Assignment of Intellectual Property means an instrument of assignment of Transferred Intellectual Property in form and substance agreed between the Parties. 
 Assumed Liabilities has the meaning provided in Section 3.3. 
 Authorizations means Governmental Authorizations and Non-Governmental Authorizations. 
 Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement means a bill of sale and assignment and assumption agreement for the Business in form and substance agreed between the Parties. 
 Biocon means Biocon Limited, or its successor-in-interest under any of the Biocon Agreements, as applicable. 
 Biocon Agreements means the Biocon License, [ ] and each other Contract entered into by Biocon or its Affiliates on the one hand, and any Equillium Person on the other 
 2 
 
 281923888 v10 

hand, in connection with the Compound or any Product. For the avoidance of doubt, Biocon Agreements expressly exclude any agreement of Biocon or its Affiliates to which no Equillium Person is a party. 
 Biocon Data means data resulting from any pre-clinical study or clinical trial of the Compound or any Product conducted by or on behalf of Biocon, any of its Affiliates, or any of its or their respective Third Party licensees and sublicensees, together with the applicable protocol for each such study or trial, as well as all associated site-related documentation, investigator brochures, investigational review board correspondence and data monitoring committee minutes and documentation, in each case except to the extent that any such study or trial was conducted by any Equillium Person. 
 Biocon Know-How has the meaning provided in the Biocon License. 
 Biocon License means the Collaboration and License Agreement, dated May 22, 2017, by and between Equillium and Biocon (as the successor-in-interest to Biocon SA), as amended on September 28, 2018, April 22, 2019, December 10, 2019, April 14, 2021 and November 18, 2022, and as it may have been amended after the date of this Agreement in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 Biocon License Termination has the meaning provided in Section 3.7(c)(i)(3). 
 [ ] 
 Biocon Patents has the meaning provided in the Biocon License. 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 Biocon Technology has the meaning provided in the Biocon License. 
 BLA means, as applicable, a Biologics License Application (as more fully described in 21 CFR Part 601, et seq., or its successor regulation), or a New Drug Application (as more fully described in 21 CFR Part 314.50, et seq., or its successor regulation), or any successor application to either of the foregoing. 
 Books and Records means all books, ledgers, files, reports, plans, records, manuals and other materials, including books of account, records, files, invoices, correspondence and memoranda, scientific records and files (including laboratory notebooks and invention disclosures), supplier lists, data, specifications, operating history information and inventory records (in any form or medium), in each case, of, primarily maintained for, primarily relating to or otherwise necessary for, the Business, but excluding: (a) any such items to the extent (i) they are included in or primarily related to any Excluded Assets or Excluded Liabilities or (ii) any Law 
 3 
 
 281923888 v10 

prohibits their transfer; and (b) all minute books, stock books and similar corporate records of any Equillium Person. 
 Business means the Purchased Assets and the Assumed Liabilities. 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which banks are required or authorized by Law to be closed in The City of New York, United States or Tokyo, Japan. 
 CDC means the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 
 CIM Contract means each Contract entered into by Biocon or its Affiliates on the one hand, and any CIM Entity on the other hand, in each case in connection with the Compound or any Product. 
 CIM Entities means CIMAB S.A., Centro de Inmunologia Molecular and their respective Affiliates. 
 Claim Notice has the meaning provided in Section 11.1(c). 
 Clinical Data means data resulting from any clinical trial of the Compound or any Product conducted by or on behalf of any Equillium Person, together with the applicable protocol for each such trial, as well as all associated site-related documentation, investigator brochures, investigational review board correspondence and data monitoring committee minutes and documentation; but, in each case, excluding Biocon Data. 
 Closing has the meaning provided in Section 3.6(a). Closing Date has the meaning provided in Section 3.6(a). 
 Closing Payment means an amount equal to JPY 5.0 billion plus Milestone Payments with respect to any Milestone Events achieved prior to the Closing Date. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Commercialization Discontinuation has the meaning provided in Section 3.7(c)(i)(2). 
 Commercially Reasonable Efforts means [ ]. 
 Completion Date means the later of (a) the date of the database lock for the EQUALISE Trial and (b) the date of first availability of the results of the interim analysis of the EQUATOR Trial. 
 Compound means the humanized anti-CD6 monoclonal antibody known by the INN itolizumab, as further described in Exhibit A hereto. 
 Confidential Information has the meaning provided in Section 7.7(a). 
 4 
 
 281923888 v10 

Constituent Documents means, with respect to any Person (other than an individual), all charter, organizational and other documents by which such Person establishes its legal existence or which govern its internal affairs, including (a) the certificate of registration, memorandum and articles of association, charter and bylaws or other similar organizing documents of a company or corporation, (b) the certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement of a limited liability company, (c) the certificate of registration of partnership (if applicable) and agreement of partnership of a partnership and (d) the comparable documents of any other entities. 
 Contract means any contract, agreement, or legally binding arrangement or understanding, whether written or oral and whether express or implied. 
 Control or Controlled means, with respect to any Intellectual Property, possession by a Person of the ability (whether by ownership, license or otherwise) to transfer ownership of, to grant access to, to grant use of or to grant a license or a sublicense of or under, such Intellectual Property without violating the terms of any agreement or other arrangement with any Third Party. 
 Core Contracts means the Acquired Contracts other than the Standard Contracts. 
 COVID-19 means SARS-CoV-2 or COVID-19, and any evolutions thereof or related or associated epidemics, pandemic or disease outbreaks. 
 COVID-19 Measures means any quarantine, shelter in place , stay at home , workforce reduction, social distancing, shut down, closure, sequester or any other Law, order, directive, guideline or recommendation by any Governmental Authority or public health agency in connection with or in response to COVID-19, including the CARES Act, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (and applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) and all OSHA and CDC guidelines and requirements, such as social distancing, cleaning, and other similar or related measures. 
 Data means Pre-Clinical Data and Clinical Data. 
 Data Package Delivery Date has the meaning provided in Section 8.6(a). 
 Data Package Review Period has the meaning provided in Section 8.6(b). 
 Develop , Developing or Development means [ ]. 
 Development Agreement has the meaning provided in Recital D. 
 Development Budget means the budget of Development Costs for Development Plan activities included in the Development Plan. 
 Development Costs means FTE Costs and Out-of-Pocket Expenses incurred between July 1, 2022 and the Closing Date (in each case inclusive) by an Equillium Person in connection with the performance of the Program, including for: 
 5 
 
 281923888 v10 

(a)	[ ]; 
 (b)	[ ]; 
 (c)	[ ]; and 
 (d)	[ ]. 
 [ ]. 
 Development Discontinuation has the meaning provided in Section 3.7(c)(i)(1). 
 Development Funding has the meaning provided in Section 8.10. 
 Development Plan has the meaning provided in Section 8.1. 
 Development Program Data Package means a data package with respect to the Development Plan activities conducted by or on behalf of Equillium consisting of the following: (a) the top-line results of, and full tables, figures and listings, and EDC (Electronic Data Capture) data, clinical trial-related documents and any other related documentation for,[ ] the EQUALISE Trial, wherein such results shall be based, at a minimum, on [ ]patients who have completed at least [ ] of drug administration; (b) the results of the interim analysis of the EQUATOR Trial as made available to Equillium; (c) with respect to any clinical trial other than the EQUALISE Trial and the EQUATOR Trial and any non-clinical study conducted as part of the Program, and to the extent not previously provided in writing or electronically to Ono pursuant to this Agreement, final (to the extent available) or interim reports of the results of any such other clinical trials and non-clinical studies, to the extent in the possession or control of Equillium as of the Completion Date; and (d) any SDV (Source Data Verification) report with respect to any of the foregoing (a), (b) and (c). 
 Development Records has the meaning provided in Section 8.4(b). 
 Diligence Limitations has the meaning provided in Section 8.6(c). 
 Diligence Period has the meaning provided in Section 3.7(b). 
 Direct Claim has the meaning provided in Section 11.6(a). 
 Disclosing Party has the meaning provided in Section 7.7(a)(ii). 
 Disclosure Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules attached to this Agreement. 
 Discontinuation Notice has the meaning provided in Section 3.7(c)(i). 
 Discontinuation Notice Period has the meaning provided in Section 3.7(c)(ii). 
 Due Diligence Investigation has the meaning provided in Section 8.7(a). 
 6 
 
 281923888 v10 

Encumbrance means any charge, claim, mortgage, lien, exclusive license, pledge, security interest, easement, encroachment, right of first refusal or similar restriction or encumbrance of any kind, as security or otherwise, including (a) any restriction on transfer or other assignment, (b) any restriction of or relating to use, receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute of ownership and (c) any agreement to create any of the foregoing. However, Encumbrance excludes any non-exclusive license under Intellectual Property Rights. 
 EQUALISE Trial means the Equillium-sponsored clinical trial titled Study of EQ001 (Itolizumab) in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus With or Without Active Proliferative Nephritis (EQUALISE) (NCT04128579). 
 EQUATOR Trial means the Equillium-sponsored clinical trial titled A Study of Itolizumab in Combination With Corticosteroids for the First-Line Treatment of Acute Graft Versus Host Disease (EQUATOR) (NCT05263999). 
 Equillium Change of Control has the meaning provided in Section 7.6(a). 
 Equillium Indemnified Parties has the meaning provided in Section 11.2(b). 
 Equillium Person means each of Equillium and each of its Subsidiaries. 
 Equillium Territory means the U.S. (including its territories and possessions), Canada, Australia and New Zealand. 
 Equillium s Actual Knowledge means, for any particular matter, the actual knowledge of Equillium s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Scientific Officer, without any duty of inquiry. 
 Equillium s Knowledge means, for any particular matter, the (a) actual knowledge of Equillium s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Scientific Officer and (b) the knowledge that each such individual would have had after Reasonable Inquiry. 
 Excepted Circumstance has the meaning provided in Section 7.1. 
 Excluded Assets has the meaning provided in Section 3.2. 
 Excluded Liabilities has the meaning provided in Section 3.4. 
 Excluded Programs means (a) Equillium s specific multi-cytokine inhibitor programs (including EQ101 and EQ102) or with its proprietary discovery platform for generating rationally designed composite peptides that selectively block key cytokines and (b) any other program (excluding the Program) developed, licensed or otherwise acquired by Equillium following the date of this Agreement. 
 7 
 
 281923888 v10 

Exploit or Exploitation means develop, make, manufacture, use, sell, offer for sale, import, export, market, promote, distribute and commercialize, or have any of the foregoing done. 
 FDA means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or any successor agency thereto in the U.S. 
 FDCA means the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. 
 First U.S. Commercial Sale means [ ]. 
 Fraud means intentional common law fraud under Delaware law (and not constructive fraud, negligent misrepresentation or omission, or any form of fraud premised on recklessness or negligence). 
 FTE means the equivalent of a full-time employee s work time over a 12-month period (including normal vacations, sick days and holidays), expressed as a total number of labor hours per year. 
 FTE Costs means, for a given calendar quarter, the sum of the FTE Costs Per FTE for all FTEs who have performed Program activities during such calendar quarter. 
 FTE Costs Per FTE means, for a given calendar quarter, with respect to each FTE who has performed Program activities during such calendar quarter, the amount calculated by multiplying the applicable FTE Rate for such FTE by the percentage of such FTE s time expended in the performance of Program activities during such calendar quarter. 
 FTE Rate means the applicable FTE rate per calendar quarter for each FTE involved in performing the Program, calculated on [ ]. The Parties acknowledge that the FTE Rate for a particular FTE covers [ ], but excludes [ ]. 
 Fundamental R Ws means the representations and warranties of Equillium set forth in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3(a)(i), 4.4(a), 4.10(c) (solely with respect to the Biocon License) and 4.15. 
 GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles and practices as in effect on the date hereof. 
 Good Clinical Practices or GCP means all applicable Good Clinical Practice standards for the design, conduct, performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analyses and reporting of clinical trials (a) as set forth in the ICH Harmonised Tripartite Guideline for Good Clinical Practice (CPMP/ICH/135/95) and any other applicable guidelines for good clinical practice for trials on medicinal Product, (b) the Declaration of Helsinki (2004) as last amended at the 52nd World Medical Association in October 2000 and any further amendments or clarifications thereto, (c) the U.S. C.F.R. Title 21, Parts 50 (Protection of Human Subjects), 56 (Institutional Review Boards) and 312 (Investigational New Drug Application), as may be amended from time to time and (d) the equivalent applicable Laws in any relevant jurisdiction, each as may be 
 8 
 
 281923888 v10 

amended and applicable from time to time and in each case, that provide for, among other things, assurance that the clinical data and reported results are credible and accurate and protect the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial subjects. 
 Good Laboratory Practices or GLP means all applicable Good Laboratory Practice standards, including, as applicable, (a) as set forth in the then-current good laboratory practice standards promulgated or endorsed by the FDA as defined in 21 C.F.R. Part 58 and (b) the equivalent applicable Laws in any relevant jurisdiction, each as may be amended and applicable from time to time. 
 Government Official means (a) any official, employee or representative of, or any other person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of (i) any Governmental Authority, including any entity owned or controlled by any Governmental Authority, (ii) any political party or political candidate or (iii) any public international organization and (b) any candidate for political office or any person acting on his or her behalf. 
 Governmental Authority means any United States or non-United States federal, national, supranational, state, provincial, local or similar government, governmental, quasi-governmental, taxing, regulatory or administrative authority, branch, office, agency or commission or other similar body or any court, tribunal or arbitral or judicial body (including any grand jury). 
 Governmental Authorizations means all licenses, permits, certificates and other authorizations, consents, waivers, exemptions and approvals issued by or obtained from a Governmental Authority. 
 HSR Act means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended. 
 ICH means the International Conference on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use. 
 Immediate Family means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s spouse, children, parents, grandparents, grandchildren and siblings, including adoptive relationships and relationships through marriage, or any other relative of such Person that shares such Person s home. 
 Inbound Licenses has the meaning provided in Section 4.7(i). 
 IND means an Investigational New Drug Application. 
 Indication means the treatment, prevention, palliation or diagnosis of a particular disease, disorder or condition in humans. For the avoidance of doubt, treatment (with treatment on the first line and second line being treated collectively as treatment), prevention, palliation and/or diagnosis of the same disease, disorder or condition shall be treated as the same Indication. 
 Indemnified Party has the meaning provided in Section 11.5(a). 
 9 
 
 281923888 v10 

Indemnifying Party has the meaning provided in Section 11.5(a). 
 Information means any and all tangible and intangible (a) techniques, technology, practices, trade secrets, inventions (whether patentable or not), methods, knowledge, know-how, skill, experience, test data and results (including pharmacological, toxicological and clinical test data and results), analytical and quality control data, results or descriptions, software and algorithms and (b) compositions of matter, cells, cell lines, assays, animal models and physical, biological or chemical material; that, in each case, are not in the public domain. 
 INN means International Nonproprietary Name. 
 Intellectual Property means: (a) inventions (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice), improvements thereto, and patents, patent applications and patent disclosures, together with any reissuances, provisionals, divisionals, substitutions, continuations, continuations-in-part, revisions, extensions and reexaminations thereof; (b) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, logos, trade names, company names, doing business as names and fictitious names, together with translations, adaptations, derivations and combinations thereof and including goodwill associated therewith, and applications, registrations and renewals in connection therewith; (c) copyrightable works, copyrights, and applications, registrations and renewals in connection therewith; (d) mask works and applications, registrations and renewals in connection therewith; (e) Trade Secrets; (f) copies and tangible embodiments and expressions (in whatever form or medium), all improvements and modifications and derivative works of any of the foregoing; and (g) all rights to sue at law or in equity for any past or future infringement or other impairment of any of the foregoing, including the right to receive all proceeds and damages therefrom. 
 Inventory means all inventory related to the Compound or any Product, wherever located, including all quantities of the Compound active pharmaceutical ingredient, any Product drug substance or drug product, finished goods, work in process, raw materials, packaging, pre-clinical and clinical supplies and all other materials and supplies and parts to be used or consumed by any Equillium Person or any of their respective agents in the production of finished goods whether held at any location or facility of any such Person or in transit to any such Person, in each case as of the Closing Date, except to the extent included in Excluded Assets. 
 IP R Ws means the representations and warranties of Equillium set forth in Sections 4.7(a), (b) and (c). 
 Itolizumab Business has the meaning provided in Section 3.7(c)(i)(4). 
 Joint Invention has the meaning provided in the Biocon License. 
 Joint Patent has the meaning provided in the Biocon License. 
 Law means any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, executive order, injunction, judgment, decree or Order of any Governmental Authority, all as amended from time to time, together with any rules, regulations and compliance guidances promulgated thereunder. 
 10 
 
 281923888 v10 

Liabilities means all debts, liabilities, commitments and obligations, whether accrued or fixed, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, determined or determinable, liquidated or unliquidated, asserted or unasserted, known or unknown, whenever or however arising, including those arising under applicable Law or any Action or Order of a Governmental Authority and those arising under any Contract, regardless of whether such debt, liability, commitment or obligation would be required to be reflected on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP or disclosed in the notes thereto. 
 Listed Licensed Patents has the meaning provided in Section 4.7(d). 
 Listed Owned Patents has the meaning provided in Section 4.7(d). 
 Listed Patents has the meaning provided in Section 4.7(d). 
 Lookback Date means [ ]. 
 Losses has the meaning provided in Section 11.2(a). 
 Manufacture or Manufacturing means all activities related to the manufacturing of the Compound or any Product, as the case may be, or any ingredient thereof, including manufacturing for clinical use or commercial sale, in-process and product testing and analysis, quality assurance and quality control, handling and storage of the Compound or any Product and ongoing stability tests and regulatory activities related to any of the foregoing. 
 Manufacturing Cost means, with respect to the Compound or any Product manufactured on behalf of Equillium by Biocon or its Affiliate under the [ ] , in each case, determined in accordance with [ ] standard cost accounting policies that are in accordance with GAAP and consistently applied [ ]. 
 Material Adverse Effect means any event, change, circumstance, occurrence, effect, result or state of facts that, individually or in the aggregate, has a material adverse effect on the Purchased Assets taken as a whole; provided, however, that, Material Adverse Effect shall not include any event, change, circumstance, occurrence, effect or state of facts to the extent resulting directly or indirectly from (1) changes generally affecting the industry in which any Equillium Person operates generally, or the economy or the financial or securities markets, in the United States or any jurisdiction in which any Equillium Person has substantial business operations, or any general shutdown of the government of the United States or any jurisdiction in which any Equillium Person has substantial business operations, (2) the outbreak of war or acts of terrorism, (3) changes in Law, GAAP or other applicable accounting standards or the interpretations thereof, (4) acts of God or other calamities (including wild fires), epidemic or pandemic, national or international political or social conditions, including the engagement by any country in hostilities, whether commenced before or after the date hereof, and whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency or war, or the occurrence or threatened occurrence of any military or terrorist attack, (5) any action taken by any Equillium Person at Ono s express written direction, (6) the failure of any Equillium Person to meet internal expectations or projections (other than any event, occurrence, fact, condition, change or effect underlying such failure, except to the extent not otherwise excluded in this definition of Material Adverse Effect), (7) any changes in financial, 
 11 
 
 281923888 v10 

banking or securities markets in general, including any disruption thereof and any decline in the price of any security or any market index or any change in prevailing interest rates, (8) any breach by Ono of any provision of this Agreement or the taking of any other action by Ono or (9) the announcement, execution or delivery of this Agreement, including any disruption in (or loss of) supplier, service provider, partner or similar relationships or any loss of employees; provided, however, that the exception in this clause (9) shall not apply to that portion of any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement to the extent that the purpose of such portion of such representation or warranty is to address the consequences resulting from the execution, delivery or announcement of this Agreement; provided, further , that with respect to clauses (1), (2), (3), (4) and (7), if the impact of such event, change, circumstance, occurrence, effect or state of facts is disproportionately adverse to the Equillium Persons, taken as a whole, as compared to other similarly situated companies, then such impact shall be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Milestone Event has the meaning provided in Section 3.7(a). 
 Milestone Obligor means each of Ono, any of its Affiliates and any Ono Licensee. 
 Milestone Payment has the meaning provided in Section 3.7(a). 
 Mouse Assets means [ ] 
 Negotiation Period has the meaning provided in Section 3.7(c)(ii). 
 Non-Governmental Authorizations means all licenses, permits, certificates and other authorizations, consents, waivers, exemptions and approvals other than Governmental Authorizations. 
 Offset Right has the meaning provided in Section 11.12. 
 Ono Indemnified Parties has the meaning provided in Section 11.2(a). 
 Ono Licensee means any Third Party to whom Ono or an Affiliate of Ono directly or indirectly grants a license, sublicense or other right to Exploit any Product, beyond the mere right to purchase Products from Ono or its Affiliate. 
 Option Exercise Effective Date means the date on which Ono exercises the Purchase Option in accordance with Section 2.3. 
 Option Period means the period commencing on the date on which the full amount of the Upfront Payment (less any deduction or withholding made in accordance with Section 9.5) is paid to Equillium in accordance with Section 2.2 and ending on the earlier of (a) the end of the Data Package Review Period and (b) the effective date of termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article 12. 
 12 
 
 281923888 v10 

Order means any decree, order, judgment, writ, award, injunction, stipulation, determination or consent of or by a Governmental Authority. 
 Ordinary Course of Business means, with respect to any Person, the ordinary course of business consistent with the applicable Person s past custom and practice; provided, however, that actions taken (or omitted) reasonably and in good faith to respond to COVID-19 shall be deemed Ordinary Course of Business, so long as such actions (or omissions) are reasonably consistent with such Person s actions (or omissions) taken prior to the date of this Agreement in response to COVID-19 or in response to any new COVID-19 Measures implemented following the date of this Agreement but prior to Closing. 
 Out-of-Pocket Expenses means [ ] 
 Outbound Licenses has the meaning provided in Section 4.7(h). 
 Patent Rights means (a) all national, regional and international patents and patent applications filed in any country of the world, including provisional patent applications, (b) all patent applications filed either from such patents and patent applications or from a patent application claiming priority from either of these, including any continuation, continuation-in-part, division, provisional, converted provisional and continued prosecution applications, or any substitute applications, (c) any patent issued with respect to or in the future issued from any such patent applications including utility models, petty patents and design patents and certificates of invention and (d) any and all extensions or restorations by existing or future extension or restoration mechanisms, including revalidations, reissues, reexaminations and extensions (including any supplementary protection certificates and the like) of the foregoing patents or patent applications. 
 Permitted Encumbrances means: (a) statutory or common law liens for Taxes that are not yet delinquent or liens for Taxes being contested in good faith through appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP; (b) statutory or common law liens in favor of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics and materialmen, to secure claims for labor, materials or supplies and other like liens; (c) liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of Law to secure payments of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; (d) Encumbrances that do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair or interfere with the continued ownership, use, operation or value of the assets to which they are related; and (e) the Development Agreement. 
 Permits means all permits, licenses, franchises, approvals, certificates, consents, waivers, exemptions, registrations or other authorizations issued to, or required to be obtained or maintained by, Equillium by a Governmental Authority with respect to the conduct or operation of the Program as currently conducted or the ownership or use of the Purchased Assets. 
 Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, syndicate, person, trust, association, organization or other entity, including any Governmental Authority, and including any successor, by merger or otherwise, of any of the foregoing. 
 13 
 
 281923888 v10 

Phase 2 Trial means a human clinical trial that would satisfy the requirements for a Phase 2 study as defined in 21 CFR 312.21(b) (or any amended or successor regulations), regardless of where such clinical trial is conducted. 
 Phase 3 Trial means a human clinical trial that would satisfy the requirements for a Phase 3 study as defined in 21 CFR 312.21(c) (or any amended or successor regulations), regardless of where such clinical trial is conducted. 
 Pivotal Trial means: (a) a Phase 3 Trial; or (b) any other human clinical trial that the applicable Regulatory Authority in a country of the Equillium Territory has agreed, whether before first dosing of the first patient in such trial (e.g., pursuant to a special protocol assessment agreement with the FDA) or after first dosing of the first patient in such trial (e.g., based on an interim data analysis), is sufficient to form the primary basis of an efficacy claim in a BLA submission, regardless of whether the sponsor of such trial characterizes or refers to such trial as a Phase 3 , Phase 2b or Phase 2b/3 trial (or otherwise) in the applicable protocol, on clinicaltrials.gov or in any other context. If a human clinical trial does not constitute a Pivotal Trial at the time of first dosing of the first patient in such trial, but is later determined by the applicable Regulatory Authority to be sufficient to form the primary basis of an efficacy claim in a BLA submission, then, for purposes of Section 3.7(a) hereof, first dosing of the first patient in such Pivotal Trial shall be deemed to have occurred on the date of such determination by the applicable Regulatory Authority. 
 Pre-Clinical Data means data resulting from any pre-clinical study of the Compound or any Product conducted by or on behalf of any Equillium Person, together with the applicable protocol for each such study; but, in each case, excluding Biocon Data. 
 Product means any pharmaceutical product containing or comprising the Compound, whether or not as the sole active ingredient and in any dosage, form or formulation. 
 Program means all activities of any Equillium Person (including activities performed by any Third Party on behalf of any Equillium Person, but excluding activities performed by Biocon, any of its Affiliates or any of its or their respective Third Party licensees and sublicensees) directed primarily to the Development or Exploitation of the Compound or any Product up to the Closing Date (including any activities performed under this Agreement up to the Closing Date). 
 Program Confidential Information means information pertaining to the Purchased Assets, the Compound, any Product or the Program, including, and solely to the extent pertaining to the Purchased Assets, the Compound, any Product or the Program, information relating to licensors, suppliers, vendors, subscribers, distributors, financial statements and information, budgets and projections, business plans, production costs, market research, marketing, sales and distribution strategies, manufacturing techniques, processes and business methods, technical information, pending projects and proposals, new business plans and initiatives, research and development projects, inventions, discoveries, ideas, technologies, trade secrets, know-how, formulae, designs, patterns, marks, names, improvements, industrial designs, mask works, works of authorship and other Intellectual Property, devices, samples, plans, drawings and 
 14 
 
 281923888 v10 

specifications, photographs and digital images, computer software and programming, all other confidential information and materials relating to the business or affairs of any Equillium Person, and all notes, analyses, compilations, studies, summaries, reports, manuals, documents and other materials prepared by or for any Equillium Person containing or based in whole or in part on any of the foregoing, whether in verbal, written, graphic, electronic or any other form and whether or not conceived, developed or prepared in whole or in part by any Equillium Person. For clarity, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing definition, Program Confidential Information excludes information to the extent pertaining to any Excluded Asset or Excluded Liability. 
 Program Invention means any invention, whether or not patentable, that is made, conceived, discovered or generated in the performance of the Program. 
 Program IP has the meaning provided in Section 8.14(a). 
 Program Know-How means Information not included in the Program Patents which is: (a) Controlled by any Equillium Person immediately prior to the Closing; and (b) directed to the Development or Exploitation of the Compound or any Product, or otherwise primarily used or held for use in, or necessary for the Exploitation of, the Program, but excluding, in any event, (i) any Information that is an Excluded Asset and (ii) Biocon Know-How. 
 Program Patents means: (a) the patents and patent applications listed on Exhibit B ; (b) any and all divisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part of the patents and patent applications referenced in the preceding clause (a); (c) the foreign patent applications associated with the patent applications referenced in the preceding clauses (a) and (b); (d) the patents issued or issuing from the patent applications referenced in the preceding clauses (a) through (c); and (e) reissues, reexaminations, restorations (including supplemental protection certificates) and extensions of any patent or patent application referenced in the preceding clauses (a) through (d); but excluding, in any event (i) Biocon s joint ownership interest in and to Joint Patents, and (ii) Biocon Patents. 
 Purchase Option has the meaning provided in Section 2.1. 
 Purchase Option Exercise Notice has the meaning provided in Section 2.3. 
 Purchase Price means the aggregate of the Upfront Payment, the Closing Payment and the value of the Milestone Payments with respect to any Milestone Events achieved after the Closing Date (if any) paid to Equillium. 
 Purchased Assets has the meaning provided in Section 3.1. 
 Quarterly Advance has the meaning provided in Section 8.10(b). 
 Quarterly Estimate has the meaning provided in Section 8.10(a). 
 Reasonable Inquiry means, with respect to the individuals set forth in the definition of Equillium s Knowledge , a review by each such individual of one s files and inquiry 
 15 
 
 281923888 v10 

of direct reports. With respect to matters involving Intellectual Property, Reasonable Inquiry does not require that the individuals set forth in the definition of Equillium s Knowledge have conducted, obtain or have obtained any freedom-to-operate opinions or similar opinions of counsel or any Intellectual Property clearance searches, and no knowledge of any Third Party Intellectual Property that would have been revealed by such inquiries, opinions or searches will be imputed to such individuals or the direct reports of any of the foregoing; provided, further , that any such opinions or searches that have been conducted or obtained prior to the date of this Agreement will not be excluded from the definition Equillium s Knowledge as a result of this sentence. 
 Receiving Party has the meaning provided in Section 7.7(a)(ii). 
 Record Retention Period means, with respect to Development Records relating to a Product, the period commencing on the date upon which such Development Records were created and ending on the later of (a) the [ ] anniversary of the date on which Regulatory Approval for such Product is obtained and (b) the [ ] anniversary of the date on which Development or Manufacture efforts for such Product are terminated (or such later date as required under applicable Law). 
 Regulatory Approval means any and all approvals, licenses, registrations, permits, certificates and other authorizations, consents, waivers and exemptions of any Regulatory Authority that are necessary to market and sell a particular Product in a particular jurisdiction. 
 Regulatory Authority means the FDA and any health regulatory authority in any jurisdiction that is a counterpart to the FDA and holds responsibility for granting regulatory marketing approval for a Product in such jurisdiction, and any successor(s) thereto. 
 Regulatory Filings has the meaning provided in Section 4.8(d). 
 Regulatory Materials means all regulatory applications, submissions and Permits (including all Investigational New Drug Applications and New Drug Applications for FDA purposes, foreign counterparts thereof and all Regulatory Approvals) for the Compound or any Product in the Equillium Territory, and all correspondence with the FDA and other Regulatory Authorities in the Equillium Territory relating to the Compound or any Product or any of the foregoing regulatory applications, submissions and Permits; that, in each case, are in the possession of or controlled by, or held by or for, any Equillium Person at the Closing Date, whether generated, filed or held by or for any Equillium Person. 
 Regulatory Materials Transfer Date has the meaning provided in Section 7.11(b). 
 Related Party means, with respect to any specified Person: (a) any Affiliate of such specified Person; (b) any officer, director, principal or employee of such specified Person; (c) any Immediate Family member of a Person described in clause (b); or (d) any other Person who holds, individually or together with any Affiliate, officer, director, principal or employee of such other Person and any member(s) of such Person s Immediate Family more than 10 of the outstanding voting equity or ownership interests of such specified Person. 
 16 
 
 281923888 v10 

Representatives means, with respect to any Person, the officers, directors, principals, employees, agents, auditors, advisors, bankers and other representatives of such Person. 
 Results means all data (including preclinical, clinical, technical, chemical, safety and scientific data and information), know-how and other results and information generated by or resulting from the performance of the Development Plan, including relevant laboratory notebook information, screening data, regulatory data and synthesis schemes. 
 Sale of the Business has the meaning provided in Section 3.7(c)(i)(4). 
 Service Contracts has the meaning provided in Section 4.7(j). 
 Standard Contracts means (a) shrink wrap or other licenses for generally commercially available software (including open source software) or hosted services, (b) non-exclusive licenses to customers, vendors or suppliers of Equillium entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business, (c) non-disclosure agreements entered into (i) in the Ordinary Course of Business or (ii) in connection with discussions, negotiations and transactions related to this Agreement or other potential strategic transactions, (d) clinical trial Contracts and material transfer Contracts entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business, and (e) any Contract that (i) does not require a payment to or from any Equillium Person in excess of [ ] in any calendar year and (ii) could not otherwise reasonably be expected to be material to the Exploitation of the Program, the Compound, any Product or the Purchased Assets. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any other Person in respect of which the first Person (directly or indirectly, and whether alone or with any other Subsidiary) (a) owns 50 or more of the stock or other equity interests or (b) possesses the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, as trustee or executor, as general partner or managing member, by Contract or otherwise, including the ownership of securities having the power to elect a majority of the board of directors or similar body governing the affairs of such other Person. The term Subsidiary shall include all Subsidiaries of such Subsidiary. 
 Tax Documents has the meaning provided in Section 2.2. 
 Tax Return means any return, declaration, report, statement, information statement, claim for refund and other document filed or required to be filed (or provided to a payee) with a Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof. 
 Taxes means (a) all federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, registration, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs duties or other taxes imposed by a Governmental Authority, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts with respect thereto (including any amounts attributable to the nonpayment thereof or a failure to file any tax return), (b) all liability for payment of amounts described in clause (a) whether as a result of transferee liability, being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined 
 17 
 
 281923888 v10 

or similar group or otherwise through operation of Law and (c) all liability for the payment of amounts described in clauses (a) or (b) as a result of any tax sharing, tax indemnity, tax allocation or similar agreement or arrangement or any other Contract to indemnify any Person. 
 Third Party means any Person other than Ono, Ono s Affiliates, Equillium and Equillium s Subsidiaries. 
 Third Party Claim has the meaning provided in Section 11.5(a). 
 Trade Secrets means trade secrets and confidential business information, including source code, inventions (whether patentable or not), invention disclosures, discoveries, improvements, ideas, research and development, know-how, formulas, compositions, processes and techniques, technical data, designs, drawings, specifications, customer and supplier lists, pricing and cost information, business and marketing plans and proposals and all other documentation relating to any of the foregoing and all corresponding rights in Confidential Information and other non-public information. 
 Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Development Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements. 
 Transaction Taxes has the meaning provided in Section 9.1. 
 Transactions means the transactions and arrangements contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, including (a) the sale of the Purchased Assets and the other transactions and arrangements described in the Recitals and (b) the execution, delivery and performance of the other Transaction Documents. 
 Transferred Information has the meaning provided in Section 7.4(c). 
 Transferred Intellectual Property means (a) the Program Patents, Program Know-How and Data, (b) any Intellectual Property arising from the Program and (c) other than any Excluded Assets, any and all other Intellectual Property in or to the Compound or any Product or that is primarily used or held for use in or necessary for the Exploitation for the Program and that is Controlled by any Equillium Person at the Closing Date, and with respect to each of (a), (b) and (c), all rights to use, enforce, disclose, protect, apply for, file, register, maintain, extend or renew the same, and seek Patent Rights and other protection therefor, all rights to transfer and grant licenses and other rights with respect thereto subject to the licenses and rights granted to Biocon under, and the terms and conditions of, the Biocon License, and all rights to bring Actions for all past, present and future infringements or misappropriations thereof or relating thereto, seek damages, injunctive relief, costs and other remedies on account thereof and to settle, and collect and retain the proceeds from, any such Actions; but, in any event, excluding (i) Biocon s joint ownership interest in and to Joint Inventions and Joint Patents and (ii) Biocon Technology. 
 Update Notice has the meaning provided in Section 7.5(b). 
 Updated Disclosure Schedules has the meaning provided in Section 2.4(a). 
 18 
 
 281923888 v10 

Upfront Payment has the meaning provided in Section 2.2. 
 U.S. means the United States of America. 
 2.	PURCHASE OPTION 
 2.1	Grant of Purchase Option . Subject to the payment by Ono to Equillium of the Upfront Payment in accordance with Section 2.2, Equillium hereby grants to Ono, and Ono hereby accepts, an irrevocable (only during the Option Period and subject to the earlier termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms) and exclusive (as set forth in Section 7.6) option to acquire all of the Purchased Assets on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement (the Purchase Option ), which shall be exercisable only during the Option Period and on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 2.2	Upfront Payment . Within [ ] following receipt by Ono of (a) (i) an invoice issued by Equillium and (ii) taxation documents (Form 3 and Form 17 of the Japan National Tax Agency, and certification of residence issued by the US Internal Revenue Service) ((i) and (ii) collectively, the Tax Documents from Equillium or (b)[ ], Ono shall pay to Equillium a one-time payment of an amount equal to JPY 3.5 billion (the Upfront Payment ). If Equillium delivers the notice referred to in clause (b), Equillium shall[ ]. For the avoidance of doubt, Ono s obligation to pay the Upfront Payment under this Section 2.2 is subject to Section 9.5. 
 2.3	Exercise of Purchase Option . Ono may, in its sole discretion, at any time during the Option Period, exercise the Purchase Option by delivering to Equillium a written notice of Ono s election to exercise the Purchase Option (the Purchase Option Exercise Notice ), which such notice shall contain Ono s selection of one of the following plans: 
 (a)	 a plan to have Equillium continue to perform Development activities on behalf of Ono following the Closing in accordance with the Development Plan following the Closing Outsourced Development Plan ); 
 (b)	 a plan to have Equillium continue to perform Development activities on behalf of Ono following the Closing in accordance with the Development Plan subject to the transition of control and responsibility of other aspects of the Program to Ono as soon as reasonably practicable following the Closing, Partial Development Plan ); or 
 a plan to have Equillium transition full control and responsibility for the Program to Ono as soon as reasonably practicable after the Closing while continuing to perform Development activities in accordance with the Development Plan only until such transition is complete Transition Development Plan ).Ono may only deliver one Purchase Option Exercise Notice during the Option Period, and such Purchase Option Exercise Notice shall be deemed delivered on the date determined in accordance with Section 13.5. If Ono selects the Partial Development Plan, at least [ ] prior to the Closing, Ono shall notify Equillium in writing of those aspects of the Program that Ono wishes to transition from Equillium to Ono. 
 19 
 
 281923888 v10 

2.4	Updated Disclosure Schedules . 
 (a)	 If Ono delivers the Purchase Option Exercise Notice to Equillium during the Option Period, Equillium shall, within [ ] following receipt of the Purchase Option Exercise Notice, deliver to Ono a revised set of disclosure schedules (as updated in accordance with this Section 2.4(b), the Updated Disclosure Schedules reflecting the Update Notices and any other changes to the Disclosure Schedules required to make such Disclosure Schedules and Equillium s representations and warranties contained in Article 4 true, complete and correct in all respects on and as of the date of the Purchase Option Exercise Notice in light of any change, condition or event that occurred or arose after the date of this Agreement. 
 (b)	 Equillium may from time to time deliver to Ono a further revised set of the Updated Disclosure Schedules no later than [ ] prior to the Closing reflecting any other changes to the Updated Disclosure Schedules required to make such Updated Disclosure Schedules and Equillium s representations and warranties contained in Article 4 true, complete and correct in all respects on and as of the date of the delivery of such Updated Disclosure Schedules in light of any change, condition or event that occurred or arose after the last date on which Equillium delivered the Updated Disclosures Schedules to Ono. 
 (c)	 In connection with the delivery of the Updated Disclosure Schedules (including any further revision in accordance with Section 2.4(b)), Equillium shall make available to Ono copies of all Acquired Contracts or other documents referenced in such Updated Disclosure Schedules, and shall provide to Ono any information reasonably requested by Ono in order to evaluate the information disclosed in the Updated Disclosure Schedules. 
 (d)	 [ ] 
 (e)	 [ ] 
 2.5	Effect of No Exercise . If Ono does not deliver a Purchase Option Exercise Notice by 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time on the last day of the Option Period, then at such time (a) the Purchase Option shall no longer be exercisable and shall terminate and be of no further force or effect, (b) this Agreement will terminate subject to the terms of Section 12.3 and (c) the Development Agreement shall terminate pursuant to its terms. 
 3.	PURCHASE AND SALE 
 3.1	Purchase and Sale of Assets . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing, Equillium shall sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver, or cause to be sold, assigned, transferred, conveyed and delivered, to Ono, and Ono shall purchase from Equillium, all of each Equillium Person s right, title and interest, in and to all of the following assets to the extent related primarily to, or otherwise necessary for the Exploitation of, the Program, the Compound or any Product, in each case free and clear of any Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances) (collectively, the Purchased Assets ): 
 20 
 
 281923888 v10 

(a)	 all Transferred Intellectual Property, wherever held or registered, and the right to sue and collect damages related thereto for past, present and future infringement of any of the foregoing; 
 (b)	 the right to claim priority to the provisional applications listed on Schedule 3.1(b) with respect solely to any subject matter disclosed therein that is disclosed in the Program Patents, including subject matter that covers the Compound or any Product (including the composition or formulation of, or any method of making or using, the Compound or any Product); 
 (c)	 all Regulatory Materials; 
 (d)	 the Acquired Contracts; 
 (e)	 all Inventory; 
 (f)	 (i) all research and development reports and disclosure memoranda in the possession of or controlled by any Equillium Person primarily relating to, or otherwise necessary for the Exploitation of, the Program, the Compound or any Product, including study reports, clinical trial related documents (including consent forms, study contracts, site agreements and manuscripts) and in process publications and (ii) all worldwide safety reports in the possession of or controlled by any Equillium Person with respect to the Program, the Compound or any Product; 
 (g)	 all prepaid expenses and deposits related primarily to the Program, the Compound, any Product or any other part of the Business, provided that the inclusion of these assets does not absolve Ono of its obligations to reimburse Equillium pursuant to Article 8; 
 (h)	 all causes of action, lawsuits, judgments, claims, complaints and demands of any nature available to or being pursued by any Equillium Person to the extent related to the Program, the Compound, any Product or any other part of the Business, whether arising by way of counterclaim or otherwise, choate or inchoate, known or unknown or contingent or non-contingent, except to the extent included in the Excluded Assets; 
 (i)	 all guaranties, warranties, indemnities and similar rights in favor of any Equillium Person to the extent primarily related to the Program, the Compound, any Product or any other part of the Business; 
 (j)	 all Books and Records; 
 (k)	 the Mouse Assets; 
 (l)	 all drug samples used, or held for use, in connection with obtaining Regulatory Approval of a Product; 
 (m)	 all Data and Program Know-How and tangible embodiments of Biocon Data and Biocon Know-How (including to the extent any of the foregoing is stored on any electronic medium) in the possession of or controlled by any Equillium Person; and 
 21 
 
 281923888 v10 

(n)	 all other assets of any Equillium Person that are primarily used or held for use in connection with, or otherwise necessary for the Exploitation of, the Program, the Compound or any Product, but excluding any Excluded Assets. 
 3.2	Excluded Assets . For the purposes of this Agreement, the Excluded Assets shall mean any asset of any Equillium Person other than the Purchased Assets, including: 
 (a)	 any asset or class of assets excluded from the definition of Purchased Assets set forth in Section 3.1 by virtue of the limitations set forth therein; 
 (b)	 all assets (including Intellectual Property) of any Equillium Person that are both (i) not primarily used or held for use in the Program and (ii) not necessary for the Program; including all assets (including Intellectual Property) of any Equillium Person primarily used or held for use in the Excluded Programs; 
 (c)	 all Contracts other than the Acquired Contracts; 
 (d)	 all rights of Equillium under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents; 
 (e)	 any cash or cash equivalents; 
 (f)	 any prepaid expenses and deposits that are not Purchased Assets pursuant to Section 3.1(g); 
 (g)	 any Tax records of any Equillium Person (including all Tax Returns) except those solely relating to the Business or the Program; 
 (h)	 all rights of any Equillium Person to any refunds, or rights or claims to refunds, of Taxes, Tax deposits, Tax credits or other Tax assets for any taxable period (or portions thereof) ending on or before the Closing Date; 
 (i)	 insurance policies or the right to make claims under any insurance policy, other than the rights under claims made insurance policies with respect to events occurring after the Closing Date; 
 (j)	 all leasehold interests and, other than the Inventory, all biological or chemical materials, machinery, equipment, furniture, furnishings, fixtures and other tangible property; and 
 (k)	 any asset identified on Schedule 3.2(k) . 
 The Excluded Assets shall be excluded from the sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance and delivery to Ono hereunder, and the Equillium Persons shall retain all right, title and interest in, to and under, the Excluded Assets. To the extent this Section 3.2 conflicts with any other provision of this Agreement, the provisions of this Section 3.2 will control. 
 22 
 
 281923888 v10 

3.3	Assumed Liabilities . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, effective at the Closing, Ono hereby assumes and agrees to pay, perform and discharge (a) all Liabilities of each Equillium Person, to the extent arising out of, relating to (including relating to any fact, circumstance, occurrence, condition, act or omission) or in connection with the Purchased Assets in respect of the period after the Closing, including (i) all Liabilities of each Equillium Person under the Acquired Contracts in respect of the period after the Closing and (ii) those Liabilities set forth on Schedule 3.3 , (b) Ono s share of Transaction Taxes pursuant to Section 9.1 and (c) any Taxes imposed with respect to, arising out of or relating to the Program or the Purchased Assets for any taxable period (or portions thereof) beginning after the Closing Date, in each case, other than the Excluded Liabilities (collectively, the Assumed Liabilities ). 
 3.4	Excluded Liabilities . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Ono shall not assume or have any Liability in respect of any Excluded Liabilities, each of which shall be retained and shall be paid, performed and discharged when due by the Equillium Persons. For the purposes of this Agreement, Excluded Liabilities shall mean the following Liabilities of any Equillium Person: 
 (a)	 all Liabilities arising out of or relating to the Excluded Assets; 
 (b)	 all Liabilities of any Equillium Person to the extent arising out of, relating to or in connection with the Purchased Assets in respect of the period before the Closing, including for the avoidance of doubt any Liability that arises after the Closing but that arises out of, relates to or is in connection with any breach under or failure to comply with any Acquired Contract, applicable Law, Permit or Order that occurred at or before the Closing; 
 (c)	 any trade accounts payable, other accrued expenses or other current liabilities of any Equillium Person; 
 (d)	 any notes payable or long-term debt of any Equillium Person; 
 (e)	 all Taxes arising out of, relating to or in connection with the Program or the Purchased Assets attributable to any taxable period (or portions thereof) ending on or before the Closing Date; 
 (f)	 Equillium s share of Transaction Taxes pursuant to Section 9.1; 
 (g)	 all Liabilities in respect of the Representatives of any Equillium Person; 
 (h)	 all Liabilities and obligations of Equillium under, or arising or incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution or performance of, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents; 
 (i)	 except for Liabilities arising or incurred with respect to the Development Agreement, which shall be handled in accordance with the terms of the Development Agreement, all Liabilities arising or incurred in connection with the acts or omissions of any Equillium Person after the Closing, provided that this clause (i) shall not limit Ono s obligations under Section 11.2(b)(ii); and 
 23 
 
 281923888 v10 

(j)	 all Liabilities arising out of or relating to the Contracts set forth on Schedule 4.15 of the Disclosure Schedules. 
 The Excluded Liabilities shall be excluded from the assignment, transfer, conveyance and delivery to, and assumption by, Ono hereunder, and the Equillium Persons shall retain and pay, perform and discharge when due all the Excluded Liabilities. To the extent this Section 3.4 conflicts with any other provision of this Agreement, the provisions of this Section 3.4 will control. 
 3.5	Consents and Waivers; Further Assurances . 
 (a)	 Nothing in this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements shall be construed as an agreement to assign any Purchased Asset or Assumed Liability that by its terms or pursuant to applicable Law is not capable of being sold, assigned, transferred or delivered without the consent or waiver of a Third Party or Governmental Authority unless and until such consent or waiver shall be given. The Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such consents and waivers and to resolve the impediments to the sale, assignment, transfer or delivery contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements and to obtain any other consents and waivers necessary to convey to Ono all of the Business. In the event any such consents or waivers are not obtained prior to the Closing Date, Equillium shall continue for a period of [ ] following the Closing to use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the relevant consents or waivers. Equillium shall reasonably cooperate with Ono in any lawful and economically feasible arrangement to provide Ono with the benefit of the interest Equillium had in each Purchased Asset not sold, assigned, transferred or delivered to Ono, including performance by Equillium, if economically feasible, as agent; provided, however, that Ono shall undertake to pay or satisfy the corresponding liabilities for the enjoyment of such benefit to the extent Ono would have been responsible therefor hereunder if such consents or waivers had been obtained. After the expiry of such [ ]period, any unassigned Purchased Asset shall be deemed an Excluded Asset and Equillium shall have no further obligation to Ono with respect to such Excluded Assets. 
 (b)	 From time to time at or following the Closing, each Party shall execute, acknowledge and deliver all such further conveyances, notices, assumptions and releases and such other instruments as reasonably necessary to convey the Purchased Assets to Ono pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall take such further actions, as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to transfer fully to Ono all the Purchased Assets and to assure fully to Equillium the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, from time to time at or following the Closing, upon Ono s reasonable request and at Equillium s expense, Equillium shall: (i) execute, acknowledge and deliver all such further conveyances, notices, assumptions and releases and such other instruments as may be reasonably necessary to perfect, record, evidence, establish or confirm Ono s sole ownership (or, in the case of Joint Patents, Ono s joint ownership with Biocon) of all right, title and interest in and to the Transferred Intellectual Property and as may be necessary for Ono to have standing to prosecute, maintain, enforce and defend the Program Patents; (ii) provide copies of any documentation in Equillium s or its patent counsel s possession relating to inventorship of inventions claimed in the Program Patents and of any inventor assignments related thereto; and (iii) to the extent required under applicable Law, adequately compensate any inventors of Transferred Intellectual Property. 
 24 
 
 281923888 v10 

(c)	 In addition to Section 3.5(b), Equillium shall also, at any time upon Ono s reasonable request and at Ono s expense, reasonably cooperate with Ono in the prosecution, maintenance, enforcement, or defense of the Transferred Intellectual Property, including by reasonably providing information, and executing and delivering documents and other instruments as may be reasonably requested by Ono. 
 3.6	Closing . 
 (a)	 In the event that the Option Exercise Effective Date occurs, the sale and purchase of the Purchased Assets and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall take place via electronic exchange of the documentation required to be delivered at the Closing in accordance with Sections 3.6(b) and (c), on the [ ] following the satisfaction or, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, waiver of all conditions to the obligations of the Parties set forth in Article 10 (other than such conditions as may, by their terms, only be satisfied at the Closing or on the Closing Date), or at such other place or at such other time or on such other date as Equillium and Ono mutually may agree in writing. The day on which the Closing takes place is referred to as the Closing Date . 
 (b)	 At the Closing, Ono shall: 
 (i)	 pay or cause to be paid to Equillium an amount equal to the Closing Payment; 
 (ii)	 deliver or cause to be delivered to Equillium: 
 (1)	 a counterpart to the Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement, duly executed by Ono; 
 (2)	 a counterpart to the Assignment of Intellectual Property, duly executed by Ono; and 
 (3)	 a certificate certifying the fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Section 10.2(a), duly executed by an authorized representative of Ono. 
 (c)	 At the Closing, Equillium shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Ono: 
 (i)	 the following documents: 
 (1)	 a counterpart to the Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement, duly executed by Equillium; 
 (2)	 a counterpart to the Assignment of Intellectual Property, duly executed by Equillium; and 
 (3)	 a certificate certifying the fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Sections 10.3(a) and (b), duly executed by an authorized representative of Equillium; 
 25 
 
 281923888 v10 

(ii)	 all Transferred Information in accordance with Section 7.4(c); 
 (iii)	 all tangible Purchased Assets; and 
 (iv)	 all means of access to the Purchased Assets, including, if applicable, all keys, combinations, access codes, account numbers and passwords associated with the Purchased Assets. 
 (d)	 All of the actions to be taken and documents to be executed and delivered at the Closing (as provided in Sections 3.6(b) and (c)) shall be deemed to be taken, executed and delivered simultaneously, and no such action, execution or delivery will be effective until all are complete. 
 3.7	Contingent Consideration . 
 (a)	Milestone Payments . Within [ ] following the first occurrence of each of the events set forth in the table below (each, a Milestone Event and collectively, the Milestone Events ), whether any such Milestone Event is achieved by Ono (including by Equillium on Ono s behalf pursuant to this Agreement or the Development Agreement), any Affiliate of Ono or any Ono Licensee, Ono shall deliver written notice to Equillium of the achievement of such Milestone Event. Within [ ] following delivery by Equillium to Ono of the Tax Documents in respect of the amount corresponding to such Milestone Event in the table below (each, a Milestone Payment ), Ono shall pay such Milestone Payment to Equillium in cash; provided, however, that the Milestone Payment with respect to any Milestone Event that occurs prior to the Closing shall be included in the Closing Payment and shall not be payable prior to the Closing or if the Closing does not occur for any reason. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Ono shall have no obligation to pay the relevant Milestone Payment to Equillium with respect to any Milestone Event (i) [ ] or (ii) [ ]. 

Milestone Event 
 Milestone Payment 

1.	[ ] 
 [ ] USD 

2.	[ ] 
 [ ] USD 

3.	[ ] 
 [ ] USD 

4.	[ ] 
 [ ] USD 

5.	[ ] 
 [ ]USD 

If Milestone Event 2 is achieved without Milestone Event 1 having first been achieved, then the Milestone Payments corresponding to both Milestone Event 1 and Milestone Event 2 shall be payable upon the achievement of Milestone Event 2. 
 Each of the Milestone Payments set forth above shall be payable only one time, for the first achievement of the applicable Milestone Event. 
 26 
 
 281923888 v10 

(b)	Diligence Obligation . In respect of each Milestone Event, commencing upon the Closing and continuing until the earliest of (i) such time as the relevant Milestone Payment under Section 3.7(a) has been paid, (ii) [ ] after the Closing and (iii) the expiry of any Discontinuation Notice Period relating to a Development Discontinuation, a Commercialization Discontinuation or a Biocon License Termination or, if Equillium delivers to Ono a notice of interest in accordance with Section 3.7(c)(ii), the relevant Negotiation Period (the Diligence Period ), Ono shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to [ ]. In addition, and without limiting Ono s obligations with respect to the Assumed Liabilities, Ono shall comply with the diligence obligations under the Biocon License. For the avoidance of doubt, after the expiry of the Diligence Period in respect of any Milestone Event, Ono shall not be required to perform its diligence obligations in respect of such Milestone Event pursuant to this Section 3.7(b). Equillium s sole and exclusive remedy in respect of any breach by Ono of this Section 3.7(b) shall be indemnification under Section 11.2(b)(ii). 
 (c)	Notice of Certain Events . 
 (i)	 Without limiting the generality of Ono s obligations under Sections 3.7(d) and 3.7(e), if, at any time during the Diligence Period: 
 (1)	 before Regulatory Approval of any Product for at least one Indication in the Equillium Territory is obtained, Ono (or the applicable Milestone Obligor(s)) considers discontinuing, or makes a determination to discontinue, Development of all Products or efforts to seek Regulatory Approval of all Products for all indications in all of the Equillium Territory (a Development Discontinuation ); 
 (2)	 after Regulatory Approval of any Product for at least one Indication in the Equillium Territory is obtained, Ono (or the applicable Milestone Obligor(s)) considers discontinuing (or not pursuing), or makes a determination to discontinue or not to pursue), commercialization of all Products in all of the Equillium Territory (a Commercialization Discontinuation ); 
 (3)	 Ono proposes to terminate the Biocon License for any reason (a Biocon License Termination ); or 
 (4)	 Ono makes a determination to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of substantially all the assets of the Program as operated by Ono or Ono s business related thereto (in each case, the Itolizumab Business ), following the Closing Date (a Sale of the Business ), 
 then, in each case, Ono shall promptly notify Equillium of the proposed or planned Development Discontinuation, Commercialization Discontinuation, Biocon License Termination or Sale of the Business in writing (such notice, a Discontinuation Notice ). 
 (ii)	 During the [ ] period beginning on delivery of the Discontinuation Notice (the Discontinuation Notice Period ), Ono shall not, as applicable, (A) take steps to initiate the Development Discontinuation, or, except to the extent a Regulatory Authority requires the withdrawal of Products from the market in a country of the Equillium 
 27 
 
 281923888 v10 

Territory, the Commercialization Discontinuation or (B) deliver notice of termination of the Biocon License to Biocon. If Equillium delivers to Ono written notice of its interest in taking over the Itolizumab Business prior to the end of the Discontinuation Notice Period, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith for up to [ ] from the delivery of such notice of interest (the Negotiation Period regarding the commercially reasonable terms and conditions upon which Ono would sell, license or otherwise transfer the Itolizumab Business to Equillium. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Ono shall not be prohibited from conducting discussions and negotiations or entering into any binding agreement with any Third Party regarding a Sale of the Business during the Discontinuation Notice Period and, if applicable, the Negotiation Period. 
 (d)	Update Reports . Until the expiration of the Diligence Period, Ono shall send to Equillium a status report regarding the Development, registration and commercialization of Products in the Equillium Territory and the status of efforts to achieve the Milestone Events (each such report, an Update Report ), with the first such Update Report due [ ].Within [ ] after receipt of an Update Report, if Equillium requests a meeting with representatives of Ono to discuss such report, Ono shall make available for such a meeting (i) those of its employees and representatives who are responsible for the applicable activities set forth in the Update Report, (ii) at least one of its senior officers with operating responsibility for the activities of Ono related to the Milestone Events and (iii) a qualified, designated employee(s) with appropriate expertise and knowledge of Ono s Development, registration and commercialization activities with respect to Products (whether undertaken by Ono or any other Milestone Obligor), in each case who can respond to the reasonable questions posed by Equillium. 
 (e)	Restrictions on Disposition of Program . Ono shall not consolidate with or merge into any other Person, assign, convey, transfer, license or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person, or assign, convey, transfer, license or lease substantially all of the Purchased Assets or substantially all of the assets of the Program as operated by Ono following the Closing Date, to any Person (and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall not consummate a Sale of the Business to any Third Party), unless such Person has expressly assumed (or will by operation of Law assume) the obligation to pay each previously unpaid Milestone Payment when due, all of Ono s obligations under the Biocon Agreements and the obligation to perform every other duty and covenant of Ono under this Agreement. 
 (f)	Late Payments . In the event that any Milestone Payment due under Section 3.7(a) or any Development Funding due under Section 8.10(b) or (d) is not made when due, the amount of such overdue payment shall accrue interest at a rate [ ] over the [ ], for the period from the due date for payment until the date of actual payment; provided, however, that in no event shall such rate exceed the maximum legal annual interest rate. The payment of such interest shall not limit Equillium from exercising any other rights it may have as a consequence of the lateness of any payment under Section 3.7(a) or 8.10(b) or (d). 
 (g)	Milestone Disputes . If Equillium believes in good faith that a Milestone Event has been achieved, it shall notify Ono in writing of such belief and provide Ono with evidence of justification that such Milestone Event has been achieved. To the extent that Ono agrees, Ono shall make (or cause to be made) to Equillium the applicable Milestone Payment within [ ] after receipt of such notice in accordance with Section 3.7(a), together with any late 
 28 
 
 281923888 v10 

payment interest payable in accordance with Section 3.7(f) accruing from [ ] after the earlier of (a) the date of such notice and (b) the date on which Ono had actual knowledge of the achievement of such Milestone Event, through the date the Milestone Payment is actually paid to Equillium. To the extent that Ono disagrees and disputes such achievement, the Parties shall discuss and attempt to resolve such dispute. If the Parties are unable to resolve such dispute within [ ] of notification by Equillium of its belief, the Parties shall submit the dispute for arbitration in accordance with Section 13.10. 
 4.	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF EQUILLIUM 
 Equillium makes the following representations and warranties to Ono (a) on the date of this Agreement, as of such date, qualified by the disclosures set forth in the Disclosure Schedules and (b) on the Closing Date, as of such date, qualified by the disclosures set forth in the Updated Disclosure Schedules (subject to Section 2.4(d)): 
 4.1	Organization and Qualification . Equillium is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. Equillium is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could reasonably be expected to (a) have a Material Adverse Effect or (b) materially impair the ability of Equillium to consummate, or prevent or materially delay, any of the Transactions. 
 4.2	Authority . Equillium has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it will be a party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The execution, delivery and performance by Equillium of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it will be a party and the consummation by Equillium of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action. This Agreement has been, and upon their execution each of the other Transaction Documents to which Equillium will be a party will have been, duly executed and delivered by Equillium and, assuming due execution and delivery by each of the other parties hereto and thereto, this Agreement constitutes, and upon their execution each of the other Transaction Documents to which Equillium will be a party will constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligations of Equillium, enforceable against Equillium in accordance with their respective terms subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws relating to or affecting (a) creditors rights, (b) general principles of equity or (c) the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies. 
 4.3	No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents . 
 (a)	 The execution, delivery and performance by Equillium of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which Equillium will be a party, and the consummation of the Transactions, do not and will not (with or without notice or lapse of time or both): 
 (i)	 conflict with or violate any Equillium Person s Constituent Documents; 
 29 
 
 281923888 v10 

(ii)	 conflict with or violate any Law or Permit applicable to any Equillium Person, the Program or any of the Business or by which any Equillium Person, the Program or any of the Business may be bound or affected; 
 (iii)	 (A) result in any breach of, (B) constitute a default under, (C) require any consent or approval of or notice to any Person pursuant to, (D) give to any other Person any express right of termination, amendment, modification, acceleration or cancellation of, (E) allow the imposition of any fees or penalties, require the offering or making of any payment to or give rise to any increased, guaranteed, accelerated or additional rights or entitlements of any Person in respect of or (F) result in the creation of any Encumbrance (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on any of the Purchased Assets pursuant to, in each case any Core Contract; or 
 (iv)	 (A) allow the imposition of any fees or penalties, require the offering or making of any payment to or give rise to any increased, guaranteed, accelerated or additional rights or entitlements of any Person in respect of or (B) result in the creation of any Encumbrance (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on any of the Purchased Assets pursuant to, in each case any Standard Contract. 
 (b)	 No Equillium Person is required to file, seek or obtain any notice, authorization, approval, order, permit, consent or other Permit of or with any Governmental Authority in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by Equillium of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents to which it will be a party or the consummation of the Transactions. 
 4.4	Purchased Assets . For purposes of this Section 4.4, the representations and warranties made as of the date of this Agreement are in respect of the Purchased Assets as of the date of this Agreement. 
 (a)	 The Equillium Persons have good and valid title to or a valid leasehold interest in all of the tangible Purchased Assets, free and clear of any Encumbrance (other than Permitted Encumbrances). 
 (b)	 At the Closing, Ono will receive good, valid and marketable title to (or a valid leasehold interest in, as the case may be) the tangible Purchased Assets. 
 (c)	 The tangible Purchased Assets comprise all of the tangible assets used in connection with the Program and that are necessary for the continuation of the Program. 
 (d)	 All tangible Purchased Assets owned or leased by any Equillium Person are structurally sound, in good operating condition (normal wear and tear excepted) and adequate for the uses to which such tangible Purchased Assets are used. 
 (e)	 Except for used, obsolete, damaged or defective Inventory that has been written off or reserved for in Equillium s most recent financial statements filed with its quarterly report on Form 10-Q with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022, all Inventory (i) was acquired and has been maintained in the Ordinary Course of Business, and (ii) is of good and merchantable quality. 
 30 
 
 281923888 v10 

(f)	 The Purchased Assets do not comprise any real property, fixed assets or rights under any Contracts of employment or any interest in any of the foregoing. 
 4.5	Compliance with Law; Permits . 
 (a)	 Each Equillium Person is, and at all times since the Lookback Date has been, in compliance in all material respects with all Laws applicable in respect of the conduct of the Program, the ownership and conduct of the Business and the use of the Purchased Assets. 
 (b)	 No Equillium Person nor, to Equillium s Knowledge, any of their respective Representatives, has received since the Lookback Date any written notice, order or Action from any Governmental Authority alleging that any Equillium Person is not in compliance with any such Laws. 
 (c)	 No Equillium Person nor any of their respective officers, directors, principals or employees has: 
 (i)	 offered, authorized, made or paid, directly or indirectly, any bribes, kickbacks or other similar payments or offers or transfers of value to any Government Official (or to another Person at the request or with the assent or acquiescence of such Government Official) in connection with obtaining or retaining business or to secure an improper advantage in connection with the Program or the Business; or 
 (ii)	 directly or indirectly committed any violation of any applicable Law that relates to bribery, corruption or money laundering, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 1977, in connection with the Program or the Business. 
 (d)	 Schedule 4.5 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and complete list of all material Permits necessary for each Equillium Person to own, lease and use the Purchased Assets and to carry on the Program as currently conducted. The Equillium Persons hold all such Permits and each Equillium Person is, and at all times since the Lookback Date has been, in compliance in all material respects with all such Permits. All such Permits are in full force and effect and no suspension, cancellation, modification, revocation or nonrenewal of any Permit is pending or threatened in writing. True and complete copies of such Permits in connection with the EQUATOR trial (and all amendments thereto) have been made available to Ono prior to the date of this Agreement. 
 (e)	 No Equillium Person has received any written notice, order or Action since the Lookback Date from any Governmental Authority alleging that any Equillium Person is not in compliance with any Permits referred to in Section 4.5(d). 
 (f)	 No Equillium Person engages in (i) the design, fabrication, development, testing, production or manufacture of one or more critical technologies within the meaning of the U.S. Defense Production Act 1950, as amended, including all implementing regulations thereof (the DPA ), (ii) the ownership, operation, maintenance, supply, manufacture or servicing of covered investment critical infrastructure within the meaning of the DPA (where such activities are covered by column 2 of Appendix A to 31 C.F.R. Part 800) or (iii) the maintenance or 
 31 
 
 281923888 v10 

collection, directly or indirectly, of sensitive personal data of U.S. citizens within the meaning of the DPA. 
 4.6	Litigation . 
 (a)	 Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6 of the Disclosure Schedules, (i) there is no Action pending or threatened in writing in connection with the Program or the Business or any Equillium Person s conduct or ownership thereof and (ii) to Equillium s Knowledge, no such Action has been initiated since the Lookback Date. 
 (b)	 There is no Action pending or threatened in writing against any Equillium Person that would, or would be reasonably likely to, delay, restrain, prevent, enjoin or otherwise prohibit the execution, delivery or performance by Equillium of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents to which it will be a party or consummation of the Transactions. 
 (c)	 There is no Order of, or investigation pending or threatened in writing by, any Governmental Authority relating to (i) the Program or the Business or any Equillium Person s conduct or ownership thereof or (ii) the Transactions. 
 (d)	 There is no Action by any Equillium Person pending, or which any Equillium Person intends to initiate, against any other Person in connection with the Program or the Business. 
 4.7	Intellectual Property . 
 (a)	 Except for Biocon s joint ownership interest in and to any Joint Inventions and Joint Patents or as set forth on Schedule 4.7(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, the Equillium Persons are the exclusive owners of all right, title and interest in and to the Transferred Intellectual Property, free and clear of all Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances. No Equillium Person has transferred ownership of, or granted any exclusive license of, or exclusive right to use, or authorized the retention of any exclusive rights to use or joint ownership of, any Transferred Intellectual Property to any other Person. 
 (b)	 At the Closing, Ono will receive good, valid and marketable title to (i) the Transferred Intellectual Property, (ii) all Regulatory Materials, (iii) all Data and Program Know-How (including to the extent any of the foregoing is stored on any electronic medium) in the possession of or controlled by any Equillium Person and (iv) the assets set forth in Sections 3.1(b) and (h). 
 (c)	 The Transferred Intellectual Property and the Biocon Technology constitute all the Intellectual Property used in connection with the Program. 
 (d)	 Schedule 4.7(d)(i) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a complete and accurate list of all patent applications and patents owned by any Equillium Person that claim inventions that are primarily used or held for use in or necessary for the Program (the Listed Owned Patents and identifies any Listed Owned Patents that are Joint Patents. To Equillium s Knowledge, Schedule 4.7(d)(ii) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a complete and accurate list of all patents Controlled but not owned by any Equillium Person that claim inventions that are 
 32 
 
 281923888 v10 

primarily used or held for use in or necessary for the Program (the Listed Licensed Patents and, collectively with the Listed Owned Patents, the Listed Patents ). Other than the Listed Patents, no Equillium Person owns or controls any patents that are primarily used or held for use in or necessary for the Program. 
 (e)	 All Listed Owned Patents and, to Equillium s Knowledge, all Listed Licensed Patents, have been duly filed and maintained, including the timely submission of all necessary filings and fees in accordance with the legal and administrative requirements of the appropriate Governmental Authority, and have not lapsed (other than lapsed provisional applications that have been converted to non-provisional applications), expired or been abandoned. No Equillium Person has received any written notice of any inventorship challenge, interference, invalidity or unenforceability with respect to any Listed Owned Patent or, to Equillium s Knowledge, the Listed Licensed Patents. All assignments of the Listed Owned Patents to each Equillium Person and proper documentation of chain of title thereto have been executed in writing and properly recorded with the applicable Governmental Entity, including the United States Patent and Trademark Office, in the name of the relevant Equillium Person. To Equillium s Knowledge, all assignments of the Listed Licensed Patents and proper documentation of chain of title thereto have been executed in writing and properly recorded with the applicable Governmental Authority, including the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 
 (f)	 There are no actions that are required to be taken (i) in the case of the representation and warranty made as of the date of this Agreement, within 90 days of the date of this Agreement or (ii) in the case of the representation and warranty made on the Closing Date, within 90 days of the Closing Date, with respect to the Listed Owned Patents or, to Equillium s Knowledge, the Listed Licensed Patents, including the payment of any registration, maintenance or renewal fees or the filing of any response to the United States Patent and Trademark Office actions or foreign equivalents. 
 (g)	 No Equillium Person is a party to any pending and served proceeding or, to Equillium s Knowledge, pending but not served proceeding or threatened proceeding, in which any Person is (i) contesting the right of any Equillium Person to use, exercise, sell, license, transfer or dispose of any Transferred Intellectual Property, Biocon Technology, the Compound, any Product or any right or interest in any of the foregoing or (ii) challenging the validity or enforceability of any Listed Owned Patent or the ownership of any Transferred Intellectual Property, and no Equillium Person has received any written communication threatening any such proceeding. To Equillium s Knowledge, there is no pending proceeding or proceeding that has been threatened in writing where any Person is (A) contesting the right of Biocon or any sublicensee of Biocon to use, exercise, sell, license, transfer or dispose of any Biocon Technology or any right or interest therein or (B) challenging the validity or enforceability of any Listed Licensed Patent, and, to Equillium s Knowledge, since the Lookback Date, no such proceeding has been threatened in writing. No Equillium Person is subject to any outstanding Order restricting in any manner the licensing, assignment, transfer, use or conveyance of the Transferred Intellectual Property or Biocon Technology or any right or interest therein by such Equillium Person. 
 (h)	 Schedule 4.7(h) of the Disclosure Schedules lists all licenses, sublicenses and other agreements to which any Equillium Person is a party and pursuant to which any Person is 
 33 
 
 281923888 v10 

granted (i) any right to Exploit the Compound or any Product, or to otherwise Exploit any Transferred Intellectual Property or Biocon Technology, (ii) any covenant not to assert/sue or other immunity from suit under or any other rights to, any Transferred Intellectual Property or Biocon Technology, (iii) any ownership right or title, whether actual or contingent, to any Transferred Intellectual Property or (iv) any option or right of first refusal relating to any Transferred Intellectual Property or Biocon Technology (collectively, Outbound Licenses ); provided that without prejudice to their status as Outbound Licenses , Schedule 4.7(h) of the Disclosure Schedules need not list (1) non-disclosure agreements, (2) materials transfer agreements on customary terms, (3) Service Contracts or (4) the Development Agreement. Equillium has delivered or otherwise made available to Ono accurate and complete copies of all Outbound Licenses, and each Equillium Person is in compliance with all Outbound Licenses in all material respects. 
 (i)	 Schedule 4.7(i) of the Disclosure Schedules lists all licenses, sublicenses and other agreements to which any Equillium Person is a party and pursuant to which any Third Party grants to any Equillium Person (i) any right to Exploit the Compound or any Product, or to otherwise Exploit any Transferred Intellectual Property or Biocon Technology, (ii) any covenant not to assert/sue or other immunity from suit under or any other rights to, any Intellectual Property claiming or covering the Exploitation of the Compound or any Product or Biocon Technology, (iii) any ownership right or title, whether actual or contingent, to any Intellectual Property claiming or covering the Exploitation of the Compound or any Product, or any other Transferred Intellectual Property or Biocon Technology or (iv) an option or right of first refusal relating to any Intellectual Property claiming or covering the Exploitation of the Compound or any Product, or any other Transferred Intellectual Property or Biocon Technology (collectively, Inbound Licenses ); provided that (x) without prejudice to their status as Inbound Licenses , Schedule 4.7(i) of the Disclosure Schedules need not list (1) licenses for off-the-shelf software or generally available software, (2) non-disclosure agreements, (3) material transfer agreements on customary terms and (4) Service Contracts and (y) Schedule 4.7(i) of the Disclosure Schedules need not list, and Inbound Licenses do not include, invention assignment agreements with employees, consultants and contractors that assign or grant to any Equillium Person ownership of inventions and intellectual property developed in the course of providing services to any Equillium Person by such employees, consultants and contractors. Schedule 4.7(i) of the Disclosure Schedules also identifies all Inbound Licenses requiring any Equillium Person to license, assign or otherwise grant rights to any other Person for any additions, modifications or improvements to any Transferred Intellectual Property made by or for any Equillium Person. Equillium has delivered or otherwise made available to Ono copies of all Inbound Licenses, and each Equillium Person is in compliance with all Inbound Licenses in all material respects. 
 (j)	 Schedule 4.7(j) of the Disclosure Schedules lists all agreements for Development (including pre-clinical and clinical) or other services being provided by any Third Party related to the Program, the Compound or any Product Service Contracts ), provided that, without prejudice to their status as Service Contracts , Schedule 4.7(j) of the Disclosure Schedules need not list Standard Contracts. Equillium has delivered or otherwise made available to Ono copies of all Service Contracts (other than Standard Contracts), and each applicable Equillium Person is in compliance with all Service Contracts in all material respects. Equillium has provided Ono with access to (i) all material Data, (ii) to the extent existing in recorded form, 
 34 
 
 281923888 v10 

all material Program Know-How and (iii) all material Biocon Data in any Equillium Person s possession in recorded form. Equillium has provided to Ono or made available current, true and complete copies of all Regulatory Materials. 
 (k)	 Each Equillium Person s conduct of the Program and each Equillium Person s practice of any Transferred Intellectual Property or Biocon Technology has not infringed or misappropriated any Intellectual Property rights of any Person. No Equillium Person has received any written communication (i) alleging that the conduct of the Program or the practice of any Transferred Intellectual Property or Biocon Technology infringes or misappropriates the Intellectual Property rights of any Person or (ii) notifying such Equillium Person that the conduct of the Program or the practice of any Transferred Intellectual Property or Biocon Technology requires a license to any Person s Intellectual Property. 
 (l)	 No Equillium Person has brought any Action alleging: (i) infringement of any Transferred Intellectual Property or Biocon Technology; or (ii) breach of any Outbound License, and, to Equillium s Knowledge, there does not exist any fact which could reasonably form the basis of any such allegation of breach. No Equillium Person has entered into any agreement granting any third Person the right to bring infringement actions with respect to, or otherwise to enforce rights with respect to, any Transferred Intellectual Property or Biocon Technology. 
 (m)	 Each Equillium Person has taken all commercially reasonable and customary measures and precautions necessary to protect and maintain the confidentiality of the Program Know-How and Biocon Know-How. Each Equillium Person has complied in all material respects with all applicable Laws pertaining to privacy and security of protected health information within the Clinical Data or the Regulatory Materials. No Equillium Person has received any written communication alleging any violation of such Laws. 
 (n)	 Neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, nor the consummation of the Transactions, will (i) result in or give any other Person the right to cause a loss of, or Encumbrance, or restriction on any Transferred Intellectual Property, including any non-compete or similar restrictions related to the operation of the Program anywhere in the world, (ii) constitute a breach by any Equillium Person of any Inbound Licenses or Outbound Licenses, (iii) result in the grant, assignment or transfer to any other Person of any license or other rights or interests under any Transferred Intellectual Property or (iv) cause any modification, cancellation, termination, suspension of, or acceleration of any payment with respect to any Inbound License or Outbound License. 
 (o)	 Each current or former employee, consultant and independent contractor employed by any Equillium Person or providing services related to the Program or the Transferred Intellectual Property has executed a valid and binding written agreement (i) expressly assigning to such Equillium Person all right, title and interest in any Transferred Intellectual Property invented, created, developed, conceived or reduced to practice during the term of such employee s employment or such consultant s or independent contractor s work related to the Transferred Intellectual Property and (ii) requiring each such employee, consultant or independent contractor to protect and preserve all confidential Transferred Intellectual Property and Third Party 
 35 
 
 281923888 v10 

confidential information. Such assignments have either been directly assigned to Equillium or indirectly assigned to Equillium through intercompany agreements. 
 (p)	 Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7(p) of the Disclosure Schedules, no Equillium Person has, and to Equillium s Knowledge, neither Biocon nor any of its sublicensees has (i) sought, applied for or received any support, funding, resources, materials or assistance from any Governmental Authority, university, college or other educational or non-profit institution or research center in connection with the Program or the creation or development of the Transferred Intellectual Property or (ii) used any facilities of any Governmental Authority, university, college or other educational institution or research center in connection with the Program or the creation or development of the Transferred Intellectual Property. To Equillium s Knowledge, no current or former employee who was in any way involved in (or has in any way contributed to) the Program or the creation or development of the Transferred Intellectual Property has performed services for any Governmental Authority, university, college or other educational or non-profit institution or research center during a period of time during which such employee was also performing services for any Equillium Person that could result in any adverse claim or right relating to the Transferred Intellectual Property. No Governmental Authority, university, college or other educational or non-profit institution or research center has (a) any claim of right to ownership of or other Encumbrances with respect to the Transferred Intellectual Property or (b) to Equillium s Knowledge, asserted in writing any such claim with respect to the Biocon Technology, in each case (a) and (b) other than Permitted Encumbrances. 
 4.8	Regulatory Compliance 
 (a)	 The use of the Purchased Assets and the operation of the Program are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws and there are no material violations of any such Laws. 
 (b)	 Since the Lookback Date, Equillium has not received any written or, to Equillium s Knowledge, oral notice from any Regulatory Authority alleging any material non-compliance with any Laws applicable to the conduct of the Program. 
 (c)	 There are no Actions pending or threatened in writing or, to Equillium s Knowledge, orally by any Regulatory Authority which could reasonably be expected to prohibit or impede the conduct of the Program as currently conducted or contemplated to be conducted. 
 (d)	 The Equillium Persons have filed all forms, applications, notices, statements, reports, data and other information and documents required to be filed with any Regulatory Authority in connection with the conduct of the Program (collectively, the Regulatory Filings ), and all such filings have been made in a timely manner, except where a failure to file timely could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Equillium Person has made any materially false or misleading statements in, or, to Equillium s Knowledge, material omissions from, any Regulatory Filing. Equillium has delivered or made available to Ono true and complete copies of (i) the Regulatory Filings, including all supplements and amendments thereto and (ii) all material written communications to and from the FDA and each other Regulatory Authority. 
 36 
 
 281923888 v10 

(e)	 To Equillium s Knowledge, the Regulatory Filings do not contain any materially false or misleading statements based on information provided by or on behalf of Biocon or its Affiliates. 
 (f)	 No officer, director, principal, employee or, to Equillium s Knowledge, any other Representative, in each case of any Equillium Person, has been excluded from participating in the Medicare program or any other program of a Governmental Authority. None of the officers, directors, agents or managing employees (as that term is defined in 42 U.S.C. 1320a 5(b)) of any Equillium Person have been excluded from participating in the Medicare program or any other program of any Governmental Authority or been subject to sanction pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1320a 7a or 1320a 8 or been convicted of a criminal offense under the Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a 7b). No employee or contractor of Equillium has been debarred by the FDA pursuant to section 306 of the FDCA (21 U.S.C. 335a) or has been convicted of a crime that could lead to debarment. 
 (g)	 Each Equillium Person: 
 (i)	 is and at all times has been in compliance with all Laws applicable to the Development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export, disposal or other Exploitation of the Compound or any Product; 
 (ii)	 has not received any FDA Form 483, notice of adverse finding, warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from any Regulatory Authority alleging or asserting non-compliance with any Laws or Authorizations in connection with the Program; 
 (iii)	 possesses all Authorizations necessary for its conduct of the Program and no Equillium Person is in material violation of any such Authorization; 
 (iv)	 has not received notice of any Action from any Regulatory Authority or Third Party alleging that the Compound or any Product, the conduct of the Program or any other operation or activity related to the Compound or any Product is in violation of any Laws or Authorizations and, to Equillium s Knowledge, no Regulatory Authority or Third Party is considering any such Action; 
 (v)	 has not received notice that any Regulatory Authority has taken, is taking or intends to take any action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorization related to the Program; and 
 (vi)	 has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments with respect to the Program as required by any Laws or Authorizations, and all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were materially complete and correct on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission where required by applicable Law). 
 37 
 
 281923888 v10 

4.9	Clinical Studies . 
 (a)	 The preclinical studies and clinical trials of the Compound and the Products conducted by or on behalf of (i) any Equillium Person and (ii) to Equillium s Actual Knowledge, Biocon, in each case were and, if still ongoing, are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with experimental protocols, informed consents, procedures and controls pursuant to accepted professional scientific standards and all Laws and Authorizations applicable to such studies and trials, including the FDCA and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. All materials used in such trials complied with applicable Laws and Authorizations, and there have not been any material deficiencies or defects in such materials. 
 (b)	 No Equillium Person has received any notices or correspondence from any Regulatory Authority requiring the termination, suspension or material modification of any preclinical study or clinical trial of the Compound or any Product conducted by or on behalf of any Equillium Person. No Equillium Person has received any written or, to Equillium s Knowledge, oral communication from any Person threatening any Action against such Equillium Person arising from the administration of the Compound or any Product to any Person in the course of any clinical trial conducted by or on behalf of such Equillium Person. 
 4.10	Acquired Contracts . 
 (a)	 The Contracts listed on Schedule 4.10 of the Disclosure Schedules represent all Core Contracts in effect as of the date of this Agreement. Equillium has delivered or made available to Ono true and complete copies of all Core Contracts, including any amendments or supplements thereto. 
 (b)	 The Acquired Contracts comprise all of the Contracts used in connection with the Program. 
 (c)	 Each Acquired Contract is a legal, valid, binding and enforceable agreement of each relevant Equillium Person and, to Equillium s Knowledge, each other party thereto, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws relating to or affecting (i) creditors rights, (ii) general principles of equity or (iii) the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies, and is in full force and effect with respect to each relevant Equillium Person and, to Equillium s Knowledge, each other party thereto. 
 (d)	 No Equillium Person nor, to Equillium s Knowledge, any other party is in breach or violation of, or default under, any Acquired Contract (in each case with or without notice or lapse of time or both), nor has any Equillium Person given or received any written notice of any such breach, violation or default. 
 (e)	 No party to any Acquired Contract has initiated any Action in respect of any such Contract. 
 (f)	 Immediately following the Closing, Ono will be permitted to exercise all of the rights of each Equillium Person under the Core Contracts to the same extent that each Equillium Person is permitted to exercise such rights immediately prior to the Closing without any payment 
 38 
 
 281923888 v10 

of any additional amounts or consideration, other than as expressly set forth in the Core Contracts disclosed by Equillium to Ono before the date of this Agreement. 
 (g)	 Equillium is not a party to any Contract, and is not in privity of contract, with any CIM Entity. 
 4.11	CIM Contracts . To Equillium s Knowledge: 
 (a)	 Other than as may be expressly set forth in the CIM Contracts disclosed by Equillium to Ono before the date of this Agreement, the consummation of the Transactions does not and will not (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) (A) result in any breach of, (B) constitute a default under, (C) require any consent or approval of or notice to any CIM Entity pursuant to, (D) give to any CIM Entity any express right of termination, amendment, modification, acceleration or cancellation of, (E) allow the imposition of any fees or penalties, require the offering or making of any payment to or give rise to any increased, guaranteed, accelerated or additional rights or entitlements of any CIM Entity in respect of or (F) result in the creation of any Encumbrance (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on any of the rights under, in each case any CIM Contract; 
 (b)	 no party to any CIM Contract is in breach or violation of, or default under, any CIM Contract (in each case with or without notice or lapse of time or both), nor has any party to any CIM Contract given or received any written notice of any such breach, violation or default; and 
 (c)	 no party to any CIM Contract has initiated any Action in respect of any such Contract. 
 4.12	Books and Records . The Books and Records have been kept accurately in the Ordinary Course of Business, the transactions entered therein represent bona fide transactions and the Business and the revenues and expenses of each Equillium Person related thereto have been properly recorded in such Books and Records. The Books and Records are in good order and complete, and have been maintained in accordance with sound business practices. 
 4.13	Insurance . Each Equillium Person maintains, and has at all times maintained, in full force and effect insurance coverage for the Business that is customary for comparably situated companies. 
 4.14	Affiliate Interests and Transactions . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.14 of the Disclosure Schedules, and to Equillium s Knowledge, no Related Party of any Equillium Person: (i) owns or has owned, directly or indirectly, or has or has had any financial interest in, any of the Purchased Assets; or (ii) has or has had any business dealings or a financial interest in any transaction with any Equillium Person involving the Program, the Compound, any Product or any other part of the Business; except in any such Person s capacity as a holder of equity interests in Equillium. 
 4.15	Brokers . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.15 of the Disclosure Schedules, no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder s or other fee or 
 39 
 
 281923888 v10 

commission in connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Equillium. No Contract set forth on Schedule 4.15 of the Disclosure Schedules provides for any brokerage, finder s or other fee or commission in connection with the Transactions in each case for which Ono or any of its Affiliates may become liable. 
 4.16	Not Insolvent . No Equillium Person is insolvent or unable to make payments as and when they come due, nor has any Equillium Person suspended payments to its creditors, and no petition has been filed with respect to any Equillium Person for commencement of bankruptcy, civil rehabilitation, special liquidation or other insolvency proceedings (or other equivalent procedures), nor does any cause for such proceedings exist. The execution, delivery and performance by Equillium of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which Equillium will be a party, and the consummation of the Transactions, will not cause any Equillium Person to become insolvent or to not make or suspend such payments. 
 4.17	Taxes . 
 (a)	 Each Equillium Person has paid all (i) Taxes required to be paid by it with respect to the Business or the Program and (ii) Taxes payable in connection with the entry into the Biocon Agreements. Each Equillium Person has withheld, collected and deposited all amounts with respect to the Business or the Program in accordance with applicable Tax Law. 
 (b)	 Each Equillium Person has filed all Tax Returns that are required to be filed by it (taking into account any extensions of time to file) with respect to the Business and the Program. Insofar as such Tax Returns related to the Business or the Program, such Tax Returns were true, correct and complete in all material respects and were prepared in material compliance with all applicable Laws. No proposed adjustment, audit or administrative or judicial proceeding or other Action is pending or threatened in writing with respect to any Tax or Tax Return related to the Business or the Program. No written claim, deficiency or assessment of Tax has been asserted by any Governmental Authority with respect to the Business or the Program which claim, deficiency or assessment has not been fully satisfied, settled and resolved. No Equillium Person has waived or agreed to an extension of any statute of limitation in respect of Taxes with respect to the Business or the Program. 
 (c)	 There are no Encumbrances for Taxes (other than Encumbrances described in clause (a) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances upon any of the Purchased Assets. 
 (d)	 No written claim has been made by any Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction in which an Equillium Person does not file Tax Returns that such Equillium Person may be required to file Tax Returns in, or may be subject to taxation by, such jurisdiction with respect to the Business or the Program. 
 (e)	 No Equillium Person is a party to or bound by, or has any obligation under, any Tax allocation, Tax indemnity or Tax sharing agreement with respect to the Business or the Program. 
 40 
 
 281923888 v10 

5.	LIMITATIONS ON REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF EQUILLIUM 
 5.1	Independent Investigation . Ono acknowledges that it has conducted, to its satisfaction, an independent investigation, review and analysis of the Program and the Purchased Assets and acknowledges that it has been provided adequate access to the personnel, properties, assets, premises, books and records, and other documents and data of the Equillium Persons for such purpose. Ono, together with its advisors, have such knowledge and expertise in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements. Ono is knowledgeable about the Program and Purchased Assets and about the usual and customary practices of companies engaged in businesses similar to such business and is able to independently evaluate its investment decision. 
 5.2	No Other Representations and Warranties . The Parties acknowledge that no current or former stockholder, director, officer, employee, Affiliate, advisor or Representative of Equillium has made or is making any representations or warranties whatsoever regarding Equillium or the subject matter of this Agreement, express or implied. Except as expressly provided in (a) Article 4, (b) the Disclosure Schedules, (c) any other Transaction Document or (d) any certificate delivered in accordance with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, Equillium has not made and is not making, and Ono is not relying upon, any representations or warranties whatsoever regarding the Purchased Assets, the Program, any Equillium Person or the subject matter of this Agreement, express or implied. No current or former stockholder, director, officer, employee, Affiliate, advisor or Representative of Equillium or any of its Affiliates shall have any liability of any nature to any Ono Indemnified Party with respect to the breach by Equillium of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement. 
 5.3	Projections . In connection with the due diligence investigation by Ono, its Affiliates and their respective Representatives, Ono, its Affiliates and their respective Representatives have received and may continue to receive after the date of this Agreement from the Equillium Persons and their respective Representatives certain estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking information, as well as certain business plan information, regarding the Purchased Assets, the Program and their operations. Ono hereby acknowledges that there are uncertainties inherent in attempting to make such estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking statements, as well as in such business plans. Accordingly, Ono hereby acknowledges and agrees that, except for or in respect of the representations and warranties expressly set forth in Article 4, the Disclosure Schedules or any other Transaction Document, no Equillium Person nor any of their respective Representatives or stockholders (a) has made or is making any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to or (b) shall have any liability with respect to, in each case such estimates, projections, forecasts, forward-looking statements or business plans. 
 5.4	As-Is . Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document, the Business is being sold and transferred to Ono on an as is basis and except as set forth in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document, all warranties, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability and fitness for use, are excluded from the sale and transfer of the Business. 
 41 
 
 281923888 v10 

5.5	Disclosure Schedules . The Disclosure Schedules have been arranged, for purposes of convenience only, as separate parts corresponding to the subsections of Article 4. The representations and warranties contained in Article 4 are subject to (a) the exceptions and disclosures set forth in the part of the Disclosure Schedules corresponding to the particular subsection of Article 4 in which such representation and warranty appears, (b) any exceptions or disclosures explicitly cross-referenced in such part of the Disclosure Schedules by reference to another part of the Disclosure Schedules and (c) any exception or disclosure set forth in any other part of the Disclosure Schedules to the extent it is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure that such exception or disclosure is intended to qualify another part of the Disclosure Schedules. No reference to or disclosure of any item or other matter in the Disclosure Schedules shall be construed as an admission or indication that such item or other matter is material (nor shall it establish a standard of materiality for any purpose whatsoever) or that such item or other matter is required to be referred to or disclosed in the Disclosure Schedules. The information set forth in the Disclosure Schedules is disclosed solely for the purposes of this Agreement, and no information set forth therein shall be deemed to be an admission by either Party to any Third Party of any matter whatsoever, including of any violation of law or breach of any agreement. 
 6.	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ONO 
 Ono makes the following representations and warranties to Equillium (a) on the date of this Agreement, as of such date and (b) on the Closing Date, as of such date: 
 6.1	Organization . Ono is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Japan and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted. Ono is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could reasonably be expected to materially impair the ability of Ono to consummate, or prevent or materially delay, any of the Transactions. 
 6.2	Authority . Ono has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it will be a party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The execution, delivery and performance by Ono of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it will be a party and the consummation by Ono of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action. This Agreement has been, and upon their execution each of the other Transaction Documents to which Ono will be a party will have been, duly executed and delivered by Ono and, assuming due execution and delivery by each of the other parties hereto and thereto, this Agreement constitutes, and upon their execution each of the other Transaction Documents to which Ono will be a party will constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligations of Ono, enforceable against Ono in accordance with their respective terms subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws relating to or affecting (a) creditors rights, (b) general principles of equity or (c) the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies. 
 6.3	No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents . 
 42 
 
 281923888 v10 

(a)	 The execution, delivery and performance by Ono of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which Ono will be a party, and the consummation of the Transactions, do not and will not (with or without notice or lapse of time or both): 
 (i)	 conflict with or violate Ono s Constituent Documents; 
 (ii)	 conflict with or violate any Law or Permit applicable to Ono; or 
 (iii)	 (A) result in any breach of, (B) constitute a default under or (C) require any consent of any Person pursuant to, any Contract to which Ono is a party; 
 except for any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences that could not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the ability of Ono to consummate, or prevent or materially delay, any of the Transactions. 
 (b)	 Subject to the satisfaction of the condition set forth in Section 10.3(c), Ono is not required to file, seek or obtain any notice, authorization, approval, order, permit, consent or other Permit of or with any Governmental Authority in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by Ono of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents to which it will be party or the consummation of the Transactions, except for (i) the filing of post-fact foreign exchange reports required under Japanese law and (ii) such Permits the failure of which to file, seek or obtain would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the ability of Ono to consummate, or prevent or materially delay, any of the Transactions. 
 6.4	Litigation . There is no Action pending or threatened in writing against Ono that would, or would be reasonably likely to, delay, restrain, prevent, enjoin or otherwise prohibit the execution, delivery or performance by Ono of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents to which it will be a party or consummation of the Transactions. 
 6.5	Financing . Ono has, or will have at the Closing, sufficient funds on hand and available through existing liquidity facilities (without restrictions on drawdown that would cause late payment of the Closing Payment or any Milestone Payment) to permit Ono to consummate the Transactions. 
 6.6	Brokers . No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder s or other fee or commission in connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Ono. 
 6.7	Not Insolvent . Ono is not insolvent or unable to make payments as and when they come due, nor has Ono suspended payments to its creditors, and no petition has been filed with respect to Ono for commencement of bankruptcy, civil rehabilitation, special liquidation or other insolvency proceedings (or other equivalent procedures), nor does any cause for such proceedings exist. The execution, delivery and performance by Ono of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which Ono will be a party, and the consummation of the Transactions, will not cause Ono to become insolvent or to not make or suspend such payments. 
 43 
 
 281923888 v10 

7.	COVENANTS 
 7.1	Conduct of Business Prior to the Closing . Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, except (x) as set forth on Schedule 7.1 of the Disclosure Schedules as of the date of this Agreement, (y) as otherwise required or expressly permitted by this Agreement (including Article 8), any other Transaction Document, any Acquired Contract disclosed to Ono before the date of this Agreement or applicable Law (including COVID-19 Measures) or (z) with the prior written consent of Ono (which consent shall not be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed) (each of (x) to (z), an Excepted Circumstance ), Equillium shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (a) cause the Program and the Business to be conducted in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and in compliance in all material respects with applicable Law and in accordance with Article 8, (b) preserve substantially intact the Program and the Purchased Assets and (c) maintain satisfactory relationships of the Program with its material suppliers and other Persons with which the Program has material business relations. It is acknowledged and agreed that any reasonable COVID-19 Measure adopted in good faith by any Equillium Person in response to the effects of COVID-19 will not be deemed to violate or breach the foregoing obligations. 
 7.2	Restricted Actions . By way of amplification of Section 7.1 and not limitation, between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, Equillium shall not, and shall cause that none of its Subsidiaries shall, do or propose to do, directly or indirectly, any of the following in connection with the Program or the Business except in an Excepted Circumstance: 
 (a)	 issue, sell, pledge, dispose of or otherwise subject to any Encumbrance (other than Permitted Encumbrances) any Purchased Assets; 
 (b)	 amend, waive, modify, grant any material consent under or terminate any Core Contract, or amend, waive, modify, consent to the termination of or terminate Equillium s rights thereunder, in each case other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 
 (c)	 cancel, compromise, settle, waive or release any material right, claim or Action relating to the Program or the Business, other than in the ordinary course of business; 
 (d)	 terminate any Biocon Agreement; 
 (e)	 commence any Action relating to the Program or the Business, other than in good faith and in the Ordinary Course of Business, provided that if any Action is proposed to be commenced in respect of any Biocon Agreement or otherwise against Biocon, Equillium shall (i) provide Ono with reasonable prior written notice, which notice shall not be less than 30 days prior to commencing such Action, (ii) provide Ono with a reasonable opportunity to discuss the matter with Equillium and (iii) consider in good faith Ono s views in respect thereof; 
 (f)	 permit the lapse of any existing policy of insurance relating to the Program or the Business without the purchase of a substantially similar policy; 
 44 
 
 281923888 v10 

(g)	 permit the lapse of, abandon or cease prosecution or maintenance of any material right relating to Transferred Intellectual Property, provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to prohibit ordinary course prosecution actions with respect to Program Patents, including amending, or agreeing to amend, the scope of a claim of a pending patent application within such Program Patents, or filing a terminal disclaimer with respect to or abandoning a claim of a pending patent application within such Program Patents in favor of a related claim contained in another patent application filed by or on behalf of Equillium that would constitute a Program Patent; 
 (h)	 permit the lapse of, abandon or cease prosecution or maintenance of any Biocon Patent in the Equillium Territory or any Joint Patent, provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to prohibit ordinary course prosecution actions with respect to any Biocon Patent in the Equillium Territory or any Joint Patent, including amending, or agreeing to amend, the scope of a claim of a pending patent application within any Biocon Patent in the Equillium Territory or any Joint Patent, or filing a terminal disclaimer with respect to or abandoning a claim of a pending patent application within any Biocon Patent in the Equillium Territory or any Joint Patent in favor of a related claim contained in another patent application filed by or on behalf of Equillium in the Equillium Territory that would constitute a Biocon Patent or another patent application filed by or on behalf of Equillium that would constitute a Joint Patent; 
 (i)	 except as expressly permitted by Section 7.2(g) or Section 7.2(h), cancel, compromise, settle, waive or release any material right, claim or Action relating to the Transferred Intellectual Property, any Biocon Patent in the Equillium Territory or any Joint Patent; or 
 (j)	 announce an intention, enter into any formal or informal agreement, authorize or otherwise make a commitment to do any of the foregoing; 
 provided that Equillium may [ ]. 
 7.3	No Transfer of Control . Notwithstanding Sections 7.1 and 7.2, nothing contained herein shall give to Ono, directly or indirectly, rights to control or direct the operations of Equillium prior to the Closing. Until the Closing, each Party shall exercise, consistent with and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, complete control and supervision of its operations. 
 7.4	Covenants Regarding Information . 
 (a)	 Subject to Section 7.4(b) , from the date hereof through the earlier of the Closing Date and the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article 12, Equillium shall afford Ono and its Representatives, at Ono s sole cost and expense, reasonable access (including for inspection and copying) at reasonable times to the Business and each Equillium Person s Representatives, properties, offices, plants and other facilities and books and records relating to the Program and the Business, and shall disclose to Ono such operating and other data and information in connection with the Program and the Business as Ono may reasonably request. 
 (b)	 Equillium s obligations under Section 7.4(a) shall be subject to the following limitations: 
 45 
 
 281923888 v10 

(i)	 Equillium may limit access or refuse to disclose any data or information to the extent that doing so could reasonably be expected to cause (A) a loss of any applicable privileges (including attorney-client privilege) or trade secrets or (B) a breach of any confidentiality obligations under any Contract disclosed to Ono before the date of this Agreement or applicable Law; provided, however, that Equillium shall cooperate with Ono to develop substitute arrangements, to the extent reasonably possible, to allow for such access or disclosure in a manner that does not result in such loss or breach. 
 (ii)	 The auditors and independent accountants of Equillium shall not be obligated to make any work papers available to any Person unless and until such Person has signed a customary confidentiality and hold harmless agreement relating to access to such work papers in form and substance reasonable acceptable to such auditors or independent accountants. 
 (iii)	 For so long as any applicable COVID-19 Measures are in effect, each Equillium Person shall be permitted to provide access through virtual or other remote means. 
 (c)	 On the Closing Date, Equillium shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Ono all agreements, documents, books and records and files primarily related to, or otherwise necessary for the Exploitation of, the Program, the Compound, any Product or the Business, and all computer disks, records, tapes and any other storage medium on which any such agreements, documents, books and records or files are stored, that are in the possession of or under the control of any Equillium Person (such information, the Transferred Information ). 
 (d)	 Following the Closing Date, Equillium shall not, and shall cause that none of its Subsidiaries shall, retain in its possession or under its control, in any form, any Transferred Information; provided, however, that (i) Equillium shall be entitled to retain in its possession or under its control (A) such copies of Transferred Information as are required to be maintained for insurance purposes or by Law and (B) in any event a single copy of all Transferred Information in its secure files as necessary for Equillium to monitor its compliance with, and to monitor and enforce Ono s compliance with, the Parties respective obligations under the Transaction Documents and the Biocon Agreements, and (ii) no Equillium Person shall be required to destroy any computer files stored securely by it that are created pursuant to such Person s standard and automatic backup or archival procedures. If Equillium discovers following the Closing Date that it or any of its Subsidiaries is in possession of or has under its control any such Transferred Information (other than copies thereof that Equillium is permitted to retain as set forth above), Equillium shall (a) deliver to Ono any such information and (b) thereafter delete and erase, or cause the deletion or erasure, of all such information as soon as reasonably practicable, except as otherwise required by Law or to the extent that such information is included in computer files stored securely by Equillium or any of its Subsidiaries that are created pursuant to such Person s standard and automatic backup or archival procedures. For the avoidance of doubt, any information retained by any Equillium Person in accordance with any exception set forth in this Section 7.4(d) shall be subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 7.7. 
 7.5	Notification of Certain Matters . 
 (a)	 Each Party shall give prompt written notice to the other Party of: 
 46 
 
 281923888 v10 

(i)	 the occurrence or non-occurrence of any change, condition or event, the occurrence or non-occurrence of which would cause a breach of a representation or warranty or covenant of such notifying Party contained in this Agreement, which breach would cause, in the case Equillium is such notified Party, any of the conditions to the obligations of Equillium to consummate the Closing set forth in Section 10.1 or Section 10.2, or in the case Ono is such notified Party, any of the conditions to the obligations of Ono to consummate the Closing set forth in Section 10.1 or Section 10.3, not to be satisfied; 
 (ii)	 the receipt of any written notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with the consummation of the Transactions; and 
 (iii)	 any Action pending or threatened in writing against such notifying Party or the Parties relating to the Transactions. 
 (b)	 Until the Closing Date, if any change, condition or event occurs or arises after the date of this Agreement that could reasonably be expected to (i) cause any of the conditions to the obligations of Ono to consummate the Closing set forth in (A) Section 10.3(a) not to be satisfied as a result of a breach or inaccuracy of any Fundamental R W or any representation and warranty set forth in Section 4.5(b), (c) or (e), 4.6, 4.7(g) or (k), 4.8(b), (c), (f) or (g)(ii), (iv) or (v), 4.9(b), 4.10(e) (solely with respect to Core Contracts) or 4.16 or (B) Section 10.3(b) not to be satisfied, then Equillium shall promptly (and in any case [ ] of the date that Equillium becomes aware, to Equillium s Knowledge, of a relevant change, condition or event) or (ii) otherwise cause any of the conditions to the obligations of Ono to consummate the Closing set forth in Section 10.3(a) not to be satisfied, then Equillium shall within [ ] of [ ] in which the relevant change, condition or event occurs or arises, in each case provide Ono with written notice (email being sufficient) of such change, condition or event (each such notice, an Update Notice ). Except as provided in Section 2.4, no Update Notice nor any information Ono may otherwise obtain from Equillium or any other Person shall be deemed to cure any breach of any representation or warranty made in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or have any effect for purposes of determining Equillium s satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 10.1 and Section 10.3 or liability under Section 11.2(a). 
 7.6	Exclusivity . 
 (a)	 Except as otherwise consented to by Ono in writing (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) or, subject to Section 13.13(b), in circumstances that will involve (x) a merger or consolidation of all of Equillium s business into the business of another Person or (y) a sale of all of the Program and the Purchased Assets together with all or substantially all of Equillium s other business ((x) and (y) each an Equillium Change of Control ), Equillium agrees that prior to Closing, Equillium shall not, and shall take all action necessary to ensure that none of its Subsidiaries or any of its or their respective Representatives shall, and shall not authorize its Subsidiaries or any of its or their respective Representatives to, directly or indirectly: 
 (i)	 solicit, initiate, consider, knowingly encourage, knowingly facilitate the making of or accept any other proposals or offers from any Person relating to any direct or indirect 
 47 
 
 281923888 v10 

sale, purchase, transfer, lease, license or other disposition of all or any portion of the Program or the Purchased Assets, other than (A) as expressly permitted by Section 7.1, (B) disposal of inventory of the Compound and Products in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or (C) non-exclusive licenses granted to Third Party service providers of any Equillium Person in connection with provision of services to any Equillium Person in the ordinary course of business; or 
 (ii)	 participate in any discussions, conversations, negotiations or other communications regarding, or furnish to any other Person any information with respect to, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, assist or participate in, knowingly facilitate or encourage any effort or attempt by any other Person to seek to do, any of the foregoing. 
 (b)	 Equillium shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and its and their respective Representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated all existing discussions, conversations, negotiations and other communications with any Persons conducted heretofore with respect to any of the foregoing promptly after the date hereof (and in any case no later than [ ]after the date hereof). 
 (c)	 Without limiting Section 7.6(a), if any Equillium Person or any of their respective Representatives receives any proposal or offer referred to in Section 7.6(a)(i), Equillium shall promptly (and in any case no later than [ ] following such receipt) notify Ono in writing of such proposal or offer and the material terms and conditions thereof; provided that no such notice shall be required with respect to an Equillium Change of Control. 
 7.7	Confidentiality . 
 (a)	Confidential Information . For the purposes of this Agreement, subject to Section 7.7(c), Confidential Information means: 
 (i)	 the Program Confidential Information; 
 (ii)	 any information and materials other than the Program Confidential Information disclosed or furnished to one Party (the Receiving Party by or on behalf of the other Party (the Disclosing Party pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement; and 
 (iii)	 the terms of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document. 
 (b)	Ownership of Confidential Information . In respect of the Confidential Information: 
 (i)	 that constitutes Program Confidential Information (A) Equillium shall be deemed to be the Disclosing Party until the Closing and the Receiving Party from the Closing and (B) Ono shall be deemed to be the Receiving Party until the Closing and the Disclosing Party from the Closing; and 
 (ii)	 referred to in Section 7.7(a)(iii), each Party shall be deemed both a Disclosing Party and a Receiving Party . 
 48 
 
 281923888 v10 

(c)	Exceptions . Except in respect of Program Confidential Information from the Closing (which shall in all cases constitute Confidential Information of Ono from the Closing), Confidential Information shall not include any information which the Receiving Party can prove by competent written evidence: 
 (i)	 is now, or hereafter becomes, through no breach of this Section 7.7 on the part of the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates or its or their respective Representatives, generally known or available; 
 (ii)	 is known by the Receiving Party at the time of receiving such information from the Disclosing Party; 
 (iii)	 is hereafter furnished to the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates by a Third Party, as a matter of right and without restriction on disclosure; or 
 (iv)	 is independently discovered or developed by the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates without the use or knowledge of, or reference to, Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party. 
 (d)	Treatment of Confidential Information . Subject to Section 7.7(e), the Receiving Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and its and their respective Representatives to, disclose or use Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only to the extent required to accomplish the purposes of the Transaction Documents. The Receiving Party shall use at least the same standard of care as it uses to protect proprietary or confidential information of its own (but in no event less than reasonable care) to ensure that its Affiliates and its and their respective Representatives do not make any unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized use of such Confidential Information. The Receiving Party shall promptly notify the Disclosing Party upon discovery of any unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized use of the Disclosing Party s Confidential Information. 
 (e)	Authorized Disclosure . The Receiving Party may disclose or use Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party if and to the extent such disclosure or use is reasonably necessary in the following instances: 
 (i)	 disclosure to its Affiliates and its and their respective Representatives in relation to the negotiation, entry into or performance of the Transaction Documents or any matter arising out of the same, provided that such Persons are informed of the confidential nature of such information and of the Receiving Party s obligations under this Section 7.7; 
 (ii)	 prosecuting or defending litigation as permitted by any Transaction Document; 
 (iii)	 complying with applicable Law or the rules of any applicable stock exchange; 
 49 
 
 281923888 v10 

(iv)	 in the case of Equillium as the Receiving Party, disclosure to Biocon to the extent required to comply with Equillium s obligations under the Biocon Agreements; or 
 (v)	 issuing any press release or making any public statement in accordance with Section 7.9, 
 provided, however, that if the Receiving Party is required to disclose or use the Disclosing Party s Confidential Information pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii), it will, except where prohibited by applicable Law, (A) give reasonable advance notice to the Disclosing Party of such disclosure or use, (B) use efforts to secure confidential treatment of such information at least as diligent as the Receiving Party would use to protect its own confidential information, but in no event less than commercially reasonable efforts and (C) cooperate with any efforts by the Disclosing Party, at the Disclosing Party s request and expense, to secure confidential treatment of such Confidential Information. Disclosure or use by the Receiving Party of Confidential Information in accordance with this Section 7.7(e) shall not, in and of itself, cause the information so disclosed or used to cease to be treated as Confidential Information under this Agreement, except to the extent that, by virtue of disclosure by the Receiving Party in full compliance with this Section 7.7(e), such information becomes generally known or available. The Parties shall consult with each other on the provisions of the Transaction Documents to be redacted in any filings made by the Parties with any Governmental Authority or as otherwise required by Law or the rules of any applicable stock exchange. 
 (f)	Term . This Section 7.7 shall apply until the date [ ] from the date of this Agreement. 
 (g)	Return or Destruction . In the event that this Agreement is terminated prior to the Closing, each Party shall, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause its Affiliates and its and their respective Representatives to, promptly return to the applicable Party or destroy all documents (including all copies thereof) containing any such information or data; provided, however, that neither Party shall be required to destroy any computer files stored securely by it that are created pursuant to such Party s standard and automatic backup or archival procedures; provided, further , however , that such information shall continue to be deemed Confidential Information. 
 (h)	Prior Non-Disclosure Agreements . As of the date of this Agreement, the terms of this Section 7.7 shall supersede the Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement between the Parties dated [ ](the Confidentiality Agreement ). All Confidential Information (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement) of a Party under the Confidentiality Agreement shall be deemed to have been disclosed under this Agreement and shall, subject to Section 7.7(b), constitute Confidential Information of such Party for the purposes of this Section 7.7. 
 7.8	Consents and Filings . 
 (a)	Efforts to Close . Subject to Ono having exercised the Purchase Option in accordance with Section 2.3, the Parties shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all appropriate action to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or 
 50 
 
 281923888 v10 

advisable under applicable Law or otherwise to satisfy the conditions set forth in Article 10 and consummate and make effective the Transactions as promptly as practicable. 
 (b)	Competition Clearance . In furtherance and not in limitation of Section 7.8(a), to the extent necessary to cause the satisfaction of the condition set out in Section 10.3(c), the Parties shall cooperate fully with each other, including by (i) making all filings, draft filings and notifications, to the extent applicable, to each relevant Governmental Authority as soon as reasonably practicable after the date of Ono s delivery of the Purchase Option Exercise Notice (and in any case, no later than [ ]after the delivery of such Notice, unless applicable Law requires an earlier filing), (ii) promptly providing the other with copies of all material written communications and the details of all material non-written communications from or with any such Governmental Authority, (iii) promptly notifying the other of any material communication from or with any such Governmental Authority, (iv) sharing in advance and considering in good faith the views of the other regarding all submissions to any such Governmental Authority and (v) promptly complying, to the extent necessary and reasonable, with any request for information from any such Governmental Authority, including any request for additional information and documentary material under the HSR Act and in any event in accordance with any relevant time limit. Nothing in this Section 7.8(b) shall require either Party to share information, documents or communications with the other if it is prohibited from doing so by the relevant Governmental Authority or otherwise by applicable Law. 
 (c)	Defense of Actions . In furtherance and not in limitation of Sections 7.8(a) and (b), in the event of any Action by a Governmental Authority to investigate or any Action by a Governmental Authority or other Third Party to challenge the Transactions under applicable Law, the Parties shall cooperate fully with each other, including by promptly providing the other with copies of all communications received and sharing in advance and considering in good faith the views of the other regarding all submissions, and shall use their respective commercially reasonable efforts in the defense of any such Action, and Equillium shall not settle or compromise any such Action without Ono s written consent. 
 (d)	No Adverse Action . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Ono shall not be required by this Section 7.8 to take any action or agree to enter into any consent decree, hold separate order or other arrangement, that would (i) require the divestiture of any assets of Ono or any of its Affiliates or any portion of the Program or the Purchased Assets, (ii) require the termination of or adverse amendment of any Contract or (iii) limit Ono s freedom of action with respect to, or its ability to consolidate and control, any assets of Ono or any of its Affiliates or the Compound, any Product or any portion of the Program or the Purchased Assets. 
 7.9	Public Announcements . The Parties shall consult with each other before issuing any press release or otherwise making any public statements with respect to this Agreement or the Transactions. Neither Party shall issue any press release or make any public statement with respect to this Agreement or the Transactions prior to obtaining the other Party s written approval (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), except that no such approval shall be required to the extent disclosure may be required by or advisable under applicable Law, including applicable securities Laws, or the listing requirements of any exchange on which securities of such Party are listed or traded. 
 51 
 
 281923888 v10 

7.10	Books and Records . From and after the Closing Date, Ono shall preserve and retain all books and records relating to the Program or Purchased Assets for the longer of (a) [ ] or (b) the period for which such books and records must be retained under applicable Law. In connection therewith, from and after the Closing Date, Ono shall make available to Equillium during normal business hours and upon reasonable prior written notice, but without unreasonably disrupting Ono s business, access to such books and records to the extent necessary to permit Equillium or its Affiliates to respond to any Third Party subpoena, examination or audit. 
 7.11	Transfer of Regulatory Materials . 
 (a)	 Prior to the Closing, the Parties shall agree upon procedures to (i) transfer the Regulatory Materials from Equillium to Ono from the perspective of the applicable Regulatory Authorities and (ii) ensure a smooth transition from Equillium to Ono of all of the activities required to be undertaken by the holder of the Regulatory Materials, including adverse event reporting, annual reports to the FDA, handling and tracking of complaints and communications with investigators. 
 (b)	 Following good faith consultations with Equillium, Ono shall deliver notice in writing to Equillium specifying the Regulatory Materials Transfer Date , which date shall be (i) no earlier than (A) the [ ] or (B) [ ] after the date of delivery of such notice and (ii) no later than [ ] after the Closing Date. Subject to Section 7.11(d), on the Regulatory Materials Transfer Date, Equillium shall (x) send letters (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Ono) to the applicable Regulatory Authorities, including for the purposes of the matters set forth in Schedule 4.3(a)(ii) of the Disclosure Schedules, indicating that the Regulatory Materials have been transferred to Ono and that Ono is the new owner of the Regulatory Materials as of the Closing Date and (y) provide to Ono a copy of said letters. 
 (c)	 Until the Regulatory Materials Transfer Date, Equillium shall be responsible for maintaining the Regulatory Materials, at Equillium s sole cost and expense. After such date, Ono will assume all responsibility for the Regulatory Materials, at Ono s sole cost and expense. 
 (d)	 [ ] 
 7.12	Communication with Agencies . Until the Regulatory Materials Transfer Date, Equillium shall have responsibility for all communications with the applicable Regulatory Authorities relating to the Compound and each Product, and Equillium shall promptly provide Ono with copies of all communications to or from the applicable Regulatory Authorities with respect to the Compound or any Product and/or the manufacture thereof. After such date, Ono shall have responsibility for all such communications. 
 7.13	Adverse Experience Reporting . Until the Regulatory Materials Transfer Date, Equillium shall be responsible for the adverse experience and safety reporting to the applicable Regulatory Authorities for each Product in compliance with the requirements of applicable Law. After such date, Ono shall assume such responsibility. 
 52 
 
 281923888 v10 

7.14	Delivery of Assets . Equillium shall deliver, or shall cause to be delivered, all non-physical Purchased Assets to Ono at the Closing in a format and manner as reasonably requested by Ono prior to the Closing Date. 
 7.15	Regulatory Compliance . Until the Closing, Equillium shall ensure that: 
 (a)	 the use of the Purchased Assets and the operation of the Program comply in all material respects with all applicable Laws; 
 (b)	 (i) the Equillium Persons file all Regulatory Filings in a timely manner, except where a failure to file timely could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) no Equillium Person makes any materially false or misleading statements in, or knowingly causes any material omissions from, any Regulatory Filing; 
 (c)	 (i) no officer, director, principal, employee or any other Representative, in each case of any Equillium Person, is excluded from participating in the Medicare program or any other program of a Governmental Authority, (ii) none of the officers, directors, agents or managing employees (as that term is defined in 42 U.S.C. 1320a 5(b)) of any Equillium Person are excluded from participating in the Medicare program or any other program of any Governmental Authority or become subject to sanction pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1320a 7a or 1320a 8 or become convicted of a criminal offense under the Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a 7b) and (iii) no employee or contractor of Equillium is debarred by the FDA pursuant to section 306 of the FDCA (21 U.S.C. 335a) or is convicted of a crime that could lead to debarment; 
 (d)	 the Regulatory Filings do not contain, to Equillium s Knowledge, any materially false or misleading statements based on information provided by or on behalf of Biocon or its Affiliates; and 
 (e)	 each Equillium Person: 
 (i)	 complies at all times with all Laws applicable to the Development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export, disposal or other Exploitation of the Compound or any Product; 
 (ii)	 (A) possesses at all times all Authorizations necessary for its conduct of the Program and (B) does not materially violate any such Authorizations; 
 (iii)	 ensures that the Compound and each Product, the conduct of the Program and each other operation and activity related to the Compound or any Product is not in material violation of any Laws or Authorizations; 
 (iv)	 does not carry out any act or omission that may cause a Regulatory Authority to take any action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorization related to the Program; and 
 (v)	 files, obtains, maintains or submits all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments with 
 53 
 
 281923888 v10 

respect to the Program as required by any Laws or Authorizations, and all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments are materially complete and correct on the date filed (or are corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission where required by applicable Law). 
 7.16	Clinical Studies . Until the Closing, Equillium shall ensure that: 
 (a)	 the preclinical studies and clinical trials of the Compound and the Products conducted by or on behalf an Equillium Person are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with experimental protocols, informed consents, procedures and controls pursuant to accepted professional scientific standards and all Laws and Authorizations applicable to such studies and trials, including the FDCA and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; 
 (b)	 all materials used in such trials comply with applicable Laws and Authorizations, and there are no material deficiencies or defects in such materials; and 
 (c)	 no Equillium Person carries out an act or omission that causes a Regulatory Authority to require the termination, suspension or material modification of any preclinical study or clinical trial of the Compound or any Product conducted by or on behalf of any Equillium Person. 
 8.	PROGRAM ACTIVITIES 
 8.1	Development Plan and Development Budget . Until the Closing, Equillium shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Develop, or have Developed, Product in accordance with its written development plan attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Development Plan ). The Parties acknowledge that the Development Plan (including the Development Budget contained therein) has necessarily been prepared by Equillium based on assumptions made in good faith by Equillium at the time of preparation but that may later prove to have been inaccurate. 
 8.2	Deviations from the Development Plan . Equillium may (i) use its sole discretion to Develop, or have Developed, each Product, taking into account the availability of new information relevant to the Development Program and new requirements, recommendations or guidelines of Regulatory Authorities and (ii) deviate from the Development Plan; provided, however, that, in each case of (i) and (ii): (A) at least [ ] prior to materially deviating from the Development Plan, Equillium shall notify Ono in writing of the nature of such deviation and the reason behind such deviation in reasonable detail; (B) Equillium may not, without Ono s prior written consent (a) [ ], (b) [ ] or (c) [ ]; and (C) Equillium may not, without prior consultation with Ono and without considering in good faith Ono s comments related thereto (y) [ ] or (z) [ ]. For the avoidance of doubt, any deviation by Equillium in accordance with this Section 8.2 shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement. 
 8.3	Equillium Program Responsibilities . 
 (a)	 Until the Closing, as between the Parties, the conduct of the Program shall be the sole responsibility of Equillium. Until the Closing, Equillium shall conduct, or have conducted, 
 54 
 
 281923888 v10 

the Program in accordance with applicable Laws and the Development Plan and shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to deliver the Development Program Data Package. 
 (b)	 Subject to Section 8.2, prior to the Closing, Equillium may perform any or all Program activities through its Subsidiaries or one or more third-party subcontractors, provided that Equillium shall remain responsible for the performance of such activities by its Subsidiaries and subcontractors and the compliance of its Subsidiaries and subcontractors with the applicable provisions of this Agreement. Any breach of the terms of this Agreement by a Subsidiary or a third-party subcontractor of Equillium shall constitute a breach of this Agreement by Equillium. Without limiting the foregoing, the use of a Subsidiary or a third-party subcontractor by Equillium shall not otherwise relieve Equillium of its obligations under this Agreement. 
 (c)	 Until the Closing, Equillium shall conduct the Program in a professional manner and in accordance with sound and ethical business and scientific practices, and in compliance with all applicable Laws, GCPs and GLPs. In addition, prior to the Closing, Equillium shall not use in any capacity, in connection with its Development of any Product hereunder, any Person who has been debarred pursuant to section 306 of the FDCA (or similar applicable Laws outside of the U.S.), or who is the subject of a conviction described in such section, and Equillium shall inform Ono in writing immediately if it or any Person who is performing services for Equillium hereunder is debarred or is the subject of a conviction described in section 306 (or similar applicable Laws outside of the U.S.), or if any action, suit, claim, investigation or legal administrative proceeding is pending or, to Equillium s Knowledge, is threatened, relating to the debarment of Equillium or any Person used in any capacity by Equillium in connection with its Development (or Manufacture) of any Product hereunder. 
 8.4	Records, Reports and Information . 
 (a)	 Until the Closing, Equillium shall keep Ono reasonably informed on a regular basis of ongoing material Development Plan activities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, prior to the Closing, within [ ] of each [ ], Equillium shall deliver to Ono a written report summarizing (i) the progress and Results of the performance of the Program during such [ ], (ii) any material safety issues arising from clinical trials under the Development Plan, (iii) information disclosed to Equillium by Biocon regarding the progress and results of non-clinical and clinical trials of any Product conducted by Biocon, including material safety issues reported to Equillium by Biocon, (iv) any clinical trials of any Product that are being, or are proposed to be, conducted jointly by Equillium and Biocon (to the extent not included in the Development Plan) and (v) any proposed deviation from the Development Plan by Equillium. If Ono desires a meeting relating to the reported summary, Equillium shall hold such a meeting with Ono to explain and discuss the issues raised by Ono. 
 (b)	 Until the Closing, Equillium shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and third party sub-contractors to, maintain current and accurate records of all work conducted by such Persons in respect of the Development Plan and all data and other information resulting from such work (which records shall include, as applicable, books, records, reports, research notes, charts, graphs, comments, computations, analyses, recordings, photographs, computer programs and documentation thereof (e.g., samples of materials and other graphic or written data generated in 
 55 
 
 281923888 v10 

the Program)) (collectively, Development Records for a period covering, at a minimum, the Record Retention Period. Such Development Records shall properly reflect all work done and results achieved in the performance of the Program in sufficient detail and in good scientific manner appropriate for regulatory and patent purposes. Until the Closing, Equillium shall document all preclinical studies and clinical trials to be conducted pursuant to the Development Plan in formal written study reports according to applicable national and international (e.g., ICH, GCP and GLP) guidelines, which reports shall be deemed and maintained as Development Records. 
 8.5	Regulatory . Until the Closing, without limiting Sections 7.11 to 7.13: 
 (a)	 Equillium shall be responsible for the preparation of all Regulatory Materials necessary or desirable for the performance of the Program, including to the extent contemplated by the Development Plan, and obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approvals for each Product. Equillium shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to submit such Regulatory Materials, as applicable, to the applicable Governmental Authorities in accordance with the time frames set forth in the Development Plan. For clarity, to the extent allowed by applicable Laws, all Regulatory Materials shall be held and owned by Equillium in its name. Equillium shall keep Ono reasonably informed regarding meetings and material communications with Regulatory Authorities regarding any Product. 
 (b)	 Equillium shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain, or cause to be maintained, current and accurate records of all Regulatory Materials and regulatory data that such parties may acquire for a period covering, at a minimum, the Record Retention Period. In addition, Equillium shall keep Ono reasonably and regularly informed in connection with the preparation of all Regulatory Materials, Regulatory Authority review of Regulatory Materials, and Regulatory Approvals, in each case with respect to any Product. 
 (c)	 Equillium shall be responsible for complying with pharmacovigilance obligations under applicable Laws in connection with the Program and each Product. 
 (d)	 Equillium shall promptly inform Ono of notification of any action by, or notification or other information which it receives (directly or indirectly) from, any Regulatory Authority which (i) raises any material concerns regarding the safety or efficacy of any Product, (ii) is reasonably likely to lead to a recall, market withdrawal or market notification with respect to any Product or (iii) relates to expedited and periodic reports of adverse events with respect to any Product which may have an adverse impact on any Regulatory Approval. 
 (e)	 If Equillium believes or determines in good faith that conducting or continuing a clinical trial under the Development Plan poses an unacceptable risk to patient / subject safety or is futile, or that the suspension or termination of any such clinical trial, or a deviation from or amendment to the protocol of any such clinical trial, is in the best interest of patients / subjects, or if any Regulatory Authority imposes a hold on, or requires or recommends the suspension or termination of, any such clinical trial, then, in each case, Equillium shall promptly inform Ono thereof. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, with respect to any of the events described in the preceding sentence or under similar circumstances 
 56 
 
 281923888 v10 

affecting patient / subject safety or compliance with applicable Laws or Regulatory Authority actions, until the Closing, Equillium shall have final decision-making authority on (and notify Ono with respect to such decision) whether to take such actions (including termination or suspension of a clinical trial or deviation from, or amendment to, the protocol for a clinical trial) as it determines in good faith are necessary, appropriate or advisable and consistent with the best interest of patients / subjects or required by applicable Law, including GCP. 
 8.6	Delivery and Review of Development Program Data Package . 
 (a)	 Within [ ] after the Completion Date, Equillium shall prepare and deliver to Ono, in writing or by access to a virtual data room, in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Ono, the Development Program Data Package (such date of delivery being the Data Package Delivery Date ). 
 (b)	 Ono shall have the opportunity to review the Development Program Data Package during the [ ] period following the Data Package Delivery Date (the Data Package Review Period ). During the Data Package Review Period, Ono may: 
 (i)	 request from Equillium, and Equillium shall provide to Ono, (A) reasonable access under the supervision of appropriate personnel of Equillium during normal business hours (and subject to receipt of reasonable notice) to, and support from, its employees and consultants who were involved in the Program, including the preparation of the Development Program Data Package (including the Results, Clinical Data and Pre-Clinical Data) and (B) any additional information or data in Equillium s Control related to the Program, in each case (A) and (B), that is reasonably useful in evaluating the Development Program Data Package (including such information or data that may be reasonably useful in conducting (ii) below); and 
 (ii)	 to the extent permitted by applicable Laws and Equillium s clinical trial agreements with the participating sites and Equillium s contracts with Third Party contractors used in the Development of the Product, either itself or through an independent and accredited auditor, verify the accuracy of the Development Program Data Package by conducting source data verification on the Development Program Data Package. Ono agrees that such investigation shall be conducted in such a manner as to not interfere unreasonably with the operations of Equillium. 
 (c)	 Nothing in this Section 8.6 or in Section 8.7 shall obligate Equillium: 
 (i)	 to disclose any information to Ono or any of its, or its Affiliates , Representatives if such disclosure would (A) based upon the advice of counsel, cause to be waived any attorney-client or other legal privilege or (B) contravene any applicable Law, fiduciary duty or binding agreement of confidentiality in effect as of the date of this Agreement to which Equillium is a party; provided, however, that Ono and Equillium shall cooperate in good faith to make commercially reasonable substitute arrangements, to the extent reasonably possible, to provide Ono with access to such information to an extent and in a manner that does not result in the loss of any such privilege or the contravention of any such Law, duty or agreement; or 
 57 
 
 281923888 v10 

(ii)	 to disclose to Ono or its, or its Affiliates , Representatives, or otherwise provide Ono or its, or its Affiliates , Representatives with access to, any information related to any Excluded Program, 
 the foregoing conditions and limitations, collectively, the Diligence Limitations . For so long as any applicable COVID-19 Measures are in effect, each Equillium Person may provide access under this Section 8.6 and Section 8.7 through virtual or other remote means. 
 8.7	Due Diligence Investigation . 
 (a)	 Ono may perform a due diligence investigation regarding the Program for the purpose of assisting Ono in evaluating whether to exercise the Purchase Option (such investigation, as further described in this Section 8.7, a Due Diligence Investigation (i) once prior to the Data Package Delivery Date and (ii) once during the [ ] period following the Data Package Delivery Date, in each case, upon reasonable written notice to Equillium. 
 (b)	 During the [ ] period following the Data Package Delivery Date or the date the notice regarding the Due Diligence Investigation has been received by Equillium pursuant to Section 13.5, as applicable, Ono may request from Equillium, and Equillium shall provide (subject to the Diligence Limitations) to Ono, (i) reasonable access under the supervision of appropriate personnel of Equillium during normal business hours (and subject to receipt of reasonable notice) to its officers, and to those of its employees and consultants of Equillium who were involved in the Program, including the preparation of the Development Program Data Package (including the Results, Clinical Data and Pre-Clinical Data), (ii) reasonable access to the Books and Records and (iii) any additional information or data concerning the Program as Ono may reasonably request, in each case for the purpose of assisting Ono in evaluating whether to exercise the Purchase Option. 
 (c)	 Ono agrees that each Due Diligence Investigation shall be conducted in such a manner as to not interfere unreasonably with the operations of Equillium. In no event shall Ono s right to conduct Due Diligence Investigation(s) under this Section 8.7 extend beyond the expiration of the Data Package Review Period, provided that if Ono has reasonable cause to extend the Data Package Review Period, Ono shall notify Equillium of the same in writing and the Data Package Review Period shall be extended once only by an additional [ ]. 
 8.8	Liaison . Each Party shall appoint a single individual to act as the primary point of contact between the Parties regarding the Program until the Closing (the Liaison ). As soon as reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement, each Party shall notify the other of the identity of its Liaison. Each Party may change its designated Liaison at any time upon notice to the other Party. The Liaison shall be the first point of referral for all matters of conflict resolution regarding the Program. 
 8.9	No Development by Ono . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall Ono or any of its Affiliates have the right to Develop the Compound or any Product prior to the Closing Date, and Ono hereby covenants, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, that none of them will conduct, or have conducted, any Development of the Compound or any Product prior to the Closing Date. 
 58 
 
 281923888 v10 

8.10	Development Funding . Ono shall provide funding to Equillium for the Development Costs incurred prior to the Closing in the performance of the Program (the Development Funding in accordance with the Development Plan, as set forth below. 
 (a)	 At least [ ] before the end of each calendar quarter, Equillium shall notify Ono in writing of Equillium s good faith, reasonable estimates, by calendar quarter, of the FTE Costs of performing the Program in accordance with the Development Plan and the corresponding Out-of-Pocket Expenses, in each case for the four full calendar quarters immediately following such quarter (the estimate for each calendar quarter of such four-calendar quarter period, a Quarterly Estimate ). 
 (b)	 Each calendar quarter, Ono shall make a Development Funding payment to Equillium for [ ] of the Quarterly Estimate for the immediately following calendar quarter notified by Equillium in accordance with Section 8.10(a) (each, a Quarterly Advance ). Payment of the Quarterly Advance for the period commencing on October 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2022 shall be paid [ ] following receipt by Ono of Equillium s invoice for such payment, and each subsequent Quarterly Advance shall be paid [ ] of Ono s receipt of the relevant Quarterly Estimate in accordance with Section 8.10(a) and Equillium s invoice for such payment. 
 (c)	 Subject to Section 8.10(d), within [ ] (or as soon as reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement with respect to the calendar quarter commencing on July 1, 2022 and ending September 30, 2022), Equillium shall provide a written report to Ono setting forth in reasonable detail the Development Costs actually incurred by Equillium during such calendar quarter, including (i) the Development Plan activities to which such Development Costs are attributable, (ii) the FTEs devoted to such Development Plan activities and (iii) upon Ono s written request (A) copies of invoices from Third Party vendors or contractors, (B) acknowledgement of receipt of fees from Regulatory Authorities and (C) such other reasonable documentation from the Company s accounting system to support the Out-of-Pocket Expenses, and shall issue to Ono a written invoice for the difference between (x) the actual Development Costs incurred in such calendar quarter and (y) the Quarterly Advance paid by Ono for such calendar quarter. If the Quarterly Advance paid by Ono for a particular calendar quarter exceeds the actual Development Costs for such calendar quarter, then Ono shall be entitled to a credit in the amount of the excess that will be applied to each amount payable in respect of Development Funding after delivery of such quarterly Development Cost report until exhausted; provided, however, that if any credit remains unused after the final quarterly Development Cost report is delivered, then Equillium shall refund to Ono the amount of such remaining credit. For clarity, Ono s Development Funding obligation shall, in addition to the foregoing, include Development Costs actually incurred by Equillium from July 1, 2022 through the date of this Agreement. 
 (d)	 Ono shall pay each invoice issued by Equillium pursuant to Section 8.10(c) within [ ] of receipt. For clarity, Ono shall be obligated to reimburse all documented Development Costs actually incurred by Equillium in accordance with the Development Plan, regardless of whether such Development Costs exceed Development Cost estimates or are incurred before or after the calendar quarter in which they were expected to be incurred; provided, however, that Ono shall not be required to pay any actual Development Costs incurred in any particular calendar year that exceeds [ ] of the Development Budget (as set forth in the Development 
 59 
 
 281923888 v10 

Plan) for such calendar year, unless the overage is the result of a change in scope of the Development Plan approved in writing by Ono or the overage is approved in writing for payment by Ono. For clarity, subject only to the preceding sentence, Ono shall be obligated to reimburse all documented Development Costs actually incurred by Equillium in accordance with the Development Plan, regardless of whether any such Development Costs exceed Development Cost estimates or are incurred before or after the accounting period in which they were expected to be incurred. Equillium agrees to promptly provide Ono with additional information reasonably requested by Ono related to the Development Costs during such calendar quarter to confirm that such Development Costs were incurred in accordance with the Development Plan and this Agreement. 
 8.11	Financial Records and Audit . Equillium shall keep, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to keep, full, true and accurate records and books of account pertaining to Development Costs incurred by it in sufficient detail to permit Ono to confirm the accuracy of the Development Cost reports and invoices delivered by Equillium pursuant to Section 8.10, for at least [ ] full calendar years following the end of the calendar year to which they pertain. Ono shall have the right, once annually, to cause an independent, internationally recognized accounting firm selected and engaged by Ono to audit such records and books in order to confirm the accuracy of such Development Cost reports and invoices for a period covering not more than the preceding two full calendar years (a Financial Audit ). The records and books of Equillium and its Subsidiaries for a particular calendar year shall be subject to audit by Ono under this Section 8.11 only once. Audits pursuant to this Section 8.11 may be exercised during normal business hours upon reasonable prior written notice to Equillium. The auditor will execute a reasonable written confidentiality agreement with Equillium, use reasonable efforts to minimize any disruption to Equillium s business, and disclose to Ono only such information as is reasonably necessary to provide Ono with information regarding any discrepancies between amounts reported and invoiced and Development Costs that Ono is obligated to reimburse under this Agreement. Equillium shall make personnel reasonably available during regular business hours to answer queries on all such books and records required for the purpose of the Financial Audit. The auditor shall deliver a copy of its findings to each of the Parties within [ ] of the completion of the review, and in the absence of fraud or manifest error, the findings of such auditor shall be final and binding on each of the Parties. If such Financial Audit reveals that actual Development Costs in any calendar year (except to the extent such Development Costs exceeded [ ] of the Development Budget for such calendar year) exceeded the Development Costs invoiced by Equillium in such calendar year, then Ono shall pay the difference to Equillium. If such Financial Audit reveals that the Development Costs invoiced by Equillium in any calendar year exceeded actual Development Costs in such calendar year, then: 
 (a)	 Ono shall be entitled to credit such excess (i) against Development Costs invoiced pursuant to Section 8.10 in subsequent calendar quarter(s), if any or (ii) if there will be no subsequent invoices of Development Costs or if Ono is otherwise unable to apply the full amount of such credit against subsequently-invoiced Development Costs, and Ono has exercised the Purchase Option, against other amounts payable to Equillium pursuant to this Agreement; or 
 (b)	 if the Purchase Option expires unexercised, or the Purchase Option is exercised but the Closing does not occur prior to the termination of this Agreement, and, in either 
 60 
 
 281923888 v10 

case, Ono was not able to recover the full amount of such excess pursuant to clause (i) of Section 8.11(a) prior to such expiration or termination, then, within [ ] after such expiration or termination, Equillium shall pay to Ono the amount of any such excess that Ono was not able to so recover; 
 in each case (clauses (a) and (b)), provided, however, that if such Financial Audit reveals that the amount of such excess in any calendar year is greater than [ ] of actual Development Costs in such calendar year, then the amount of such excess that Ono is entitled to recover under Section 8.11(a) or (b), as applicable, shall bear interest at the rate set forth in Section 3.7(f) from the end of such calendar year until the date Ono recovers such excess pursuant to Section 8.11(a) or (b), as applicable. The cost of the accountants shall be the responsibility of Ono unless such Financial Audit reveals that the amount of such excess in any calendar year is greater than [ ] of actual Development Costs in such calendar year, in which case [ ] for such costs. 
 8.12	Insurance . Equillium shall procure and maintain insurance that is available on commercially reasonable terms, including general liability, clinical trial, product liability and other insurance as necessary, adequate to cover its obligations hereunder and which is consistent with normal business practices of prudent companies similarly situated at all times during which any Product is being clinically tested in human subjects or commercially distributed or sold by or on behalf of Equillium pursuant to this Agreement. Such insurance coverage shall be in amounts per loss occurrence and in the aggregate as are customary in the industry in the Equillium Territory, but shall not be less than [ ] per loss occurrence and [ ] in the aggregate each calendar year. Such insurance coverage shall not be construed to limit Equillium s liability under Article 11. Equillium shall provide Ono with written evidence of such insurance upon Ono s request. 
 8.13	Patent Prosecution and Maintenance . Subject to Sections 7.2(g) and 8.14, until the Closing, as between the Parties, Equillium shall be solely responsible and have the sole authority for preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, enforcing and defending all Patent Rights Controlled by Equillium, at Equillium s sole expense and using counsel selected by Equillium. 
 8.14	Intellectual Property Rights . 
 (a)	 Until the Closing, inventorship of Program Inventions shall be determined in accordance with United States patent laws. Until the Closing, as between the Parties, Equillium shall solely own all right, title and interest in and to (i) all Results, (ii) all Program Know-How, including all Program Inventions, and all Patent Rights claiming such Program Inventions and (iii) any other Intellectual Property rights in and to the foregoing in clause (ii) throughout the world ((i) to (iii) collectively, the Program IP ). To the extent any Representative of Ono is an inventor of any Program Invention as determined in accordance with United States patent laws or otherwise creates any Program IP, Ono hereby assigns and shall assign to Equillium (or if assignment is not permitted, waives enforcement of or grants to Equillium an exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, fully-paid license, with the right to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicense under) all right, title and interest in and to such Program Invention and all Program IP, and shall cooperate fully, including by executing all papers and instruments and taking all actions, and requiring its Representatives to execute all papers and instruments and take all actions, to effectuate and perfect Equillium s sole ownership thereof and to enable Equillium to file, 
 61 
 
 281923888 v10 

prosecute, defend and enforce patent rights claiming Program Inventions in any country in accordance with Section 8.13. For the avoidance of doubt, all Program IP shall constitute Transferred Intellectual Property and, following the Closing, Ono shall solely own all right, title and interest in and to the Program IP. 
 (b)	 Without limiting Section 7.1 or 7.2, until the Closing, Equillium shall keep Ono reasonably informed of (i) the progress of the prosecution of any Program IP, (ii) the lapse or abandonment of any Program IP and (iii) the progress with regard to the enforcement and defense of any Program IP. 
 (c)	 If Equillium plans to permit the lapse of, abandon or cease prosecution or maintenance of, any Patent Right included in the Program IP, Equillium shall notify Ono in writing promptly upon making such decision, but in no event fewer than 90 days (or as promptly as reasonably practicable) in advance of the due date of any payment or other action that is required to prosecute and maintain such Patent Right. 
 (d)	 For the avoidance of doubt, except as expressly granted hereunder: (i) no right, title, interest or license under any information, know-how or Intellectual Property is granted or shall be granted under this Agreement by implication or estoppel; and (ii) any such right, title, interest or license is or shall be granted only as expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 9.	TAX MATTERS 
 9.1	Transaction Taxes . [ ] shall [ ] bear [ ] of all sales, use, value added, services, goods and services, consumption, transfer, stamp, registration, documentary, real property, personal property and similar Taxes Transaction Taxes incurred as a result of the Transactions (except to the extent in connection with a payment under Article 8). For the avoidance of doubt, Transaction Taxes shall not include any Taxes based on income or gains. The Party customarily responsible under applicable Law shall file all related Tax Returns, and the non-preparing Party shall cooperate in duly and properly preparing, executing, and filing any certificates or other documents required to be filed in connection with such Transaction Taxes and Tax Returns. 
 9.2	Transaction Taxes on Article 8 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all payments under Article 8 are exclusive of Transaction Taxes. If any Transaction Taxes are chargeable in respect of any payments under Article 8, Ono shall pay such Transaction Taxes at the applicable rate in respect of any such payments following the receipt of a valid invoice issued by Equillium setting forth the amount of such Transaction Taxes. Such Transaction Taxes shall be due on the due date of the payment to which such Transaction Taxes relate. Equillium shall reasonably cooperate with Ono in obtaining any reduction, exemption, credit and refund with respect to any such Transaction Taxes. 
 9.3	Purchase Price Allocation . Within [ ] following the Closing Date, Equillium shall prepare and deliver to Ono a draft schedule allocating the Purchase Price, the Assumed Liabilities and any other relevant items or adjustments (and all other capitalized costs) among the Purchased Assets in a manner consistent with Section 1060 of the Code, the applicable Treasury Regulations and other applicable Tax Law (the Proposed Allocation Schedule ). The Parties shall 
 62 
 
 281923888 v10 

negotiate in good faith to resolve any disputes over the Proposed Allocation Schedule, and the allocation as agreed to by the Parties shall be the Final Allocation Schedule . Unless otherwise required by (i) applicable Law or (ii) the resolution of an audit by a tax authority, all Tax Returns filed, and Tax positions taken, by each Party shall be consistent with such Final Allocation Schedule. 
 9.4	Foreign Derived Intangible Income . Ono shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide, at Equillium s cost and expense, any information and documentation in its possession reasonably requested by Equillium to obtain the benefits of Section 250 of the Code, and the applicable Treasury Regulations, including information required to demonstrate the extent to which the Purchased Assets will be sold, consumed, used and/or manufactured outside of the United States. 
 9.5	Withholding Rights . 
 (a)	 Ono shall be entitled to deduct and withhold (or cause to be deducted and withheld) from any amount otherwise payable to any Person pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code or any provision of applicable Tax Law. At Equillium s written request, Ono shall use commercially reasonable efforts to assist Equillium in obtaining any reduction or exemption of any such withholding and to provide Equillium with a copy of the applicable tax payment receipt or such other reasonable evidence with respect to the payment of the applicable withheld amounts to the appropriate Governmental Authority. To the extent that such amounts are so withheld and remitted to the appropriate Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, such withheld and remitted amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the applicable Person in respect of whom such deduction and withholding was made. 
 (b)	 If, after the date of this Agreement, (i) Ono unilaterally assigns, licenses or sublicenses its rights or obligations under this Agreement or changes its residency for applicable Tax purposes (each, an Ono Tax Action ), (ii) such Ono Tax Action was not pursuant to a request by Equillium or contemplated by or otherwise required to comply with this Agreement, (iii) as a result of such Ono Tax Action, Ono is required to withhold Taxes from or in respect of any amount payable under this Agreement and such Taxes exceed the amount of Taxes that would have been required to be withheld absent such Ono Tax Action (such excess, an Increased Withholding and (iv) to the extent Equillium cannot reasonably be expected to obtain or utilize any credit or other Tax benefits in respect of such Increased Withholding in the taxable year Equillium receives such payment, then the applicable amount payable under this Agreement shall be increased as necessary so that after the making of all required withholdings (including withholdings on additional amounts payable) and the utilization of all credits and other Tax benefits that could be utilized in that taxable year Used Credits ), Equillium is in the same net after-tax position had no such Ono Tax Action occurred; provided that to the extent Equillium obtains or utilizes a credit or other Tax benefits in respect of such Increased Withholding (other than Used Credits) in the immediately three succeeding taxable years, Equillium shall promptly pay to Ono an amount equal to the value of such credit or Tax benefits. 
 63 
 
 281923888 v10 

10.	CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 
 10.1	General Conditions . The respective obligations of Ono and Equillium to consummate the Closing shall be subject to the fulfillment, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions, any of which may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, be waived in writing by either Party in its sole discretion (provided, that such waiver shall only be effective as to the obligations of such Party): 
 (a)	Purchase Option Exercise . The Option Exercise Effective Date shall have occurred. 
 (b)	No Injunction or Prohibition . No Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Law (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is then in effect and that enjoins, restrains, conditions, makes illegal or otherwise prohibits the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 (c)	No Action . No Action shall be pending before or by any Governmental Authority (i) challenging the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under applicable Law or (ii) seeking to restrain or prevent the carrying out of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 10.2	Conditions to Obligations of Equillium . The obligations of Equillium to consummate the Closing shall be subject to the fulfillment, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in writing by Equillium in its sole discretion: 
 (a)	Representations, Warranties and Covenants . The representations and warranties of Ono contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct both in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified as to materiality, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the Closing Date, or in the case of representations and warranties that are made as of a specified date, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct, to the extent set forth above, as of such specified date. Ono shall have materially performed all obligations and agreements and complied in all material respects with all covenants and conditions required to be performed or complied with by Ono prior to the Closing. Equillium shall have received from Ono the certificate referred to in Section 3.6(b)(ii)(3). 
 (b)	Deliveries . Equillium shall have received an executed copy of each of the documents listed in Section 3.6(b)(ii). 
 10.3	Conditions to Obligations of Ono . The obligations of Ono to consummate the Closing shall be subject to the fulfillment, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in writing by Ono in its sole discretion: 
 (a)	Representations, Warranties and Covenants . The representations and warranties of Equillium contained in this Agreement (as qualified by the Updated Disclosure Schedules) shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and 
 64 
 
 281923888 v10 

warranties that are qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the Closing Date, or in the case of representations and warranties that are made as of a specified date, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct, to the extent set forth above, as of such specified date. Equillium shall have materially performed all obligations and agreements and complied in all material respects with all covenants and conditions required to be performed or complied with by Equillium prior to the Closing. Ono shall have received from Equillium the certificate referred to in Section 3.6(c)(i)(3). 
 (b)	No Material Adverse Effect . No Material Adverse Effect, nor any event, change, circumstance, occurrence, effect, result or state of facts that could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect, shall have occurred since the delivery of the first set of Updated Disclosure Schedules in accordance with Section 2.4(a) and be uncured. 
 (c)	Competition Clearance . (i) The competent competition law Governmental Authorities of each jurisdiction in respect of which consent, approval, clearance or waiver under the applicable merger-control, antitrust, competition or trade regulation Laws of such jurisdiction is necessary or advisable in relation to the Closing shall have granted (or be deemed to have granted) such consent, approval, clearance or waiver, (ii) each applicable waiting period under all such Laws shall have expired or been terminated by the relevant Governmental Authority and (iii) there shall be no pending agreement between either Party and any Governmental Authority not to consummate the Closing. 
 (d)	Deliveries . Ono shall have received an executed copy of each of the documents listed in Section 3.6(c)(i). 
 (e)	Release of Encumbrances . Ono shall have received evidence reasonably acceptable to Ono of the termination and release of any Encumbrances in respect of the Purchased Assets under or in connection with (i) the Loan and Security Agreement dated September 30, 2019, among Equillium, Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank, (ii) any debt facility entered into in accordance with the exception set forth in Schedule 7.1 and (iii) any loan or other agreement between Equillium and any of its Affiliates. 
 11.	INDEMNIFICATION 
 11.1	Survival . 
 (a)	 The representations and warranties of each Party contained in this Agreement (in the case of Equillium, as qualified by the Disclosure Schedules and the Updated Disclosure Schedules in accordance with Article 4) and any schedule or certificate or other document delivered pursuant hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall survive the Closing until (i) in the case of the representations and warranties other than the Fundamental R Ws and IP R Ws, 5:00 p.m. (Pacific time) on the date [ ] after the Closing Date, (ii) in the case of the IP R Ws, 5:00 p.m. (Pacific time) on the date [ ] after the Closing Date, or (iii) in the case of the Fundamental R Ws, 5:00 p.m. (Pacific time) on the [ ] of the Closing Date. 
 65 
 
 281923888 v10 

(b)	 The respective pre-Closing covenants and agreements of each Party contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing until 5:00 p.m. (Pacific time) on the date [ ] after the Closing Date, and the post-Closing covenants and agreements of each Party contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing until the [ ] following the expiration of the statute of limitations following the date all performance thereunder was due to be performed. 
 (c)	 Neither Party shall have any liability for Losses in respect of a breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement or other indemnity matter contained in this Agreement unless a good faith written notice of a bona fide claim for indemnification pursuant to this Article 11 (a Claim Notice is given by an Ono Indemnified Party to Equillium or an Equillium Indemnified Party to Ono (as the case may be) in accordance with Section 11.4 prior to the expiration of the survival period for the relevant representation, warranty, covenant or agreement, in which case such representation, warranty, covenant or agreement shall survive as to such claim until such claim has been finally resolved, without the requirement of commencing any Action in order to extend such survival period or preserve such claim. 
 (d)	 It is the express intent of the Parties that, if the applicable survival period for an item as contemplated by this Section 11.1 is shorter than the statute of limitations that would otherwise have been applicable to such item, then, by contract, the applicable statute of limitations with respect to such item shall be reduced to the shortened survival period contemplated by this Agreement. The Parties further acknowledge that the time periods set forth in this Section 11.1 for the assertion of claims under this Agreement are the result of arms-length negotiation between the Parties and that they intend for the time periods to be enforced as agreed by the Parties. 
 11.2	Indemnification . 
 (a)	 Equillium shall save, defend, indemnify and hold harmless Ono and its Affiliates and the respective Representatives, successors and assigns of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Ono Indemnified Parties and each, an Ono Indemnified Party from and against, and shall compensate and reimburse each of the foregoing for, any and all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, interest, awards, judgments, penalties, costs and expenses (including reasonable documented out-of-pocket attorneys fees and expenses and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in defending, asserting or settling the foregoing), but expressly excluding any unforeseeable, speculative, special or indirect damages (except to the extent paid by an Ono Indemnified Party to a Third Party in connection with a Third Party Claim) (collectively, Losses ), actually incurred by any of the foregoing as a result of or arising out of: 
 (i)	 any breach of any representation or warranty made by Equillium contained in Article 4 (as qualified by the Disclosure Schedules and the Updated Disclosure Schedules in accordance with Article 4) or any certificate delivered pursuant to Section 3.6(c)(i); 
 (ii)	 any breach by Equillium of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (as qualified by the Disclosure Schedules or applicable Schedule); and 
 (iii)	 any Excluded Liabilities. 
 66 
 
 281923888 v10 

(b)	 Ono shall save, defend, indemnify and hold harmless Equillium and its Affiliates and the respective Representatives, successors and assigns of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Equillium Indemnified Parties and each, an Equillium Indemnified Party from and against, and shall compensate and reimburse each of the foregoing for, any and all Losses actually incurred by any of the foregoing as a result of or arising out of: 
 (i)	 any breach of any representation or warranty made by Ono contained in Article 6 or any certificate delivered pursuant to Section 3.6(b)(ii); 
 (ii)	 any breach by Ono of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement; and 
 (iii)	 any Assumed Liabilities. 
 11.3	Materiality Scrape . For the purposes of determining (a) whether any breach of any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement has occurred and (b) the amount of Losses resulting from any such breach, the determination shall, other than in the case of Fundamental R Ws, in each case, be made without references to the terms material , materiality , Material Adverse Effect , material adverse effect or other similar qualifications as to materiality contained in any such representation or warranty. 
 11.4	Claim Notices . Each Claim Notice shall (a) state in good faith that the Indemnified Party has or may have a claim for Losses, (b) state in good faith the amount (estimated if necessary) of such Losses that have been or may be incurred, paid, reserved or accrued, (c) specify in reasonable detail the nature of the claim to which such Losses are related and the provision of the Agreement which gives rise to the claim and (d) with respect to Third Party Claims, include copies of any summons, written complaints or other pleadings which may have been served on such Indemnified Party. 
 11.5	Third Party Claim Procedures. 
 (a)	 In respect of a claim arising out of or involving a Loss by any person against an Ono Indemnified Party or an Equillium Indemnified Party (such person, an Indemnified Party and such claim, a Third Party Claim ), such Indemnified Party shall deliver a Claim Notice in respect thereof to Equillium or Ono, as applicable (such person, the Indemnifying Party with reasonable promptness after receipt by the Indemnified Party of notice of the Third Party Claim (and in any event within [ ] after becoming aware of the Third Party Claim), and shall provide the Indemnifying Party with such information with respect thereto as the Indemnifying Party may reasonably request. The failure to timely deliver a Claim Notice, however, shall not release the Indemnifying Party from any of its obligations under this Article 11 except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by such failure. The existence of any Third Party Claim shall not create a presumption of any indemnification obligation of either Party. A Party s consent to any settlement of a Third Party Claim shall not be used as evidence of the truth of the allegations in such Third Party Claim or the merits of such Third Party Claim. Furthermore, the existence of any Third Party Claim shall not create a presumption of any breach of any representations, warranties or covenants set forth in this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement. 
 67 
 
 281923888 v10 

(b)	 The Indemnifying Party shall have the right, upon written notice to the Indemnified Party within [ ] of receipt of a Claim Notice from the Indemnified Party in respect of such Third Party Claim, to assume the defense thereof at the expense of the Indemnifying Party with counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party and reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party; provided, however, that the Indemnifying Party shall not be entitled to assume, and the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to have control over, the defense of any Third Party Claim (with counsel selected by the Indemnified Party and reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnifying Party) to the extent that such Third Party Claim seeks an order, injunction or other equitable relief against the Indemnified Party which, if successful, could reasonably be expected to interfere with the business, operations, assets or financial condition of the Indemnified Party. If the Indemnifying Party does not expressly elect to assume the defense of such Third Party Claim within the time period and otherwise in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 11.5(b), the Indemnified Party shall have the sole right to assume the defense of such Third Party Claim. The Party not controlling the defense of the Third Party Claim shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Party unless, in the written opinion of outside counsel to the Indemnified Party, it is advisable for the Indemnified Party to be represented by separate counsel due to actual or potential conflicts of interest, in which case the Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ counsel to represent it and in that event the reasonable documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of such separate counsel shall be paid by the Indemnifying Party. 
 (c)	 The Party not controlling the Third Party Claim (the Non-Controlling Party shall reasonably cooperate with the Party controlling the Third Party Claim (the Controlling Party in such defense and make available to the Controlling Party all witnesses, pertinent records, materials and information in the Non-Controlling Party s possession or under the Non-Controlling Party s control relating thereto as is reasonably required by the Controlling Party; provided, however, that such actions and cooperation by the Non-Controlling Party will not unduly disrupt the operations of the Non-Controlling Party s business or cause the Non-Controlling Party to waive any statutory or common law privileges, breach any confidentiality obligations owed to third parties or otherwise cause any confidential information of the Non-Controlling Party to become public. The Controlling Party shall not, without the prior written consent of the Non-Controlling Party (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), enter into any settlement or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to such Third Party Claim; provided, however, that if the Indemnifying Party (as the Controlling Party) is proposing to enter into any settlement or compromise or consent to the entry of any monetary judgment with respect to such Third Party Claim, such consent of the Indemnified Party (as the Non-Controlling Party) shall not be required if (i) the Indemnifying Party agrees to pay or cause to be paid any amounts payable pursuant to such settlement, compromise or judgment and such settlement, compromise or judgment includes no admission of liability by or other obligation on the part of the Indemnified Party, (ii) such settlement, compromise or judgment includes an unconditional written release by the claimant or plaintiff of the Indemnified Party from all liability in respect of such Third Party Claim and (iii) such settlement, compromise or judgment does not provide for injunctive or other non-monetary relief, including any restrictions or sanctions, that could reasonably be expected to affect the Indemnified Party. 
 68 
 
 281923888 v10 

11.6	Direct Claim Procedures . 
 (a)	 An Indemnified Party seeking indemnification in respect of, arising out of or involving a Loss that does not involve a Third Party Claim being asserted against or sought to be collected from such Indemnified Party (a Direct Claim shall deliver a Claim Notice in respect thereof to the Indemnifying Party with reasonable promptness (but in any event no later than 10 Business Days after becoming aware of facts supporting such Direct Claim), and shall provide the Indemnifying Party with such information with respect thereto as the Indemnifying Party may reasonably request. The failure to timely deliver a Claim Notice, however, shall not release the Indemnifying Party from any of its obligations under this Article 11 except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by such failure. 
 (b)	 The Indemnified Party shall reasonably cooperate and assist the Indemnifying Party in determining the validity of any Direct Claim, including by providing reasonable access to and copies of information, records and documents relating to such Direct Claim; provided, however, that such actions and cooperation by the Indemnified Party will not unduly disrupt the operations of the Indemnified Party s business or cause the Indemnified Party to waive any statutory or common law privileges, breach any confidentiality obligations owed to third parties or otherwise cause any confidential information of the Indemnified Party to become public. 
 (c)	 If the Indemnifying Party does not notify the Indemnified Party within [ ] following its receipt of a Claim Notice in respect of a Direct Claim that the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability to the Indemnified Party hereunder, such Direct Claim specified by the Indemnified Party in such Claim Notice shall be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party hereunder and the Indemnifying Party shall indemnify the Indemnified Party for such Losses (or, in the case of any notice in which the Losses (or any portion thereof) are estimated, the amount of such Losses (or such portion thereof) as finally determined) subject to the limitations of this Article 11. If the Indemnifying Party agrees that it has an indemnification obligation but asserts that it is obligated to pay a lesser amount than that claimed by the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party shall indemnify the Indemnified Party for such lesser amount, without prejudice to or waiver of the Indemnified Party s claim for the difference. If the Indemnifying Party contests the payment of all or part of the claimed amount, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall use good faith efforts to resolve such dispute. If such dispute is not resolved within [ ] following the delivery by the Indemnifying Party of such response, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall each have the right to submit such dispute to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.10. 
 11.7	Subrogation . To the extent that an Indemnifying Party makes any indemnification payment to an Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party will, to the extent of such payment, be entitled to exercise, and will be subrogated to, any rights and remedies (including rights of indemnity, rights of contribution and other rights of recovery) that the Indemnified Party or any of its Affiliates may have against any Third Party with respect to the Losses to which such indemnification payment relates. The Indemnified Party shall take such actions as the Indemnifying Party may reasonably request (at the Indemnifying Party s cost and expense) for the purpose of enabling the Indemnifying Party to perfect or exercise the Indemnifying Party s right of subrogation under this Section 11.7. 
 69 
 
 281923888 v10 

11.8	Limits on Indemnification . 
 (a)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement: 
 (i)	 no indemnification shall be available under Section 11.2(a)(i), Section 11.2(a)(ii) (solely with respect to any claim arising from or relating to the matters set forth in Section 7.15 or 7.16) or Section 11.2(b)(i) (A) in respect of any individual claim or series of related claims based on a similar set of operative facts unless the amount claimed is greater than an amount equal to [ ] (the De Minimis Amount ), in which case the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to recover all Losses in connection with such claim or series of related claims (including the De Minimis Amount) and (B) unless and until the aggregate amount of indemnifiable Losses which may be recovered from the Indemnifying Party equals or exceeds an amount equal to [ ], in which case the Indemnifying Party shall be liable for the full amount of such Losses; 
 (ii)	 after the Closing, the maximum aggregate amount of indemnifiable Losses which may be recovered from Equillium under Section 11.2(a)(i) in respect of any of (A) the representations and warranties of Equillium other than the Fundamental R Ws and IP R Ws shall be an amount equal to 10 of the Aggregate Payments, (B) the IP R Ws shall be an amount equal to 50 of the Aggregate Payments, provided that any payments actually made by Equillium under Section 11.2(a)(i) that would reduce the maximum amount recoverable under clause (A) shall also reduce the maximum amount recoverable under this clause (B) or (C) the Fundamental R Ws shall be an amount equal to 100 of the Aggregate Payments; 
 (iii)	 prior to the Closing, other than in respect of Fraud, the maximum aggregate amount of indemnifiable Losses which may be recovered from Equillium under Section 11.2(a)(i) and (ii) shall be an amount equal to the Development Funding actually paid to Equillium; 
 (iv)	 in no event shall, other than (A) pursuant to Section 11.2(a)(iii) or 11.8(a)(iii) or (B) in respect of Fraud, Equillium be liable in the aggregate in excess of an amount equal to the sum of 100 of the Aggregate Payments; 
 (v)	 other than (A) pursuant to Section 11.2(a)(iii) or 11.8(a)(iii) or (B) in respect of Fraud, if the amount of indemnifiable Losses which may be recovered from Equillium at any given time exceeds (x) the amount of Aggregate Payments actually paid by Ono to Equillium, less (y) the amount of any payments actually made by Equillium under Section 11.2(a)(i) or (ii), the Ono Indemnified Parties recourse in respect of such excess shall be limited to the Offset Right; 
 (vi)	 notwithstanding anything in Sections 11.8(a)(iii), 11.8(a)(iv) and 11.8(a)(v) to the contrary, other than in respect of Fraud, the maximum aggregate amount of indemnifiable Losses for which Equillium shall be liable with respect to a breach of Section 7.6 shall be an amount equal to the sum of the Upfront Payment and the Development Funding actually paid to Equillium; 
 (vii)	 the maximum aggregate amount of indemnifiable Losses which may be recovered from Ono under Section 11.2(b)(ii) in respect of any breach of Section 3.7(b) 
 70 
 
 281923888 v10 

shall be an amount equal to the Milestone Payment with respect to the Milestone Event that was not achieved as a result of such breach; and 
 (viii)	 in no event shall, other than pursuant to Section 11.2(b)(iii), Ono be liable in the aggregate in excess of an amount equal to 100 of the Aggregate Payments. 
 (b)	 If an Indemnifying Party has indemnified any Indemnified Party under this Article 11 for any Losses that are actually recovered by the Indemnified Party under any policies of insurance, then the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the amount of such indemnification to the Indemnifying Party to the extent of such recovery under any policies of insurance (net of documented associated expenses and costs of recovery and any premium increases or retroactive premium adjustments, in each case to the extent arising out of, related to or resulting from the relevant Losses). For purposes of calculating the amount of Loss incurred by an Indemnified Party for purposes of this Agreement there shall be deducted an amount equal to the amount of any other indemnification payments, contribution payments, reimbursements or refunds that are received by such Indemnified Party or any of such Indemnified Party s Affiliates in connection with such Losses or the circumstances giving rise thereto (net of documented associated expenses and costs of recovery and any premium increases or retroactive premium adjustments, in each case to the extent arising out of, related to or resulting from the relevant Losses). Each Indemnified Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate any Losses, which in the absence of mitigation might give rise to or increase Losses in respect of any claim under this Article 11. In no event will multiple recovery for any Losses be allowed. 
 11.9	No Anti-Sandbagging . The right to indemnification or other remedy under or in respect of this Agreement shall not be affected by any investigation conducted, or any knowledge acquired (or capable of being acquired) (other than pursuant to the Disclosure Schedules), in each case whether before or after the date of this Agreement or the Closing Date, with respect to the accuracy or inaccuracy of or compliance with any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement. 
 11.10	Effect of Waiver . The waiver of any condition to Closing based upon the accuracy of any representation or warranty, or on the performance of or compliance with any covenant or agreement, shall not affect any right to indemnification or other remedy of the waiving Party based on such representations, warranties, covenants and agreements. 
 11.11	Tax Matters . All indemnification and other payments under this Article 11 shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, be treated for all applicable Tax purposes as adjustments to the Purchase Price. 
 11.12	Right of Set Off . Subject to the limitations in this Article 11, Ono is expressly authorized to secure payment for any Losses as a result of, arising out of or relating to Section 11.2, through set off of amounts owed to Equillium in respect of the Closing Payment or other Milestone Payments (the Offset Right against such Losses. If at the time the Closing Payment or any other Milestone Payment is due and payable pursuant to Section 8.10, 3.6(b)(i) or 3.7(a) (as the case may be) there is any outstanding Claim Notice, then Ono shall be entitled, but shall not be required, to withhold from any such payment, only the amount of unresolved Losses claimed 
 71 
 
 281923888 v10 

in the Claim Notice in accordance with Section 11.4 (the Offset Amount ). If the final amount of Losses for such Claim Notice is finally determined in accordance with this Article 11 to be less than the Offset Amount withheld from such payment, then Ono shall promptly, and in any event within [ ] following the final determination of the actual amount of such Losses, pay to Equillium the balance of the applicable payment. To the extent any Losses claimed in a Claim Notice have been resolved between the Parties, and a Milestone Payment is due and payable or is reasonably expected to be due and payable within [ ] of such Losses having been resolved, Ono shall first recover such Losses against such Milestone Payment pursuant to its Offset Right before seeking to recover directly from Equillium. 
 11.13	Exclusive Remedy . The Parties acknowledge and agree that, after the Closing, this Article 11 will provide the exclusive remedy of the Ono Indemnified Parties against the Equillium Indemnified Parties and the Equillium Indemnified Parties against the Ono Indemnified Parties for any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the certificates to be delivered under Section 3.6(c)(i) and Section 3.6(b)(ii) and/or the transactions contemplated hereby. No Ono Indemnified Party or Equillium Indemnified Party may avoid the limitations on liability, recovery and recourse set forth in this Article 11 by seeking damages for breach of contract, tort or pursuant to any other theory or liability. Nothing in this Section 11.13 shall limit any Person s right to seek and obtain any equitable relief to which any Person shall be entitled to pursuant to Section 13.11. 
 11.14	Fraud . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the limitations set forth in this Article 11 that would otherwise apply for the benefit of an Indemnifying Party shall not apply in respect of any Losses that arise out of or result from Fraud by or on behalf of such Indemnifying Party. 
 12.	TERMINATION 
 12.1	Termination . This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing: 
 (a)	 by mutual written consent of the Parties; 
 (b)	 by Equillium, if Equillium is not then in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement and Ono breaches or fails to perform in any respect any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement and such breach or failure to perform (i) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 10.2, (ii) cannot be or has not been cured within [ ] following delivery by Equillium to Ono of written notice of such breach or failure to perform and (iii) has not been waived by Equillium; 
 (c)	 by Ono, if Ono is not then in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement and: 
 (i)	 Equillium breaches or fails to perform in any respect any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement and such breach or failure to perform (A) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 10.3, (B) cannot be or has not been cured within [ ] following delivery by Ono to Equillium of written notice of such breach or failure to perform and (C) has not been waived by Ono; or 
 72 
 
 281923888 v10 

(ii)	 subject to Section 2.4(e), Equillium discloses to Ono (including in accordance with Section 2.4 or 7.5), or Ono otherwise becomes aware of, any change, condition or event that (A) would give rise to the failure of the condition set forth in Section 10.3(a) or (b) (assuming that the representations and warranties of Equillium are not qualified by the Updated Disclosure Schedules except with respect to (I) any item added to any list set forth in Schedule 4.5 , 4.7(d)(i) or (ii) , 4.7(i) , 4.7(j) or 4.14 of the Disclosure Schedules in light of any change, condition or event that occurred or arose after the date of this Agreement or (II) any change, condition or event resulting from any action (x) required or expressly permitted under this Agreement or the Development Plan (as set forth in Exhibit C to this Agreement taking into account any amendment thereto signed on behalf of each Party) or (y) consented to by Ono in writing (email being sufficient)) and (B) cannot be or has not been cured within following delivery by Ono to Equillium of written notice of such expected failure; 
 (d)	 by either Party if the Closing shall not have occurred by (as extended or shortened in accordance with this Section 12.1(d), the Long-Stop Date ); provided, however, that: 
 (i)	 the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 12.1(d) shall not be available if the failure of the Party so requesting termination to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement shall have been the cause of, or shall have resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or prior to the Long-Stop Date; 
 (ii)	 if the Data Package Review Period has commenced and would end after the Long-Stop Date, the Long-Stop Date shall be extended automatically to the end of the Data Package Review Period; 
 (iii)	 if the Option Exercise Effective Date occurs (A) less than [ ] before the Long-Stop Date, the Long-Stop Date shall be extended automatically or (B) more than [ ] before the Long-Stop Date, the Long-Stop Date shall be shortened automatically, in each case to the [ ] from the Option Exercise Effective Date; and 
 (iv)	 [ ]before either Party exercises its right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 12.1(d), it shall notify the other Party of its intention to so terminate this Agreement and discuss with the other Party in good faith whether it would be reasonable to extend the Long-Stop Date; or 
 (e)	 by Ono in its sole discretion by delivery to Equillium of written notice of such termination. 
 The Party seeking to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 12.1 (other than Section 12.1(a)) shall give prompt written notice of such termination to the other Party. 
 12.2	Automatic Termination . This Agreement shall terminate automatically in accordance with Section 2.5. 
 12.3	Effect of Termination . In the event of termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 12.1 or 12.2, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no liability on the part of either Party except (a) for the provisions of Section 7.7 (Confidentiality), Section 
 73 
 
 281923888 v10 

7.9 (Public Announcements), Section 8.11(b) (Financial Records and Audit), Article 13 (General Provisions), this Section 12.3 and Section 12.4 and (b) that no such termination shall relieve either Party from any liability or damages arising out of any breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement, in which case the non-breaching Party shall be entitled to all rights and remedies available under this Agreement or applicable Law. 
 12.4	Reimbursement After Termination . Without limiting Section 12.3, in the event of termination of this Agreement by Ono pursuant to Section 12.1(e), Ono shall be obligated to reimburse Development Costs incurred by Equillium during the period of [ ] beginning upon the effective date of such termination in the performance of the Program in accordance with the Development Plan and the provisions of Sections 3.7(f), 8.10 and Article 9, mutatis mutandis . 
 13.	GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 13.1	Payments . All payments hereunder shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds in United States dollars to such account as may be designated to the payor by the payee at least [ ] prior to the applicable payment date. In respect of any payment to be made by Ono to Equillium where the relevant amount is denominated in JPY, the rate of exchange shall be that applied by [ ] for the purchase by Ono of United States dollars with Japanese Yen at the time of the payment. 
 13.2	Fees and Expenses . Except as otherwise provided herein, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with or related to this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Transactions shall be paid by the Party incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not such transactions are consummated; provided, however, that no such fees and expenses payable by Equillium shall be paid from any assets otherwise transferable to Ono pursuant hereto. In the event of termination of this Agreement, the obligation of each Party to pay its own expenses will be subject to any rights of such Party arising from a breach of this Agreement by the other. 
 13.3	Amendment and Modification . This Agreement may not be amended, modified or supplemented in any manner, whether by course of conduct or otherwise, except by an instrument in writing specifically designated as an amendment hereto, signed on behalf of each Party. 
 13.4	Waiver . No failure or delay of either Party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, or any course of conduct, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Parties hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies which they would otherwise have hereunder. Any agreement on the part of either Party to any such waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written instrument executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on behalf of such Party. 
 13.5	Notices . All notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder must be in writing to be effective and shall be deemed duly given (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, (b) on the date of delivery if sent by e-mail, provided that any e-mail sent after 5:00 p.m. on a Business Day or at any time on any day which is not a Business Day, in each case for 
 74 
 
 281923888 v10 

the recipient, shall be deemed to have been sent on the next Business Day for such recipient, (c) on the first Business Day following the date of dispatch if delivered utilizing a next-day service by a recognized next-day courier or (d) on the earlier of confirmed receipt or the fifth Business Day following the date of mailing if delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices hereunder shall be delivered to the addresses set forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the Party to receive such notice: 
 If to Ono, to:	Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 
 8-2, Kyutaromachi 1-chome, Chuo-ku 
 Osaka 541-8564, Japan 
 Attention: Executive Director, Corporate Development and 
 Strategy; Senior Director, Legal Department 
 Email: [ ] 
 With a copy (which shall not be required to constitute valid notice) to: 
 Morrison Foerster LLP 
 Shin-Marunouchi Building, 29th Floor 
 5-1, Marunouchi 1-Chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-6529 
 Japan 
 Attention: [ ] 
 Email: [ ] 
 If to Equillium, to:	Equillium, Inc. 
 2223 Avenida de la Playa, Suite 105 
 La Jolla, CA 92037 
 USA 
 Attention: Bruce Steel 
 Email: [ ] 
 With a copy (which shall not be required to constitute valid notice) to: 
 Cooley LLP 
 10265 Science Center Drive 
 San Diego, CA 92121 
 USA 
 Attention: [ ] 
 Email: [ ] 
 13.6	Interpretation . When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Section, Article, Exhibit, Appendix or Schedule such reference shall be to a Section, Article, Exhibit, Appendix or Schedule of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement or in any Exhibit, Appendix or Schedule are for convenience of reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. References to this Agreement or to any other document is a reference to such document as varied, amended, modified, novated or supplemented from time to time. All words 
 75 
 
 281923888 v10 

used in this Agreement will be construed to be of such gender or number as the circumstances require. Any capitalized terms used in any Exhibit, Appendix or Schedule but not otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning as defined in this Agreement. All Exhibits, Appendices and Schedules annexed hereto or referred to herein are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set forth herein. The word including and words of similar import when used in this Agreement will mean including, without limitation, unless otherwise specified. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision in this Agreement. The term or is not exclusive. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. References to days mean calendar days unless otherwise specified. References to dollars , or US refer to United States dollars. References to JPY or refer to Japanese Yen. 
 13.7	Entire Agreement . This Agreement (including the Exhibits, Appendices and Schedules hereto, including the Disclosure Schedules and the Updated Disclosure Schedules) and the other Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior written agreements, arrangements, communications and understandings and all prior and contemporaneous oral agreements, arrangements, communications and understandings between the Parties, with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. Notwithstanding any oral agreement or course of conduct of the Parties or their Representatives to the contrary, neither Party shall be under any legal obligation to enter into or complete the transactions contemplated hereby unless and until this Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by each Party. 
 13.8	No Third-Party Beneficiaries . Except as provided in Article 11, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any Person other than the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 13.9	Governing Law . This Agreement and all disputes or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles or the laws of any other jurisdiction that might be applied because of the conflicts of laws principles of the State of Delaware. 
 13.10	Arbitration . 
 (a)	 Any and all disputes and controversies arising out of, relating to or in connection with this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents (unless the relevant Transaction Document in dispute or controversy stipulates otherwise) or the Transaction (each, a Dispute shall be finally settled by arbitration by a tribunal of three arbitrators under the ICC Rules of Arbitration in effect at the time of the arbitration (the ICC Rules in accordance with the following terms and conditions: 
 (i)	 In the event of any conflict between the ICC Rules and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 
 76 
 
 281923888 v10 

(ii)	 In the event that any Party asserts that there exists a Dispute, such Party shall deliver a written notice to the other Party specifying the nature of the asserted Dispute and requesting a meeting to attempt to resolve the same. If no such resolution is reached within 30 days after the delivery of such notice, either Party may commence arbitration hereunder by delivering to the other Party a request for arbitration, which shall specify (A) the matters as to which arbitration is sought, (B) the nature of any Dispute, (C) the claims of the disputing Party, (D) the amount and nature of any Losses, if any, sought to be recovered as a result of an alleged claim and (E) any other matters required by the ICC Rules then in force. 
 (iii)	 Any dispute concerning the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate or the propriety of commencing arbitration shall be determined by the arbitral tribunal. 
 (iv)	 The arbitration seat, or legal place of arbitration, shall be New York, New York, and the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
 (v)	 The Parties agree to keep confidential the existence and contents of the arbitration, the arbitral proceedings, the submissions made by the Parties and the decisions made by the arbitral tribunal, except as may be necessary to prepare for or conduct the arbitration, as may be necessary in connection with a court application for a preliminary remedy or a judicial challenge to an arbitral award or its enforcement, or as required by applicable Law. 
 (vi)	 Ono and Equillium shall each have the right to nominate one arbitrator, and the two party-nominated arbitrators shall nominate the third arbitrator, who shall serve as President of the tribunal, [ ] of the second arbitrator s appointment. 
 (vii)	 The arbitrators shall apply the substantive Law set forth in Section 13.9 without reference to conflicts of law principles. 
 (viii)	 The arbitrators shall have the power to grant any remedy or relief that they deem just and equitable and that is in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, including specific performance, and including injunctive relief, whether interim or final, and any such relief and any interim, provisional or conservatory measure ordered by the arbitrators may be specifically enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. Each Party retains the right to seek interim, provisional or conservatory measures from judicial authorities, and any such request shall not be deemed incompatible with the agreement to arbitrate or a waiver of the right to arbitrate. 
 (ix)	 The award of the arbitrators shall be final and binding on the Parties and there shall be no appeal from or reexamination of the arbitrators award, except to correct manifest clerical errors. 
 (x)	 The award of the arbitrators may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction and may be executed against the losing Party and its assets in any competent jurisdiction. 
 (b)	 Except for arbitration proceedings pursuant to this Section 13.10, no action, suit or other proceeding (other than the enforcement of an arbitration decision, an action to compel arbitration or an application for interim, provisional or conservatory measures in connection with 
 77 
 
 281923888 v10 

the arbitration) shall be brought by or between the Parties in connection with any matter arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or the Transaction. 
 (c)	 Each Party hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, the City of New York, in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding permitted by Section 13.10(b), and agrees that any such action, suit or proceeding may be brought in such court; provided, that such consent to jurisdiction is solely for the purpose referred to in this Section 13.10(c) and shall not be deemed to be a general submission to jurisdiction other than for such purpose. Each Party hereby irrevocably waives defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding. 
 13.11	Enforcement . The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, except in respect of Section 3.7(b), each Party shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, including an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement, this being in addition to any other remedy to which such Party is entitled at law or in equity. Except in respect of Section 3.7(b), each Party hereby further waives (a) any defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate and (b) any requirement under any law to post security as a prerequisite to obtaining equitable relief. 
 13.12	Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 
 13.13	Assignment; Successors . 
 (a)	 Subject to Sections 13.13(b) and (c), neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement may be assigned, in whole or in part, by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, and any such assignment without such prior written consent shall be null and void. This Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 (b)	 As a condition to and effective simultaneously with an Equillium Change of Control, Equillium shall assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations under this Agreement to the counterparty of such Equillium Change of Control, provided that (i) such assignment shall not enlarge, alter or change any obligation of Ono due to the assignee, and (ii) promptly following such Equillium Change of Control, such assignee confirms in writing to Ono that upon such Equillium Change of Control, it has assumed and is bound as Equillium under this Agreement and any other applicable Transaction Document. 
 (c)	 Ono may assign (i) this Agreement or its rights to purchase any of the Purchased Assets under this Agreement to any one or more of its Affiliates or (ii) this Agreement to the buyer upon the closing of a Sale of the Business, in each case without the prior consent of Equillium, provided that (A) such assignment does not enlarge, alter or change any obligation of Equillium due to the assignee, (B) Ono complies with Section 3.7(e) to the extent applicable and 
 78 
 
 281923888 v10 

(C) promptly following such assignment, such assignee confirms in writing to Equillium that upon such assignment, it has assumed and is bound as Ono under this Agreement and any other applicable Transaction Document (in the case of an assignment of any rights under this Agreement, to the extent applicable in respect of such rights). 
 13.14	Severability . Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable Law, but if any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable Law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and this Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had never been contained herein. 
 13.15	Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which will constitute an original and all of which, when taken together, will constitute one agreement. This Agreement may be executed by .PDF or by other means of electronic signature (including DocuSign), and the exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by electronic means in .PDF format shall in each case create a valid and binding obligation of the Party executing the same. 
 13.16	No Presumption Against Drafting Party . Each Party acknowledges that it has been represented by legal counsel in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any claimed ambiguities in this Agreement against the drafting Party has no application and is expressly waived. 

79 
 
 281923888 v10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Ono and Equillium have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized. 
 ONO PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD. 
 By: /s/ Gyo Sagara 	 
 Name: Gyo Sagara 
 Title: President, Representative Director and CEO 
 
 EQUILLIUM, INC. 
 By: /s/ Bruce Steel 	 
 Name: Bruce Steel 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

82 . 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Compound [ ] 

83 . 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 Program Patents 
 
 [ ] 

84 . 

EXHIBIT C 
 
 Development Plan 
 [ ] 

1 . 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 eq-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF EQUILLIUM, INC. 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Equillium AUS Pty Ltd. 
 
 Australia 

Bioniz Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Triumph Acquisition Sub, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Equillium Acquisition Sub, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Triumph Merger Sub, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 eq-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors Equillium, Inc.: 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-254656, 333-230536, 333-227859, 333-263790, 333-237407, and 333-269154) on Form S-8, and (No. 333-269153) on Form S-3 of our report dated March 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Equillium, Inc. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 San Diego, California March 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 eq-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bruce D. Steel, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Equillium, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 23, 2023 

/s/ Bruce D. Steel 

Bruce D. Steel 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 eq-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jason A. Keyes, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Equillium, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 23, 2023 

/s/ Jason A. Keyes 

Jason A. Keyes 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 eq-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, each of the undersigned hereby certifies in his capacity as an officer of Equillium, Inc. (the Company ), that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 (1) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Bruce D. Steel 

Bruce D. Steel 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 23, 2023 

/s/ Jason A. Keyes 

Jason A. Keyes 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 23, 2023 

This certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Equillium, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 24
 eq-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 25
 eq-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 26
 eq-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 27
 eq-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 28
 eq-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

