<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1751143_0001213900-23-020359.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6485920</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>382781</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1480083</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1450153</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1502041</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1463913</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-020359.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315172231
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-020359
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221230
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ATLAS TECHNICAL CONSULTANTS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001751143
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				830808563
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1230

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38745
		FILM NUMBER:		23736233

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13215 BEE CAVE PARKWAY, BUILDING B
		STREET 2:		SUITE 230
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(512) 851-1501

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13215 BEE CAVE PARKWAY, BUILDING B
		STREET 2:		SUITE 230
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Boxwood Merger Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180824

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-020359.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_atlastechnical.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure
of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of
the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last
sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter was . 

As of March 13, 2023, 
shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of the registrant s Class
B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

ATLAS TECHNICAL CONSULTANTS, INC. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 13 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 32 

PART II 
 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
 CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 46 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 46 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
 AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 46 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 46 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 47 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
 INSPECTIONS 
 47 

PART III 
 
 48 
 
 ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 48 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 57 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
 AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 65 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 66 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 72 

PART IV 
 
 74 
 
 ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 74 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 77 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The statements contained in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies
regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or
circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their
potential effects on us. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements
described under the heading Risk Factors included elsewhere in this report. There can be no assurance that future developments
affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some
of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 

the
adequacy of our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks and threats, especially with employees working remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic; 

our
ability to raise financing in the future; 

our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger
(as defined below); 

our
success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors; 

our
officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business, as a
result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

changes
adversely affecting the business in which we are engaged; 

the
risks associated with cyclical demand for our services and vulnerability to industry, regional and national downturns; 

fluctuations
in our revenue and operating results; 

unfavorable
conditions or further disruptions in the capital and credit markets; 

our
ability to generate cash, service indebtedness and incur additional indebtedness; 

competition
from existing and new competitors; 

our
ability to integrate any businesses we acquire and achieve projected synergies; 

our
failure to maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; 

risks
related to legal proceedings or claims, including liability claims; 

our
dependence on third-party contractors to provide various services; 

ii 

our
ability to obtain additional capital on commercially reasonable terms to fund acquisitions, expansions and our working capital needs
and our ability to obtain debt or equity financing on satisfactory terms; 

safety
and environmental requirements and other governmental regulations that may subject us to unanticipated costs and/or liabilities; 

our
contracts with governmental agencies are subject to audit, which could result in adjustments to reimbursable contract costs or, if we
are charged with wrongdoing, possible temporary or permanent suspension from participating in government programs; 

general
economic conditions and demand for our services; and 

our
ability to fulfill our public company obligations. 

Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, they could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they were made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. You should not
take any statement regarding past trends or activities as a representation that the trends or activities will continue in the future.
Accordingly, you should not put undue reliance on these statements. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
includes market share data, industry data and forecasts that we obtained from internal company surveys (including estimates based on
our knowledge and experience in the industry in which we operate), market research, consultant surveys, publicly available information,
industry publications and surveys. These sources include, but are not limited to, IBISWorld, FMI, Engineering News Record and the American
Society of Civil Engineers. Industry surveys and publications, consultant surveys and forecasts generally state that the information
contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. Although we believe such information is accurate and reliable,
we have not independently verified any of the data from third-party sources cited or used for our management s industry estimates,
nor have we ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. Statements as to our position relative to our competitors
or as to markets in which we operate refer to the most recent available data. 

iii 

Risk Factor Summary 

Our business is subject to significant
risks and uncertainties of which you should be aware before making an investment decision in our business. Below is a bulleted summary
of our principal risk factors, however this list does not fully represent all of our known risk factors. You should take time to carefully
review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors (See Item 1A. Risk Factors). 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 

Outbreaks
 of diseases, including the COVID-19 global pandemic, have had an adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, and our results of operations. 

We
 may not achieve synergies and cost savings in connection with prior or future acquisitions. 

Our
 continued success is dependent on hiring and retaining qualified personnel. 

Our
 profitability may suffer if we fail to maintain adequate utilization of our workforce. 

Our
 business operations and financial results may be adversely affected if we fail to successfully
 deliver our growth strategy. 

Failure
 to maintain a safe work site could expose us to significant financial losses and reputational
 harm along with civil and criminal liabilities. 

Demand
 from clients is cyclical and vulnerable to economic downturns, thus a weakened economy may
 adversely impact our financial results. 

Our
 results of operations depend on new contracts and the timing of the performance of these
 contracts. 

Our
 backlog is not necessarily indicative of our future revenues or earnings. 

Our
 clients failing to timely pay amounts owed to us could adversely impact our business operations
 and financial results. 

Our
 services expose us to significant risks of liability, and our insurance policies may not
 provide adequate coverage. 

Unavailability
 or cancellation of third-party insurance coverage would increase our overall risk exposure
 and disrupt the management of our business operations. 

Catastrophic
 events may adversely impact our business operations. 

We
 engage in a highly competitive business and may lose market share, which would adversely
 impact our business operations. 

The
 nature of our contracts subject us to risks of cost overruns, which could lead to reduced
 profits or, in some cases, losses. 

Any
 disruption in government funding could adversely affect our business. 

Governmental
 agencies may modify or terminate our contracts at any time prior to completion and failure
 to replace them may result in a decline in revenue. 

Failure
 to comply with a variety of complex procurement rules and regulations could damage our reputation
 and result in our being liable for penalties. 

We
 are dependent on third parties to complete certain elements of our contracts. 

iv 

We
 may be precluded from providing certain services due to conflicts of interest. 

Failure
 to maintain an effective system of internal control may affect our ability to accurately
 report our financial results. 

An
 impairment charge on our goodwill could have a material adverse impact on our financial position
 and results of operations. 

Rising
 inflation, interest rates and/or construction costs could reduce the demand for our services
 as well as decrease our profit on existing contracts. 

We
 are subject to professional standards, duties and statutory obligations, all of which could
 expose us to liability and monetary damages. 

If
 we fail to meet timing or performance standards on a project, we may incur a loss on that
 project, which would reduce our overall profitability. 

The
 outcome of pending and future litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Judicial
 determinations in favor of limiting the ability of public agencies to contract with private
 firms to perform government employee functions could have an adverse impact on our ability
 to compete for contracts and thus our financial results. 

Our
 actual business and financial results could differ from the estimates and assumptions that
 we use to prepare our financial statements, which may significantly reduce or eliminate our
 profits. 

Our
 credit agreements contain a number of restrictive covenants which could limit our ability
 to finance operations, acquisitions or capital needs or engage in other business activities
 that may be in our interest. 

Variable
 rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations
 to increase significantly. 

We
 and our clients are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that
 may require substantial costs to comply with and may expose us to significant penalties,
 damages or costs of remediation. Changes in such laws or regulations could also directly
 or indirectly reduce the demand for our services or make our operations more costly. 

Changes
 in natural resource management or infrastructure industry laws could reduce the demand for
 our services or make our operations more costly, which could in turn adversely impact our
 revenue. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
 quarterly results may fluctuate significantly, which could have a materially adverse effect
 on the price of our common stock. 

As
 an emerging growth company, we are subject to reduced disclosure requirements
 which could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

To
 the extent that shares of Class A common stock are issued, the number of shares eligible
 for resale in the public market will increase. 

If
 we issue additional equity securities, our existing stockholders may experience dilution,
 such new securities may have rights senior to those of our common stock, and the market price
 of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

Provisions
 in our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may have
 the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

v 

Provisions
 in our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation may inhibit a takeover of
 us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common
 stock. 

Concentration
 of ownership of our common stock among certain large stockholders may prevent new investors
 from influencing significant corporate decisions or adversely affect the trading price of
 our common stock. 

The
 market price of our common stock may be affected by low trading volume. 

If
 securities or industry analysts adversely change their recommendations regarding our common
 stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline. 

There
 can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of
 NASDAQ. 

General Risk Factors 

Negative
 conditions in the credit and financial markets could result in liquidity problems, or increase our borrowing costs. 

Cybersecurity
 breaches of our systems could adversely impact our ability to operate. 

Failure
 to comply with federal, state, and local governmental requirements could adversely affect our business. 

Changes
 in tax laws could increase our tax rate and materially affect our results of operations. 

vi 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Headquartered in Austin, Texas,
we are an infrastructure and environmental solutions company and a provider of professional testing, inspection, engineering, environmental,
program management and consulting services, offering solutions to public and private sector clients in the transportation, commercial,
water, government, education, industrial, healthcare and power markets. 

With approximately 126 offices
located throughout the United States, we provide a broad range of mission-critical technical services, helping our clients test,
inspect, plan, design, certify and manage a wide variety of projects across diverse end markets. 

We act as a trusted advisor
to our clients, helping our clients design, engineer, inspect, manage and maintain civil and commercial infrastructure, servicing existing
structures as well as helping to build new structures. However, we do not perform any construction and do not take any direct construction
risk. 

Our services range from
providing inspection services in small projects to managing significant aspects of large, multi-year projects. For the year ended
December 30, 2022, we: 

performed
 approximately 40,500 projects; and 

delivered
 approximately 90 of our revenue under time materials and cost-plus contracts. 

We have long-term relationships
with a diverse set of clients, providing a base of repeating clients, projects and revenues. Approximately 90 of our revenues were derived
from clients that have used our services at least twice in the past three years and more than 95 of our revenues were generated from
client relationships longer than ten years, with greater than 25 of revenues generated from relationships longer than thirty years.
Examples of such long-term customers include the Texas and Georgia Departments of Transportation, U.S. Postal Service, Gwinnett
County Georgia, New York City Housing Authority, Stanford University, Port of Oakland, United Rentals, Inc., Speedway (7-Eleven),
Walmart Inc., Caltrans, Sound Transit, Phillips 66 and Google. 

Our services require a high
degree of technical expertise, as our clients rely on us to provide testing, inspection and quality assurance services to ensure that
structures are designed, engineered, built and maintained in accordance with building codes, regulations and the highest safety standards.
As such, our services are delivered by a highly-skilled, technical employee base that includes engineers, inspectors, scientists and
other field experts. As of December 30, 2022, our technical staff represented nearly 85 of our approximately 3,450 employees. Our services
are typically provided under contracts, some of which are long-term with long lead times between when contracts are signed and when
our services are performed. As such, we have a significant amount of contracted backlog, providing for a high degree of visibility with
respect to revenues expected to be generated from such backlog. As of December 30, 2022, our contracted backlog was estimated to be approximately
 877 million. See Backlog below for additional information relating to our backlog. 

For the year ended December
30, 2022, we recognized approximately 604.8 million of gross revenues, 8.1) million of net loss, and 87.2 million of adjusted
EBITDA (non-GAAP). See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net loss. 

1 

Company History 

Since our inception, we
have strategically strengthened our capabilities and widened our footprint through organic growth and acquisitions of premier national
and large regional technical service companies to create an industry-leading platform. Prior to the consummation of the Atlas Business
Combination (as defined in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Overview ), in 2017, we sequentially acquired three regional market leaders in each of Texas (PAVETEX Engineering LLC), Georgia
(Moreland Altobelli Associates, LLC), and California (Consolidated Engineering Laboratories ). These businesses established our core
services and capabilities. In 2018, we further augmented our core services and regional leadership through the acquisitions of Piedmont
Geotechnical Consultants (Georgia) and SCST, Inc. (California). In January 2019, we acquired ATC Group Services LLC, an environmental
and engineering consulting services company with over 1,700 employees across North America. In the year ended December 31, 2020, we acquired
(i) Long Engineering LLC LONG ), a land surveying and engineering company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia; (ii) Alta
Vista Solutions Alta Vista ), a key provider of transportation-related testing and inspection services headquartered in
Oakland, California; and (iii) WesTest LLC WesTest ), a key provider of transportation-related testing and inspection services
headquartered in Lakewood, Colorado. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we acquired (i) Atlantic Engineering Laboratories, Inc. and
Atlantic Engineering Laboratories of New York, Inc. AEL ), a full-service materials testing and inspection firm providing
on-site quality control and quality assurance services in New York and New Jersey and (ii) O Neill Services Group O Neill ),
a quality assurance and environmental services firm that services clients throughout the Pacific Northwest. In the year ended December
30, 2022, we acquired (1) TranSmart Technologies Inc. TranSmart which specializes in Intelligent Transportation Systems
(ITS) and engineering for transportation agencies and customers throughout the Midwest and (ii) 1 Alliance Geomatics, LLC 1 Alliance ),
a provider of geospatial services to transportation and water resources clients from its four offices within the Pacific Northwest. As
a result of these acquisitions of key providers of technical services, we continue to expand our national platform. 

Prior to February 14, 2020,
Boxwood was a special purpose acquisition company incorporated in Delaware on June 28, 2017. On February 14, 2020, the Company
consummated the Atlas Business Combination pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. Following the consummation of the Atlas Business Combination,
the combined company is organized in an Up-C structure in which the business of Atlas Intermediate Holdings LLC Atlas
Intermediate and its subsidiaries is held by Atlas TC Holdings LLC Holdings and will continue to operate through
the subsidiaries of Atlas Intermediate, and in which the Company s only direct assets will consist of Holdings Units. The Company
is the sole manager of Holdings in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Holdings
(the Holdings LLC Agreement entered into in connection with the consummation of the Atlas Business Combination. 

On January 30, 2023, the
Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with GI Apple Midco LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company Parent and GI Apple Merger Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary
of Parent Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company (the Merger ),
with the Company continuing as the surviving company in the Merger. Parent and Merger Sub are controlled by investment funds advised
by GI Manager L.P. GI Partners ). 

The Company s board
of directors (the Board has unanimously determined that the Merger Agreement is in the best interests of the Company and
its stockholders, and declared it advisable, to enter into the Merger Agreement and consummate the Merger, approved and declared advisable
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, directed that the adoption of the Merger Agreement
be submitted for consideration by the Company s stockholders at a meeting thereof and resolved to recommend that the Company s
stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement. 

Our Core Values 

We strive to be the most sought-after
infrastructure and environmental solutions provider, known for our unique values-driven approach and brought to life by the industry s
most exceptional people. 

At Atlas, we apply the following
core values in all that we do: 

Life
 We enhance quality of life. We value people and safety above all else. 

Heart
 As our hallmarks, we act with compassion, empathy and respect. 

Trust
 We work together as partners, doing what we say with full accountability. 

Mastery
 Always striving for the highest quality, we ensure greatness inspires all our work. 

2 

Focus on Sustainability and the Environment 

As an infrastructure and
environmental solutions provider, we are committed to applying our expertise and values to help our clients improve sustainable infrastructure
and ensure a safe and healthy environment through the services we provide. We aim to assist our clients in the effective management of
their environmental risks, including those related to climate change, while also minimizing our own environmental footprint. 

Through our transportation
and infrastructure services, we are committed to the continuous evaluation of opportunities and implementation of solutions to maximize
energy efficiency, renewable energy and low-carbon technologies where appropriate. Additionally, we aim to help our clients manage and
respond to climate-related impacts through our disaster response and recovery services, while also contributing to community resiliency
through our engineering and design services. 

Industry Overview 

We operate within the broader
U.S. infrastructure services market, providing a diversified set of technical services to a variety of end markets. Services include,
but are not limited to, testing, inspection and certification, environmental services, engineering and design and program management,
construction management and quality management. The relevant addressable market for U.S. infrastructure and construction testing, inspection
and certification TIC and environmental consulting is an estimated 30 billion and growing. Our clients and projects
vary in size and scope and come from all sectors including U.S. federal, state, municipal and local governments, quasi-public and
private clients from the education, healthcare and utilities industries, and large multinational corporations and others. 

Historically, the infrastructure
and construction, TIC and environmental consulting industry have exhibited growth corresponding with market tailwinds, including heightened
expenditure on public infrastructure, increasing complexity of regulatory requirements, aging transportation, water and utility systems
and growing outsourcing trends among public agencies and private entities. In addition to market tailwinds, the industry has additional
growth potential as TIC and quality assurance continue to increase as a percentage of overall construction value. 

The following key market tailwinds
are expected to drive future demand for U.S. infrastructure and construction TIC and environmental consulting: 

Aging
 infrastructure . The majority of U.S. transportation, water and utility networks are over 50 years old, requiring
 an estimated 5.9 trillion of spending through 2029. Roughly 43 of public roadways in the United States are in poor or mediocre
 condition, 7.5 of bridges are structurally deficient (and over 94,000 additional bridges nationwide have inadequate clearances or
 approaches), 70 of all dams will be over 50 years old by 2030 and the majority of the U.S. electric grid was built in the mid-20 th century,
 with an intended lifespan of 50 years. 

Shift
 towards outsourcing . Private and public entities are increasingly outsourcing construction and environmental services
 in an effort to reduce costs, decrease staffing levels, provide specialized solutions and avoid non-compliance. Approximately 40 
 of testing and inspection services are outsourced, with the overall market for these services growing at approximately 8 year-over-year. 

Increased
 public spending . Over the past several years, the U.S. Congress has passed
 legislation aimed at increasing transportation infrastructure spend in key markets. For example,
 the Fixing America s Surface Transportation Act (the FAST Act ), passed
 in 2015, will continue to provide near-term funding support, as the Highway Trust Fund
 has enough funding to cover large outlays through 2021. Approximately 3.5 trillion in infrastructure
 funding has been approved through 2029, with approximately 1.37 trillion of that total allocated
 to surface transportation. 
 
 Additionally, President Biden signed the Infrastructure
 Investment and Jobs Act into law on November 15, 2021, which aims to revamp transportation, utilities and broadband. Included
 in the law is 550 billion of spending over the next five years with emphasis on roads, bridges, other major transportation projects,
 passenger and freight rail, public transit, airports and improvements to state and local water quality. 

Expanding
 state local transportation spend . Combined state and local spending for transportation infrastructure increased
 from 260 billion in 2014 to a projected 300 billion in 2021 and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate
 CAGR of approximately 4 through 2023. The top three states in projected transportation infrastructure spend for
 2021, California, New York and Texas, account for approximately 33 of all state and local spending nationwide and represents
 markets where the Company has a presence. 

Rising Environmental
 Expenditures . Health, safety and environmental HSE regulations have generally become increasingly
 stringent and complex over time amid heightened awareness of environmental issues by regulatory bodies and consumers. U.S. environmental
 consulting expenditures are expected to increase from 31 billion in 2020 to 41 billion in 2026. On a major infrastructure
 project, our services can range between 3-7 of the total project s cost. 

3 

End Markets 

The end markets we serve are
characterized by various public and private clients that are faced with deteriorating asset conditions, outdated systems and expanding
regulations. We operate across the entire built environment for a variety of end markets including, but not limited to, transportation,
commercial, education, industrial, environmental, water, healthcare and power. Each of these end markets are experiencing tailwinds that
drive ongoing maintenance and capital investment. 

Transportation . The
U.S. transportation market has experienced broad increases in federal funding for U.S. Department of Transportation initiatives. Additionally,
there is a renewed focus by the current U.S. presidential administration on infrastructure investment and a growing number of government
projects focused on roads, bridges and airports. The current installed transportation base is aging and both public and private entities
are increasingly outsourcing testing, inspection and program management services for their assets. At the state level, our presence in
Georgia, Texas, California and New York positions us to capitalize on the potential increase in infrastructure funding in these states,
as these states in particular have historically demonstrated higher than average investment in transportation infrastructure. Illustrative
projects in the transportation market include airports, bridges, tollways, railways, highways, waterways, ports, tunnels, pedestrian
routes and others. 

Commercial . Asset
operators are faced with increasing complexity of, and scrutiny around, regulatory requirements, which is driving demand for turnkey
solutions and the professionalization of maintenance services. Additionally, corporations are increasing investment in information technology
and smart-building features, frequently undergoing corporate relocations, and exhibiting a need for bespoke and unique facilities.
The increase in outdated facilities alongside new technological and logistical needs has driven additional spend for warehouse and distribution
facilities, as well as development spend across sports, recreation and stadiums. Illustrative projects in the commercial market include
healthcare facilities, offices, multi-family properties, retail outlets, data centers, corporate headquarters, parking structures
and religious facilities. 

Education . Population
growth and increasing access to education is driving enrollments and creating a need for new and updated facilities. Academic institutions
are placing a growing focus on environmental impacts and sustainability as seen through the implementation of smart- and green-building technologies.
Illustrative projects in the education market include colleges, universities, K-12 facilities, service academies, stadiums, athletic
facilities, research facilities and theatres. 

Industrial and Environmental .
 New quality, health, safety and environmental regulations are driving demand for compliance systems and services in industrial businesses.
Extreme weather requires services such as hurricane, storm and flood clean-up efforts as seen in the Carolinas, Florida and Texas.
Illustrative projects in the industrial and environmental markets include manufacturing, refineries, agricultural, utilities, petrochemicals,
nuclear, midstream, disaster response and mitigation, and pulp and paper. 

Water . Broadening
stress on the U.S. water network from outdated systems, population growth and extreme weather patterns has resulted in systems that are
approaching the end of their useful lives. The aging water infrastructure must also be renovated to meet expanding government regulations
and energy-efficiency standards. Illustrative projects in the water market include dams, levees, recycling facilities, drinking
water, storage, inland waterways, wastewater and treatment plants. 

Government. Over
time, municipalities, local, state and federal governments are increasingly tasked with the mandate to operate on leaner, more efficient
budgets. We understand the many challenges associated with development, transportation and land-use for the government sector and we
use our in-depth knowledge of social, political, and economic conditions to deliver sustainable projects to the communities that we serve.
We partner with our clients and stakeholders to support the cost-effective use of public funds and deliver better public infrastructure
projects from concept to completion. Illustrative projects include program, construction and quality management projects for county,
state and federal governments, disaster relief coordination and engineering and design of roadways and bridges. 

Healthcare . From
acute care hospitals to alcohol and drug treatment units, we provide services to assist our clients compliance with the Joint
Commission Environment of Care, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), and other applicable regulatory standards. Our nationwide
network enables us to mobilize quickly, often avoiding disruption to our clients staff and patient populations. Illustrative projects
include asset tagging, compliance assessment and permitting, construction materials testing, and site assessments. 

Power. Whether
our clients are considering new generation development, movement away from unregulated markets with renewed investment in regulated transmission
and distribution, or retirement of older, less efficient generating assets, we understand the complexities of grid improvement and expansion
projects and are poised to provide services such as siting and corridor studies, permitting, and real estate/right-of-way acquisition
support. We assist our clients in determining where to add capacity, plan for construction, or build a new power plant, solar array,
or wind turbine field. After construction, we are positioned to support the long-term safe and regulatory compliant operation of power
assets. Illustrative projects include renewable development support services, environmental services, compliance assessment and permitting
and construction management. 

4 

Service Lines 

Testing, Inspection and Certification TIC 

Any time a structure in the
built environment is designed, built, repaired, refurbished or sold, our clients require critical path services to ensure infrastructure
compliance, quality and integrity. We offer a comprehensive suite of TIC services to support a vast array of assets across different
types, stages of life and end markets. In 2022, our TIC services represented approximately 32 of our revenues. 

Illustrative services include: 

construction
 materials testing, including product evaluations and factory quality control services; 

non-destructive
 testing and evaluations, materials testing and inspection, laboratory services and geophysics; 

construction
 quality assurance, including quality plan development, construction engineering and inspection, and source and field inspections; 

owner
 verification inspection (OVTI); 

forensic
 structural investigations; and 

materials
 laboratory services. 

Environmental Services 

Safeguarding the environment
requires proactively providing sustainable solutions while understanding and assisting our clients in complying with current regulatory
demands. We utilize our technical staff, specialized equipment, and long-term relationships to manage a broad range of our clients 
environmental needs and assist our clients in overcoming environmental and regulatory challenges across a wide range of industries. By
integrating environmental management into our clients business plans and goals, we endeavor to assist them in reducing potential
crisis management costs and liabilities, thereby allowing them to focus on their core competencies and improve the health and livability
of their communities. We provide comprehensive solutions to our clients most challenging ecological issues. Through our highly
trained team of engineers, geologists, hydrogeologists, archaeologists, inspectors and other specialty environmental professionals, we
have the capability to manage every aspect of a project s environmental needs. In 2022, environmental services represented roughly
38 of our revenues. 

Illustrative services include: 

environmental
 permitting, compliance assistance, auditing and compliance management system implementation; 

air
 quality; 

water,
 hazardous material permitting and registration; 

underground
 storage tank management; 

leak
 detection and repair (LDAR) program management; 

water
 resource management; 

industrial
 hygiene and building science services; and 

disaster
 response and recovery. 

5 

Engineering and Design E D 

We offer a full-service suite
of civil, transportation, structural and architectural solutions for clients ranging from private developers to large federal agencies.
We utilize our specialized expertise across a variety of disciplines to offer technical and project management solutions in order to
assist clients in meeting their most demanding, large-scale challenges. 

Our service offerings in E D
rest upon a foundation of years of experience in the design of a broad range of transportation and civil infrastructure projects, strong
lines of communication, qualified planning and design professionals, and meticulous quality control measures throughout all stages of
a project s development. Our practice of knowledge-sharing among team members promotes continuous improvement of operations and
is intended to provide maximum value for the client and reduce the likelihood of unforeseen problems during construction. Our E D
business has likewise been involved in supporting transportation and infrastructure work. In 2022, E D represented 15 of our revenues. 

Illustrative services include: 

civil
 site, transportation and geotechnical engineering; 

hydrogeology; 

water/wastewater; 

solid
 waste/landfill; 

land
 acquisition services; 

subsurface
 utility engineering (SUE); 

surveying
 mapping; and 

geographic
 information system (GIS) asset inventory assessments. 

Program Management/Construction Management/Quality
Management PCQM . 

We provide public and private
sector clients with comprehensive support in managing large-scale improvement programs. We believe in a strong work ethic of transparency
and collaboration between all parties involved and are uniquely connected to the communities we serve. 

Our program management experience
spans a broad spectrum of industries including hospitality, healthcare, education, industrial and municipal projects throughout the United
States for both public and private sector clients. We are involved with projects totaling more than 2 billion of in-place construction,
and we manage large and small-scale facility improvement programs and multi-year local option sales tax programs and provide comprehensive
program support. We work hand-in-hand with governments and institutions during each stage of a capital improvement program. In 2022,
our PCQM service offerings made up roughly 15 of our revenues. 

Illustrative services include: 

programmatic
 planning phasing; 

contract
 document preparation; 

bid
 evaluation award analysis; 

alternative/value
 engineering; 

6 

project
 estimating scheduling; 

project
 cost/schedule control; 

contract
 administration; 

project
 management; 

community
 relations/affairs; 

asset
 management; 

construction
 management services; 

quality
 management and assurance; and 

construction
 engineering inspection (CEI). 

Key Clients and Projects 

We currently serve over 10,000
different clients annually. While our ten largest clients accounted for approximately 19 of our consolidated revenue during the fiscal
year ended December 30, 2022, no single client accounted for more than 10 during that period. Although we serve a highly diverse client
base, approximately 50 of our net revenues were attributable to public and quasi-public sector clients. In this regard, public
sector clients include U.S. federal, state and local government departments, agencies, systems and authorities, including Departments
of Transportation, educational systems and public housing authorities, while quasi-public sector clients include utility service
providers and energy producers. Of our private sector clients, our largest clients are commercial companies and contractors. Although
we anticipate public and quasi-public sector clients to represent the majority of our revenues for the foreseeable future, we intend
to continue expanding our service offerings to private sector clients. 

During our history in the testing
and inspection business, we have worked with such clients on such well-known projects as (in alphabetical order): 

Apple
 Campus II (Cupertino, California) 

Golden
 Gate Bridge (San Francisco, California) 

Ground
 Zero Recovery New York, New York 

Harbor
 Bridge (Corpus Christi, Texas) 

The
 Grand Waikikian by Hilton Honolulu, Hawaii 

Hurricane
 Katrina Recovery Louisiana 

Northwest
 Corridor Express Lanes Georgia 

Stanford
 University Hospital Stanford, California 

7 

Contracts 

We enter into contracts that
contain two principal types of pricing provisions: (1) time and materials/cost-reimbursable; and (2) fixed price. For the year
ended December 30, 2022, approximately 90 of our revenue was recognized from time and materials/cost-reimbursable contracts, with
approximately 10 from fixed price contracts. 

Cost-reimbursable contracts.
 Cost-reimbursable contracts consist of the following: 

Time 
 materials contracts are common for smaller scale professional and technical consulting and certification service projects.
 Under these types of contracts, there is no predetermined fee. Instead, we negotiate hourly billing rates and charge our clients
 based upon actual hours expended on a project. In addition, any direct project expenditures are passed through to the client and
 are typically reimbursed. These contracts may have an initial not-to-exceed or guaranteed maximum price provision. 

Cost-plus 
 contracts are the predominant contracting method used by U.S. federal, state and local governments. Under these types of contracts,
 we charge clients for our costs, including both direct and indirect costs, plus a negotiated fee. The estimated cost plus the negotiated
 fee represents the total contract value. 

Fixed price. Fixed price
contracts consist of the following: 

Fixed
 price contracts require us to either perform all of the work under the contract for a specified lump sum or to perform an estimated
 number of units of work at an agreed price per unit, with the total payment determined by the actual number of units performed. Fixed
 price contracts are subject to price adjustments if the scope of the project changes or unforeseen conditions arise. Fixed price
 contracts expose us to a number of risks not inherent in cost-plus and time materials contracts,
 including underestimation of costs, ambiguities in specifications, unforeseen costs or difficulties, problems with new technologies,
 delays beyond our control, failures of subcontractors to perform and economic or other changes that may occur during the contract
 period. Many of our fixed price contracts relate to small value services, such as individual unit or very small quantity testing
 or inspection. 

Revenues from engineering services
are recognized in accordance with the accrual basis of accounting. Revenues under cost-reimbursable contracts are recognized when
services are performed or over time. 

Backlog 

As of December 30, 2022,
we had 877 million of backlog, of which 526 million, or approximately 60 , is expected to be recognized over the next twelve months
and the majority of the balance over the next 24 months. 

We analyze our backlog, which
we define to include the total estimated future revenue streams associated with fully executed contracts as well as an estimate of highly
probable revenues from recurring, task order-based contracts. Our contracted backlog includes revenue we expect to record in the future
from signed contracts. In order to calculate backlog, we determine the amounts for contracted projects that are fully funded, and then
determine the respective revenues expected to be realized upon completion of work. We use backlog to evaluate Company revenue growth
as it typically follows growth in backlog. As backlog is not a defined accounting term, our computation of backlog may not be comparable
with that of our peers. In addition, project cancellations and scope adjustments may occur from time to time. For example, certain contracts
are terminable at the discretion of the client, with or without cause. These types of backlog reductions could adversely affect our revenue
and margins. Our backlog for the period beyond the next twelve months may be subject to variation from the prior year as existing
contracts are completed, delayed or renewed or new contracts are awarded, delayed or canceled. In addition, our contracts may contain
option periods which must be evaluated. Accordingly, our backlog as of any particular date is an uncertain indicator of future earnings. 

8 

Offices 

Our principal executive offices
are located at 13215 Bee Cave Parkway, Building B, Suite 230, Austin, Texas 78738, which we have leased through October 2024 with annual
lease terms of 0.4 million plus operating expenses over the life of the lease. We do not own any significant real property. We currently
operate out of approximately 126 leased locations. Our lease terms vary from month-to-month to multi-year commitments. We do not
consider any of these leased properties to be materially important to our overall operations. While we do believe it is necessary to
maintain offices through which our services are coordinated, we feel there are an ample number of available office rental properties
that could adequately serve our needs should we need to relocate or expand our operations. 

Atlas Geographic Footprint 

Human Capital Management 

At Atlas, our employees are
our assets; they are the very foundation of our success, the heart of our organization and the drivers of our future potential. As of
December 30, 2022, we had approximately 3,450 employees, approximately 91 of which were full-time employees and approximately 85 
of which represent technical staff with specialized expertise such as engineers, inspectors, scientists and other field experts. We consider
our employee relations to be good. 

Our employee attrition rate
for 2022 among all staff, part-time and full-time, was approximately 23 . To date, we have been able to locate and engage highly
qualified employees as needed and we do not expect our growth efforts to be constrained by a lack of qualified personnel. However,
our ability to attract, retain, engage and support a diverse and highly qualified workforce is important to our future success. As such,
we prioritize diversity within our employee population, proactively seek to foster a culture of inclusion throughout our organization,
and prioritize the health, safety and wellbeing of our employees. 

Focus on Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 

To achieve our vision we
seek to hire, develop, and promote a talented and diverse team of professionals nationwide. We believe leveraging the power of our different
backgrounds, beliefs, perspectives and capabilities creates value for our Company and our stockholders. 

At Atlas, we define diversity,
equity and inclusion as follows: 

Diversity
 is the presence of employees of different gender, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation,
 age, socio-economic status, and physical/mental abilities. 

Equity
 is the promotion of impartiality and fairness within procedures, processes, distribution
 of resources, and access to promotion and development. 

Inclusion
 is an ongoing commitment to ensure all Atlas employees experience a welcoming work
 environment that is devoid of discrimination and bias. 

9 

We formed the Atlas Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion Council (the DE I Council comprised of employee representatives from varying backgrounds, geographic
regions, functional groups and levels of seniority within our organization to focus on diversity, equity and inclusion strategy development,
initiative execution and measurement of outcomes. The DE I Council s work is streamlined into three targeted programs: Employee
Resources, Talent Training and Community Outreach. 

We also appointed Jamie
Myers as our Chief Diversity Officer and launched seven employee resource groups ERGs ), which are voluntary, employee-led
groups that strive to foster a diverse, inclusive workplace aligned with our core values. Our ERGs exist to provide support, career development
and networking opportunities as well as create a safe space where employees can be their authentic selves. Each ERG is open to all employees
and cross-collaboration across ERGs is encouraged. When we work together to foster an open, diverse workplace, mentoring and support
can engender inclusivity in our culture. 

Atlas Employee Resource Groups 

Employee Health, Safety and Wellbeing 

We prioritize the health,
safety and wellbeing of our employees in our business and operations. We are committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment
for our team and aim to reduce risks and hazards throughout all of our offices and operations. We are committed to mitigating risks by
providing health and safety training for all employees and communicating our health and safety practices throughout our business. We
also strive to comply with all applicable health and safety requirements and regulations at the local, state and national levels throughout
all operations and projects. 

At Atlas, we continuously emphasize
the three underlying principles of safety: 

Think
 Safe : make safety a thought before starting any activity or job; 

Work
 Safe : make safety a part of our culture; and 

Live
 Safe : make safety a lifestyle. 

The overall wellbeing, including
the mental health, of our employees is of utmost important to us. We provide an Employee Assistance Program free of charge to all employees,
through which a third-party provider offers confidential guidance for personal issues that employees may be facing, including substance
abuse, mental health, work, familial, financial and legal matters. 

Competition 

The U.S. infrastructure and
construction TIC and environmental consulting market is generally highly fragmented and competitive due to the breadth of services offered
and the technical complexity needed to meet increasingly stringent regulatory standards. 

10 

Industry participants compete
on the strength of client relationships, expertise in local markets, technical capabilities, reputation for quality of service and reliability,
and price. The ability to compete effectively also depends on employing highly skilled, qualified personnel to meet technical qualification
and staffing requirements. 

Barriers to entry in the industry
are created by the requirement for technical capabilities, a reputation for expertise and reliability and deep relationships with both
clients and prime contractors. Scale and breadth of service offerings can also be a barrier to entry for companies that do not have adequate
resources or capacity to complete complex and large-scale projects. Customers are increasingly emphasizing safe work practices by
placing a premium on limiting liability, creating an additional barrier to entry for those who cannot demonstrate a safety record at
or above industry standards. 

The firms operating in our industry
range from large, global companies with broad service offerings to small-scale providers that typically service regional markets
or offer specialized, niche services. Competitive dynamics in the industry are variable across end markets, localities, geographies and
types and scopes of services, among other factors. With respect to engineering and design, we view our principal competitors to be AECOM,
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., NV5 Global, Inc., Parsons Corporation, Stantec Inc., Tetra Tech, Inc. and WSP Global Inc. In the
area of testing and inspection, we view our principal competitors to be Applus Services, S.A., ALS Limited, Bureau Veritas S.A., Intertek
Group plc and SGS S.A. With respect to professional services, we view our principal competitors to be Accenture plc, Booz Allen Hamilton
Inc., CGI Inc., FTI Consulting, Inc., Huron Consulting Group Inc. and ICF International, Inc. In all of the aforementioned industries
there are also other small- and mid-sized regional players with whom we compete. Our ability to compete successfully depends upon
the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, the strength of our client relationships, our ability to accurately estimate costs, the quality
of the work we perform, our ability to hire and train qualified personnel and our ability to obtain insurance on commercially reasonable
terms. 

Information About Our Executive Officers 

This information appears
in Item 10 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Seasonality 

Due primarily to inclement weather
conditions, which lead to project delays and slower completion of contracts, and a greater number of holidays in the United States, our
operating results during the months of December, January and February are generally lower than our operating results during other months.
As a result, our revenue and net income for the first and fourth quarters of a fiscal year may be lower than our results for the second
and third quarters of a fiscal year. 

Insurance and Risk Management 

We maintain insurance covering
professional liability and claims involving bodily injury and property damage. We consider our present limits of coverage, deductibles
and reserves to be adequate. Wherever possible, we endeavor to eliminate or reduce the risk of loss on a project through the use of quality
assurance and control, risk management, workplace safety and similar methods. 

Risk management is an integral
part of project management. We have a strict project review framework including escalation to senior management for any fixed price contracts
above 5 million. 

Regulation 

We are regulated in a number
of fields in which we operate. We contract with various U.S. governmental agencies and entities, and when working with such governmental
agencies and entities, we must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of contracts.
These laws and regulations contain terms that, among other things: 

require
 certification and disclosure of all costs or pricing data in connection with various contract negotiations; 

impose
 procurement regulations that define allowable and unallowable costs and otherwise govern our right to reimbursement under various
 cost-based U.S. government contracts; and 

restrict
 the use and dissemination of information classified for national security purposes and the exportation of certain products and technical
 data. 

To help ensure compliance with
these laws and regulations, employees are sometimes required to complete tailored ethics and other compliance training relevant to their
position and our operations. 

11 

Legal and Environmental 

From time to time, we are subject
to various legal proceedings that arise out of our normal course of business or otherwise. We are not currently a party to any legal
proceedings that, individually or in the aggregate, are expected to materially impact our business, financial position, results of operations
and cash flows, taken as a whole. 

We must comply with a number
of federal, tribal, state and local laws and regulations that strictly regulate the handling, removal, treatment, transportation and
disposal of toxic and hazardous substances, or that otherwise relate to health and safety or the protection of the environment. Liabilities
related to environmental contamination or human exposure to hazardous substances, or a failure to comply with applicable regulations,
could result in substantial costs, including clean-up costs; fines and administrative, civil or criminal sanctions; third-party claims
for property damage or personal injury; or implementation of remediation activities, including investigation, assessment and short- or
long-term monitoring activities. 

Available Information 

We make available free of
charge on our website, www.oneatlas.com , our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports
on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such information with, or furnish it to,
the SEC. These documents are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . The information on our website is not,
and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any of our other filings with the SEC. 

12 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

RISK FACTORS 

You should carefully consider
the following risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as these risks could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Additionally, the risks and
uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks and uncertainties that we may face. Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. Furthermore,
the ongoing global pandemic related to COVID-19 may amplify many of the risks discussed below to which we are subject and, given the
unpredictable, unprecedented and fluid nature of the pandemic, it may materially and adversely affect us in ways that are not anticipated
by or known to us or that we do not currently consider to present significant risk. Therefore, at this time, we are unable to estimate
the extent to which the pandemic and its related impacts will adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 

Outbreaks of communicable diseases, including
the ongoing global pandemic related to COVID-19, have had an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations
and could in the future have, directly or indirectly, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The duration and extent to which this will impact our future financial condition and results of operations remains uncertain. 

Global or national health concerns,
including the outbreak of a pandemic or contagious disease, can negatively impact the global economy and, therefore, demand and pricing
for our services. For example, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures being taken to address and limit the spread of
the virus have adversely affected the U.S. economy and financial markets, resulting in an economic downturn that has negatively impacted
the demand for our services. In response to market conditions, during the second quarter of 2020, we reduced our workforce through various
actions. The full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak continues to evolve. 

Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic
also raises the possibility of an extended global economic downturn and has caused volatility in financial markets, which could affect
demand for our services and impact our financial condition and results of operations even after the pandemic is fully contained. For
example, if a client s financial difficulties become severe, the client may be unwilling or unable to pay our invoices in the ordinary
course of business, which could adversely affect collections of both our accounts receivable and unbilled services. We continue to monitor
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our cash flows and on the credit and financial markets. 

As a safety focused organization,
since the outbreak of COVID-19 and continuing throughout 2022, we have encouraged our employees to work from home wherever possible and
to honor all shelter in place rules put forth by their state or local governments. As a result, we may have increased cybersecurity and
data security risks, due to increased use of home Wi-Fi networks and virtual private networks, as well as increased disbursement of physical
machines. While we continue to implement information technology controls to reduce the risk of a cybersecurity or data security breach,
there is no guarantee that these measures will be adequate to safeguard all systems with an increased number of employees working remotely. 

We are currently monitoring,
and will continue to monitor, the safety of our employees during the COVID-19 pandemic. We are evaluating, and will continue to evaluate,
the impact of COVID-19 on current projects, but the full effects of COVID-19 on our operations are still unknown. The duration and extent
of the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic continues to be evaluated by governments and experts and depends on future developments that
cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the severity and transmission rate of the virus, the extent and effectiveness of
containment actions, the long-term efficacy of COVID-19 vaccines, the emergence of new strains of the virus and the impact of these and
other factors on our employees and clients. In the event of a reinstitution of shelter-in-place orders within the cities and municipalities
where we operate, our future results could be further negatively impacted and could result in the re-designation of infrastructure spending
to other uses. Disruptions to capital markets due to the uncertainty surrounding the length and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic could
also delay the timing of our customers capital projects. 

13 

Our business strategy relies in part on acquisitions
to sustain our growth. Acquisitions of other companies present certain risks and uncertainties. 

Our business strategy involves
growth through, among other things, the acquisition of other companies. We may finance these acquisitions or other strategic investments
with cash, the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or a combination of the foregoing, and therefore any such acquisition or
strategic investment could be dilutive to our existing stockholders. We try to acquire companies that we believe will strategically fit
into our business and growth objectives, including, for example, our acquisition of ATC Group Services LLC in January 2019, LONG in February
2020, Alta Vista in September 2020, WesTest in December 2020, AEL in April 2021, O Neill in July 2021, and TranSmart and 1 Alliance
in March 2022. We are continuously evaluating multiple acquisition or strategic investment opportunities, some of which may be material
to our results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to successfully integrate and develop acquired businesses, we
could fail to achieve anticipated synergies and cost savings, including any expected increases in revenues and operating results, which
could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

We may not be able to identify
suitable acquisition or strategic investment opportunities or may be unable to obtain the required consent of our lenders and, therefore,
may not be able to complete such acquisitions or strategic investments. We may incur expenses associated with sourcing, evaluating and
negotiating acquisitions (including those that we do not complete), and we may also pay fees and expenses associated with financing acquisitions
to investment banks and other advisors. Any of these amounts may be substantial, and together with the size, timing and number of acquisitions
we pursue, may negatively affect and cause significant volatility in our financial results. 

In addition, we have assumed,
and may in the future assume, liabilities of the company we are acquiring. While we retain third-party advisors to assist with due diligence
and consult on potential liabilities related to these acquisitions, there can be no assurances that all potential liabilities will be
identified or known to us. If there are unknown liabilities or other unforeseen obligations, our business could be materially adversely
affected. 

We cannot assure you that we will achieve synergies
and cost savings in connection with prior or future acquisitions. 

We actively pursue acquisition
opportunities consistent with our growth strategy. We may not achieve anticipated cost savings in connection with prior or future acquisitions
within the anticipated time frames or at all. A variety of risks could cause us not to realize some or all of these expected benefits.
These risks include, among others, higher than expected standalone overhead expenses, delays in the anticipated timing of activities
related to cost saving initiatives and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating the acquired business. Moreover,
our implementation of cost savings initiatives may disrupt our operations and performance, and our estimated cost savings from such initiatives
may be based on assumptions that prove to be inaccurate. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or our
improvement initiatives adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to implement than we project, or if our assumptions
prove inaccurate, our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, our operating results
from these acquisitions could, in the future, result in impairment charges for any of our intangible assets, including goodwill, or other
long-lived assets, particularly if economic conditions worsen unexpectedly. These changes could materially adversely affect our results
of operations, financial condition, stockholders equity, and cash flows. 

If we are unable to integrate acquired businesses
successfully, our business could be harmed. 

As part of our business strategy
to pursue accretive acquisitions, we intend to selectively pursue targets that provide complementary, low-risk services and expand our
national platform. Our inability to successfully integrate future acquisitions could impede us from realizing all of the benefits of
those acquisitions and could weaken our business operations. The integration process of any particular acquisition may disrupt our business
and, if implemented ineffectively, may preclude realization of the full benefits expected by us and could harm our results of operations.
In addition, the overall integration process may result in unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities and competitive responses and
may cause our stock price to decline. 

14 

The difficulties of integrating
acquisitions include, among other things: 

unanticipated
 issues in integration of information, communications and other systems; 

unanticipated
 incompatibility of logistics, marketing and administration methods; 

maintaining
 employee morale and retaining key employees; 

integrating
 the business cultures of both companies; 

preserving
 important strategic client relationships; 

consolidating
 corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations; and 

coordinating
 geographically separate organizations. 

In addition, even if the operations
of an acquisition are integrated successfully, we may not realize the full benefits of such acquisition, including the synergies, cost
savings or growth opportunities that we expect. These expected benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame or at all. 

Further, we have assumed, and
may in the future assume, liabilities of the company we are acquiring. While we retain third-party advisors to assist with due diligence
and consult on potential liabilities related to these acquisitions, there can be no assurances that all potential liabilities will be
identified or known to us. If there are unknown liabilities or other unforeseen obligations, our business could be materially adversely
affected. Acquisitions may also cause us to: 

require
 our management to expend significant time, effort and resources; 

issue
 securities that would dilute our current stockholders; 

use
 a substantial portion of our cash resources; 

increase
 our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to fund an acquisition; 

assume
 liabilities, including environmental liabilities, for which we do not have indemnification from the former owners or have indemnification
 that may be subject to dispute or concerns regarding the creditworthiness of the former owners; 

record
 goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential impairment
 charges; 

experience
 volatility in earnings due to changes in contingent consideration related to acquisition liability estimates; 

incur
 amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets; 

lose
 existing or potential contracts as a result of conflict of interest issues; 

incur
 large and immediate write-offs; or 

become
 subject to litigation. 

15 

Our continued success is dependent upon our
ability to hire, retain and utilize qualified personnel. 

The success of our business
and our ability to operate profitably is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers,
architects, designers, craft personnel and corporate management professionals who have the required experience and expertise at a reasonable
cost. The market for these and other personnel is competitive. From time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified
individuals with the expertise, and in the timeframe, demanded by our clients, or to replace such personnel when needed in a timely manner.
In certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully
hire and retain a sufficient amount of qualified personnel. Furthermore, some of our personnel hold government-granted clearance that
may be required to obtain government projects. If we were to lose some or all of these personnel, they would be difficult to replace.
Loss of the services of, or failure to recruit, qualified technical and management personnel could limit our ability to successfully
complete existing projects and compete for new projects. 

In addition, if any of our key
personnel retire or otherwise leave the Company, we must have appropriate succession plans in place and successfully implement such plans,
which requires devoting time and resources toward identifying and integrating new personnel into leadership roles and other key positions.
Our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans could have a material adverse
impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The cost of providing our services,
including the extent to which we utilize our workforce, affects our profitability. For example, the uncertainty of contract award timing
can present difficulties in matching our workforce size with our contracts. If an expected contract award is delayed or not received,
we could incur costs resulting from excess staff, reductions in staff, or redundancy of facilities that could have a material adverse
impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our profitability could suffer if we are not
able to maintain adequate utilization of our workforce. 

The cost of providing our services,
including the extent to which we utilize our workforce, affects our profitability. The rate at which we utilize our workforce is affected
by several factors, including: 

our
 ability to transition employees from completed projects to new assignments and to hire and
 assimilate new employees; 

our
 ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain an appropriate headcount
 in each of our geographic areas and workforces; 

our
 ability to manage attrition; 

our
 need to devote time and resources to training, business development, professional development
 and other non-chargeable activities; 

our
 ability to match the skill sets of our employees to the needs of the marketplace; 

potential
 disengagement of employees if we overutilize our workforce, which would increase employee
 attrition; and 

conversely,
 if we underutilize our workforce, our profit margin and profitability could suffer. 

If we are not able to successfully manage our
growth strategy, our business operations and financial results may be adversely affected. 

Our expected future growth presents
numerous managerial, administrative and operational challenges. Our ability to manage the growth of our operations will require us to
continue to improve our management information systems and our other internal systems and controls. In addition, our growth will increase
our need to attract, develop, motivate, and retain both our management and professional employees. The inability of our management to
effectively manage our growth or the inability of our employees to achieve anticipated performance could have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

16 

Construction and maintenance sites are inherently
dangerous workplaces. If we, the owner, or others working at a project site fail to maintain a safe work site, we can be exposed to significant
financial losses and reputational harm, as well as civil and criminal liabilities. 

Construction and maintenance
sites often put our employees and others in proximity to large pieces of mechanized equipment, moving vehicles, chemical and manufacturing
processes and highly regulated materials in a challenging environment. If we fail to implement safety procedures, or if the procedures
we implement are ineffective, or if others working at the site fail to implement and follow appropriate safety procedures, our employees
and others may become injured, disabled or even lose their lives, the completion or commencement of our projects may be delayed and we
may be exposed to litigation, investigations, fines, penalties or claims for damages. Unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase
employee turnover, increase the cost of a project to our clients and raise our operating and insurance costs. Any of the foregoing could
result in financial losses or reputational harm, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

In addition, our projects can
involve the handling of hazardous and other highly regulated materials, which, if improperly handled or disposed of, could subject us
to civil and/or criminal liabilities. We are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. Although we maintain
functional groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective HSE work procedures throughout our organization, including
construction sites and maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations could subject us to liability. In addition, despite
the work of our functional groups, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel or that there will be no damage to or loss of our
work, equipment or supplies. 

Our safety record is critical
to our reputation. Many of our clients require that we meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to bid for contracts, and many contracts
provide for automatic termination or forfeiture of some or all of our contract fees or profits in the event that we fail to meet certain
measures. Accordingly, if we fail to maintain adequate safety standards, we could suffer reduced profitability or the loss of projects
or clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Demand from clients is cyclical and vulnerable
to economic downturns. If the economy weakens or client spending declines, our financial results may be impacted. 

Demand for services from our
clients is cyclical and vulnerable to economic downturns, which may result in clients delaying, curtailing or canceling proposed and
existing projects. Our business traditionally lags the overall recovery in the economy. If the economy weakens or client spending declines,
then our revenue, profits and overall financial condition may deteriorate. 

In addition, if there is an
economic downturn, our existing and potential clients may either postpone entering into new contracts or request price concessions. Difficult
financing and economic conditions may cause some of our clients to demand better pricing terms or delay payments for services we perform,
thereby increasing the average number of days our receivables are outstanding and the potential of increased credit losses on uncollectible
invoices. Further, these conditions may result in the inability of some of our clients to pay us for services that we have already performed.
Accordingly, these factors affect our ability to forecast our future revenue and earnings from business areas that may be adversely impacted
by market conditions. 

Our results of operations depend on the award
of new contracts and the timing of the performance of these contracts. 

Our revenues are derived from
new contract awards. Delays in the timing of awards or cancellations of such prospects as a result of economic conditions, material and
equipment pricing and availability or other factors could impact our long-term projected results. It is particularly difficult to predict
whether or when we will receive large-scale projects as these contracts frequently involve a lengthy and complex bidding and selection
process, which is affected by several factors, such as market conditions or governmental and environmental approvals. Since a significant
portion of our revenues is generated from such projects, our results of operations and cash flows can fluctuate significantly from quarter
to quarter depending on the timing of our contract awards and the commencement or progress of work under awarded contracts. Furthermore,
many of these contracts are subject to financing contingencies and, as a result, we are subject to the risk that the customer will not
be able to secure the necessary financing for the project. 

In addition, certain contracts
require us to satisfy specific progress or performance milestones in order to receive payment from the customer. As a result, we may
incur significant costs for engineering, materials, components, equipment, labor or subcontractors prior to receipt of payment from a
customer. 

The uncertainty of contract
award timing can also present difficulties in matching workforce size with contract requirements. In some cases, we maintain and bear
the cost of a ready workforce that is larger than necessary under existing contracts in anticipation of future workforce needs for expected
contract awards. If an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we may incur additional costs resulting from reductions in
staff or redundancy of facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

17 

The contracts in our backlog may be adjusted,
cancelled or suspended by our clients and, therefore, our backlog is not necessarily indicative of our future revenues or earnings. Additionally,
even if fully performed, our backlog is not a good indicator of future gross margins. 

Backlog represents the total
dollar amount of revenues we expect to record in the future as a result of performing work under contracts that have been awarded to
us. As of December 30, 2022, our backlog totaled approximately 877 million. There is no assurance that backlog will be realized as revenues
in the amounts reported or, if realized, will result in profits. In accordance with industry practice, substantially all of our contracts
are subject to cancellation, termination or suspension at the discretion of the client. In the event of a project cancellation, we would
generally have no contractual right to the total revenue reflected in our backlog. Projects can remain in backlog for extended periods
of time depending on the nature of the project and the timing of the services required by the project. The risk of contracts in backlog
being cancelled or suspended generally increases during periods of widespread economic slowdowns or in response to changes in commodity
prices. 

The contracts in our backlog
are subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided as well as adjustments to the costs relating to the contracts. The revenue
for certain contracts included in backlog is based on estimates. Additionally, the way we perform on our individual contracts can greatly
affect our gross margins and future profitability. 

If our clients delay in paying or fail to pay
amounts owed to us, our business operations and financial results may be adversely impacted. 

Our accounts receivable are
a significant asset on our balance sheet. While we take steps to evaluate and manage the credit risks relating to our clients, economic
downturns or other events can adversely affect the markets we serve and our clients ability to pay, which could reduce our ability
to collect amounts due from clients. We may be unable to collect amounts due or damages we are awarded from certain clients, and our
efforts to collect such amounts may damage our client relationships. The disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have heightened
the risk that we may not receive payment for services performed. If our clients delay in paying or fail to pay us a significant amount
of our outstanding receivables, it could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Our services expose us to significant risks
of liability, and our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage. 

If we fail to provide our services
in accordance with applicable professional standards or contractual requirements, we could be exposed to significant monetary damages
or even criminal violations. Our engineering practice, for example, involves professional judgments regarding the planning, design, development,
construction, operations and management of industrial facilities and public infrastructure projects. While we do not generally accept
liability for consequential damages in our contracts, and although we have adopted a range of insurance, risk management and risk avoidance
programs designed to reduce potential liabilities, a catastrophic event at one of our project sites or completed projects resulting from
the services we have performed could result in significant professional or product liability, and warranty or other claims against us
as well as reputational harm, especially if public safety is negatively impacted. These liabilities could exceed our insurance limits
or the fees we generate, may not be covered by insurance at all due to various exclusions in our coverage and self-insured retention
amounts, and could impact our ability to obtain insurance in the future or increase the cost of obtaining such insurance. Further, we
do not have insurance against all foreseeable risks, either because insurance is not available or because of the high premium cost. Even
where coverage applies, the policies have deductibles, which result in our assumption of exposure for certain amounts with respect to
any claim filed against us. In addition, clients or subcontractors who have agreed to indemnify us against any such liabilities or losses
might refuse or be unable to pay us. An uninsured claim, either in part or in whole, as well as any claim covered by insurance but subject
to a high deductible, if successful and of a material magnitude, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Unavailability or cancellation of third-party
insurance coverage would increase our overall risk exposure as well as disrupt the management of our business operations. 

We maintain insurance coverage
from third-party insurers as part of our overall risk management strategy, and some of our contracts require us to maintain specific
insurance coverage limits. If any of our third-party insurers fail, suddenly cancel coverage or are otherwise unable to provide us with
adequate insurance coverage, our overall risk exposure and operational expenses would increase and the management of our business operations
would be disrupted. In addition, there can be no assurance that any of our existing insurance coverage will be renewable upon the expiration
of the coverage period or that future coverage will be affordable at the required limits. 

18 

Catastrophic events may adversely impact our
business operations. 

Our business operations may
be adversely impacted by force majeure or extraordinary events beyond the control of the contracting parties, such as natural and man-made
disasters as well as terrorist attacks. Such events could result in the closure of offices, interruption of projects and the relocation
of employees. We typically remain obligated to perform our services after a terrorist attack or natural disaster unless the contract
contains a force majeure clause that relieves us of our contractual obligations. If we are not able to react quickly to a force majeure
event, our operations may be affected significantly, which would have a negative impact on our business operations. 

Further, we rely on our network
and third-party infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology systems and our website for our development, marketing,
operational, support, hosted services and sales activities. Despite our implementation of network security measures, we are vulnerable
to disruption, infiltration or failure of these systems or third-party hosted services in the event of a major earthquake, fire, power
loss, telecommunications failure, cyberattack, war, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event, and any such occurrence could cause
system interruptions, reputational harm, loss of intellectual property, lengthy interruptions in our services, breaches of data security
and loss of critical data and could harm our future operating results. 

We engage in a highly competitive business.
If we are unable to compete effectively, we could lose market share and our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

We face intense competition
to provide testing, inspection, engineering, environmental, program management and consulting services to clients. The markets we serve
are highly competitive and we compete against many regional, national and multinational companies. 

The extent of our competition
varies by industry, geographic area and project type. Our projects are frequently awarded through a competitive bidding process, which
is standard in our industry. We are constantly competing for project awards based on pricing, schedule and the breadth and technical
sophistication of our services. Competition can place downward pressure on our contract prices and profit margins and may force us to
accept contractual terms and conditions that are less favorable to us, thereby increasing the risk that, among other things, we may not
realize profit margins at the same rates as we have seen in the past or may become responsible for costs or other liabilities we have
not accepted in the past. If we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience a loss of market share or reduced profitability
or both, which, if significant, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The nature of our contracts, particularly those
that are fixed price, subject us to risks of cost overruns. We may experience reduced profits or, in some cases, losses if costs increase
above budgets or estimates or if projects experience schedule delays. 

As of December 30, 2022, approximately
10 of our revenues were earned under fixed price contracts. Fixed price contracts require us to estimate the total cost of the project
in advance of performing it. For fixed price contracts, we may benefit from any cost savings, but we bear greater risk of paying some,
if not all, of any cost overruns. Fixed price contracts are established in part on partial or incomplete designs, cost and scheduling
estimates that are based on several assumptions, including those about future economic conditions, commodity and other materials pricing
and availability of labor, equipment and materials, in addition to other exigencies. If the design or the estimates prove inaccurate
or if circumstances change due to, among other things, unanticipated technical problems, difficulties in obtaining permits or approvals,
changes in local laws or labor conditions, weather or other delays beyond our control, changes in the costs of equipment or raw materials,
our vendors or subcontractors inability or failure to perform or changes in general economic conditions, then cost overruns
may occur and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project. These risks are exacerbated for projects
with long-term durations because there is an increased risk that the circumstances on which we based our original estimates will change
in a manner that increases costs. If the project is significant, or there are one or more issues that impact multiple projects, cost
overruns could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

19 

We derive a large portion of our gross revenues
from government agencies, and any disruption in government funding or in our relationship with those agencies could adversely affect
our business. 

During fiscal 2022, approximately
50 of our gross revenues was derived from federal, state and local government related projects. The demand for our government-related
services is generally driven by the level of government program funding. Each year, client funding for some of our U.S. government contracts
may directly or indirectly rely on government appropriations or public-supported financing. Legislatures may appropriate funds for a
given project on a year-by-year basis, even though the project may take more than one year to perform. In addition, public-supported
financing such as U.S. state and local municipal bonds may be only partially raised to support existing projects. Similarly, an economic
downturn may make it more difficult for U.S. state and local governments to fund projects. In addition to the state of the economy and
competing political priorities, public funds and the timing of payment of these funds may be influenced by: 

changes
 in and delays or cancellations of government programs, requirements, or appropriations; 

re-competes
 of government contracts; 

curtailment
 in the use of government contracting firms; 

increases
 in raw material costs; 

delays
 associated with insufficient numbers of government staff to oversee contracts; 

the
 timing and amount of tax revenue received by federal, state, and local governments, and the overall level of government expenditures; 

competing
 political priorities and changes in the political climate with regard to the funding or operation of the services we provide; 

the
 adoption of new laws or regulations affecting our contracting relationships with the federal, state, or local governments; 

a
 dispute with, or improper activity by, any of our subcontractors; and 

general
 economic or political conditions. 

These and other factors could
cause government agencies to delay or cancel programs, to reduce their orders under existing contracts, to exercise their rights to terminate
contracts, or not to exercise contract options for renewals or extensions. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect
on our revenue or timing of contract payments from these agencies. 

Governmental agencies may modify, curtail or
terminate our contracts at any time prior to their completion and, if we do not replace them, we may suffer a decline in revenue. 

Most government contracts may
be modified, curtailed or terminated by the government either at their discretion or upon the default of the contractor. If the government
terminates a contract at its discretion, then we typically can recover only costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit
on work completed prior to termination, which could prevent us from recognizing all our potential revenue and profits from that contract.
In addition, for some assignments, the U.S. government may attempt to insource the services to government employees rather
than outsource to a contractor. If a government terminates a contract due to our default, we could be liable for excess costs incurred
by the government in obtaining services from another source. 

20 

Our failure to comply with a variety of complex
procurement rules and regulations could damage our reputation and result in our being liable for penalties, including termination of
our government contracts, disqualification from bidding on future government contracts and suspension or debarment from government contracting. 

We must comply with laws and
regulations relating to government contracts, which affect how we do business with our customers and may impose added costs on our business.
Some significant laws and regulations that affect us include: 

federal,
 state, and local laws and regulations (including the Federal Acquisition Regulation or FAR regarding the formation,
 administration, and performance of government contracts; 

the
 Civil False Claims Act, which provides for substantial civil penalties for violations, including for submission of a false or fraudulent
 claim to the U.S. government for payment or approval; and 

federal,
 state and local laws and regulations regarding procurement integrity including gratuity, bribery and anti-corruption requirements
 as well as limitations on political contributions and lobbying. 

Government agencies routinely
audit and review a contractor s performance on government contracts, indirect cost rates and pricing practices, and compliance
with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations
could result in civil or criminal penalties or administrative sanctions such as contract termination, forfeiture of profits, damage to
our reputation, price or fee reductions or suspension or debarment from contracting with the government, each of which could materially
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, federal, state
and local government entities may revise existing contract rules and regulations or adopt new contract rules and regulations at any time
and may also face restrictions or pressure regarding the type and amount of services that they may obtain from private contractors. Any
of these changes could impair our ability to obtain new contracts or renew contracts under which we currently perform when those contracts
are eligible for recompetition. 

We are dependent on third parties to complete
certain elements of our contracts. 

We hire third-party subcontractors
to perform certain work under our contracts. We also rely on third-party equipment manufacturers or suppliers to provide equipment and
materials used for certain of our projects. If we are unable to hire qualified subcontractors or find qualified equipment manufacturers
or suppliers, our ability to successfully complete certain projects could be impaired. If we are not able to locate qualified third-party
subcontractors, or the amount we are required to pay for subcontractors or equipment and supplies exceeds what we have estimated, especially
in a lump sum or a fixed price contract, we may suffer losses on these contracts. If a subcontractor, supplier or manufacturer fails
to provide services, supplies or equipment as required under a contract for any reason, we may be required to source these services,
equipment or supplies to other third parties on a delayed basis or on less favorable terms, which could negatively impact contract profitability.
There is a risk that we may have disputes with our subcontractors relating to, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work
performed, customer concerns about a subcontractor or our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a contract.
In addition, faulty workmanship, equipment or materials could impact the overall project, resulting in claims against us for failure
to meet required project specifications, imposition of financial penalties or requirements to provide additional services to ensure the
adequate performance and delivery of the contracted services. We may be jointly and severally liable for the third party s actions
or contract performance. 

Third parties may find it difficult
to obtain sufficient financing to fund their operations, and such inability could adversely affect such third party s ability to
provide materials, equipment or services, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. In addition, a failure by a third-party subcontractor, supplier or manufacturer to comply with applicable laws, regulations
or client requirements could negatively impact our business and, for government clients, could result in fines, penalties, suspension
or even debarment being imposed on us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

21 

We may be precluded from providing certain
services due to conflict of interest issues. 

Many of our clients are concerned
about potential or actual conflicts of interest in retaining management consultants. U.S. federal government agencies have formal policies
against continuing or awarding contracts that would create actual or potential conflicts of interest with other activities of a contractor.
These policies may prevent us from bidding for or performing government contracts resulting from or relating to certain work we have
performed. In addition, services performed for a commercial or government client may create a conflict of interest that precludes or
limits our ability to obtain work from other public or private organizations. Any conflicts of interest that preclude us from providing
certain services could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we fail to comply with federal, state and
local governmental requirements, our business may be adversely affected. 

We are subject to U.S. federal,
state and local laws and regulations that affect our business. Although we have policies and procedures to comply with U.S. trade laws,
the violation of such laws could subject us and our employees to civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines, or
other adverse actions including debarment from participation in U.S. government contracts and could damage our reputation and our ability
to do business. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. 

We are required to comply with
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley ), which requires, among other things, a company to evaluate
annually the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year and to include a management
report assessing the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting in its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Effective internal
control over financial reporting is necessary to provide reliable financial reports and to help prevent fraud. The Company s management
team and other personnel are required to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance requirements. Moreover, these rules
and regulations increase legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Despite best efforts,
we cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain adequate internal controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future
or that we will be able to comply with our obligations under Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley. 

An impairment charge on our goodwill or intangible
assets could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. 

Because we have grown in
large part through acquisitions, goodwill and intangible assets represent a substantial portion of our assets. Under U.S. GAAP, we are
required to test goodwill and intangible assets carried in our consolidated balance sheet for possible impairment on an annual basis
based upon a fair value approach. As of December 30, 2022, we have 241.2 million of goodwill and intangible assets, representing 49 
of our total assets of 487.4 million. We also are required to test goodwill and intangible assets for impairment between annual tests
if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce our enterprise fair value below our book value. These
events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, including a significant sustained decline in a reporting
unit s market value, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion
of our business, potential government actions toward our facilities, and other factors. 

If our market capitalization
drops significantly below the amount of net equity recorded on our balance sheet, this might indicate a decline in our fair value and
would require us to further evaluate whether our goodwill has been impaired. If the fair value of our reporting units is less than their
carrying value, we could be required to record an impairment charge. The amount of any impairment could be significant and could have
a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations for the period in which the charge is taken. 

Rising inflation, interest rates and/or construction
costs could reduce the demand for our services as well as decrease our profit on our existing contracts, in particular with respect to
our fixed price contracts. 

Rising inflation, interest rates,
or construction costs could reduce the demand for our services. In addition, we bear all the risk of rising inflation with respect to
those contracts that are fixed price. Because a portion of our revenues are earned from fixed price contracts (approximately 10 as of
December 30, 2022), the effects of inflation on our financial condition and results of operations over the past few years have been generally
minor. However, if we expand our business into markets and geographic areas where fixed price and lump sum work is more prevalent, inflation
may have a larger impact on our results of operations in the future. In addition, there is a time lag in recovering labor cost increases
from our clients on time and materials/cost reimbursable contracts. Therefore, increases in inflation, interest rates or construction
costs could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

22 

We are subject to professional standards, duties
and statutory obligations on professional reports and opinions we issue, which could subject us to liability and monetary damages. 

We issue reports and opinions
to clients based on our professional engineering expertise as well as our other professional credentials that subject us to professional
standards, duties and obligations regulating the performance of our services. If a client or another third party alleges that our report
or opinion is incorrect or it is improperly relied upon and we are held responsible, we could be subject to significant liability or
claims for damages. In addition, our reports and other work product may need to comply with professional standards, licensing requirements,
securities regulations and other laws and rules governing the performance of professional services in the jurisdiction where the services
are performed. We could be liable to third parties who use or rely upon our reports and other work product even if we are not contractually
bound to those third parties. These events could in turn result in monetary damages and penalties. 

Certain of our services involve assisting our
clients compliance with environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations that may require substantial costs to comply with,
and our failure to effectively assist our client s compliance with such laws and regulations may expose us to significant penalties,
damages, or costs of remediation. Changes in such laws or regulations could also directly or indirectly reduce the demand for our services
or make our operations more costly. 

Our operations and our clients 
projects are subject to federal, tribal, regional, state, and local laws and regulations relating to protection of natural resources
and the environment, health and safety of our employees and the public, and waste management. These laws and regulations impose numerous
obligations, including the acquisition of permits to conduct regulated activities, the incurrence of capital or other substantial expenditures
to prevent releases of regulated materials, the imposition of substantial liabilities for pollution or other harm to species or the environment
resulting from our clients operations or other harm to species or the environment, and the applicability of specific health and
safety protections for our employees, our clients employees and the public. 

Examples of laws and regulations
that govern the environmental aspects of our clients businesses, and our provision of environmental compliance services to our
clients, include the following: 

The
 federal Clean Air Act CAA and comparable state laws and regulations impose obligations related to the emission of
 air pollutants. Both existing federal CAA and state laws and regulations, and any future regulations, may require pre-approval for
 the construction, expansion, or modification of certain facilities that produce, or which are expected to produce, air emissions.
 Such regulations may also impose stringent air permit requirements and require the use of specific equipment or technologies to control
 emissions. 

The
 federal Clean Water Act CWA and comparable state laws and regulations impose
 strict obligations related to discharges of pollutants and fill material into regulated bodies
 of water, including some wetlands. The discharge of pollutants and fill material into regulated
 waters is prohibited except in accordance with a permit issued by the Environmental Protection
 Agency, the United States Army Corps of Engineers, or state agency or tribe with a delegated
 CWA permit program. The CWA and its implementing regulations also require construction activities
 to establish authorization for the discharge of stormwater, which may require the development
 and implementation of a Stormwater Pollution Prevention Plan to describe the construction
 activities and the pollution prevention practices that will be implemented in connection
 with those activities. 

The
 federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA 
 or the Superfund law) and comparable state statutes impose strict liability,
 and in some cases joint and several liability, on classes of persons who are considered to
 be responsible for the release of a hazardous substance into the environment, including current
 owners or operators, past owners or operators at the time of the release, and persons who
 generate, transport, dispose, or arrange for transportation or disposal of hazardous substances.
 Such persons may be responsible for the costs of investigating and remediating releases of
 hazardous substances, remediating releases of hazardous substances, compensating for damages
 to natural resources, and for certain health studies. In the ordinary course of our clients 
 operations, industrial wastes may be regulated as hazardous substances under CERCLA. In addition,
 neighboring landowners and other third parties may file claims for personal injury and property
 damage allegedly caused by hazardous substances or other pollutants released into the environment. 

23 

The
 federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and comparable state laws regulate the generation,
 transportation, treatment, processing, storage, disposal, and cleanup of hazardous and non-hazardous
 wastes. Certain of the services we provide to our clients involve the management and handling
 of toxic or hazardous substances. In addition, our clients operations may generate
 some amounts of ordinary construction and industrial wastes that may be regulated and/or
 must be managed as hazardous wastes if such wastes are listed as hazardous wastes or have
 hazardous characteristics. 

The
 federal Endangered Species Act, implementing regulations, and analogous state laws prohibit the unauthorized take of
 certain species listed as endangered or threatened. Courts have construed the term take broadly to include the destruction
 or alteration of endangered species habitat. Similar protections are afforded to migratory birds under the Migratory Bird Treaty
 Act and bald and golden eagles under the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act. Should our clients projects be developed or
 constructed in protected species habitat, compliance with such laws could result in increased operational costs or project delays,
 including delays in providing our services in connection with such projects. 

The
 purpose of the Occupational Safety and Health Act OSHA ), comparable state
 statutes, and each of their implementing regulations is to protect the health and safety
 of workers. In addition, the OSHA hazard communication standard, the Emergency Planning and
 Community Right-to-Know Act , and comparable state statutes and any implementing regulations
 thereof may require disclosure of information about hazardous materials stored, used, or
 produced in our or our clients operations, and that such information be provided to
 employees, state and local governmental authorities, and/or citizens, as applicable. 

Any failure on our part to comply
with laws and regulations such as those listed above, or to effectively assist our clients compliance with such laws and regulations,
may result in increases in operational costs or project delays to our clients and could ultimately lead to claims against us. In addition,
environmental laws and regulations have been subject to frequent changes over the years and tend to become more stringent over time,
and the imposition of more stringent or complex laws and regulations could increase the likelihood that we may fail to comply with, or
to effectively assist our clients compliance with, such laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable environmental,
health, and safety laws and regulations, our failure to effectively assist our clients compliance with such laws and regulations
in connection with projects, or the failure of any of our subcontractors to comply with such laws and regulations could trigger a variety
of administrative, civil, and criminal enforcement measures, including investigations, the assessment of monetary penalties, the imposition
of remedial requirements or other corrective measures, and the issuance of directives or orders enjoining existing or future operations
or projects, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of our business. 

Changes in natural resource management, climate
change or infrastructure industry laws, regulations, and programs could directly or indirectly reduce the demand for our services, or
could make our operations more costly, which could in turn negatively impact our revenue. 

Our business and results of
operations could be adversely affected by the passage of climate change, defense, environmental, infrastructure and other legislation,
policies and regulations. Growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional environmental regulations.
For example, legislation, international protocols, regulation or other restrictions on emissions could increase the costs of projects
for our clients or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services. Furthermore,
compliance with these laws and regulations may, from time to time, increase the costs associated with our operations; delay our clients 
projects or operations; or result in liabilities for personal injuries, property damage, discharge of hazardous materials, remediation
and clean-up costs, and other environmental damages. In addition, relaxation or repeal of laws and regulations, or changes in governmental
policies regarding environmental, defense, infrastructure or other industries we serve could result in a decline in demand for our services,
which could in turn negatively impact our revenues. We cannot predict when or whether any of these various proposals may be enacted or
what their effect will be on us or on our clients. 

Finally, environmental,
social, and governance ESG goals and programs, which typically include extra legal targets related to environmental stewardship,
social responsibility, and corporate governance, have become an increasing focus of investors, stockholders and activists across many
industries. Access to capital and investors is likely to favor companies with robust ESG programs in place. 

To the extent we become subject
to legal requirements to calculate ESG metrics and/or conduct ESG reporting in the future or are subject to stakeholder pressure to conduct
such activities, our costs of planning, designing, measuring and monitoring, and reporting on our operations could increase and we could
be exposed to greater reputational, regulatory, and litigation risk . Further,
if we do not adapt to or meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards or meet the goals and targets we have
set with respect to ESG matters such as climate change, regardless of whether there is a regulatory or legal requirement to do so, we
may suffer from an erosion of stakeholder trust, reputational damage and/or material and adverse effects to our business, financial condition
and/or stock price. 

24 

If we fail to complete a project in a timely
manner, miss a required performance standard, or otherwise fail to adequately perform on a project, then we may incur a loss on that
project, which may reduce or eliminate our overall profitability. 

Our engagements often involve
large-scale, complex projects. The quality of our performance on such projects depends in large part upon our ability to manage the relationship
with our clients and our ability to effectively manage the project and deploy appropriate resources, including third-party contractors
and our own personnel, in a timely manner. We may commit to a client that we will complete a project by a scheduled date. We may also
commit that a project, when completed, will achieve specified performance standards. If the project is not completed by the scheduled
date or fails to meet required performance standards, we may either incur significant additional costs or be held responsible for the
costs incurred by the client to rectify damages due to late completion or failure to achieve the required performance standards. The
uncertainty of the timing of a project can present difficulties in planning the amount of personnel needed for the project. If the project
is delayed or canceled, we may bear the cost of an underutilized workforce that was dedicated to fulfilling the project. In addition,
performance of projects can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including: 

unavoidable
 delays from government inaction; 

public
 opposition; 

inability
 to obtain financing; 

weather
 conditions, including conditions and severe weather events influenced by climate change; 

unavailability
 of vendor materials; 

changes
 in the project scope of services requested by our clients; 

industrial
 accidents; 

environmental
 hazards; and 

labor
 disruptions. 

To the extent these events occur,
the total costs of the project could exceed our estimates, and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, incur a loss on
a project, which may reduce or eliminate our overall profitability. Further, any defects or errors, or failures to meet our clients 
expectations, could result in claims for damages against us. Failure to meet performance standards or complete performance on a timely
basis could also adversely affect our reputation. 

The outcome of pending and future claims and
litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are a party to claims and
litigation in the normal course of business. Since we engage in testing, inspection, engineering and other activities for large facilities
and projects where design, construction or systems failures can result in substantial injury or death of employees or others or in damage
to property, we are exposed to claims and litigation and investigations if there is a failure at any such facility or project. Such claims
could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, pollution and environmental
damage and be brought by our clients or third parties, such as those who use or reside near our clients projects. We can also
be exposed to claims if we agreed that a project will achieve certain performance standards or satisfy certain technical requirements
and those standards or requirements are ultimately not met. In many of our contracts with clients, subcontractors and vendors, we agree
to retain or assume potential liabilities for damages, penalties, losses and other exposures relating to projects that could result in
claims that greatly exceed the anticipated profits relating to those contracts. In addition, while clients and subcontractors may agree
to indemnify us against certain liabilities, such third parties may refuse or be unable to pay us if such indemnification obligations
arise. 

25 

State and other public employee unions may
bring litigation that seeks to limit the ability of public agencies to contract with private firms to perform government employee functions
in the area of public improvements. Judicial determinations in favor of these unions could affect our ability to compete for contracts
and may have an adverse effect on our financial results. 

State and other public employee
unions have challenged the validity of propositions, legislation, charters, and other government regulations that allow public agencies
to contract with private firms to provide services in the fields of engineering, design, and construction of public improvements that
might otherwise be provided by public employees. These challenges could have the effect of eliminating or severely restricting the ability
of municipalities to hire private firms and otherwise require them to use union employees to perform the services. If a state or other
public employee union is successful in its challenge, this may result in additional litigation which could affect our ability to compete
for contracts. 

Our credit agreements contain a number of restrictive
covenants which could limit our ability to finance future operations, acquisitions or capital needs or engage in other business activities
that may be in our interest. 

In the first quarter of 2021,
Atlas Intermediate, as the borrower, entered into two new credit facilities, as described further in Note 6 Long-Term Debt 
within the Consolidated Financial Statements. The credit agreements include a number of customary negative covenants. Such covenants,
among other things, limit or restrict the ability of each of Holdings, Atlas Intermediate and all of their direct and indirect subsidiaries
to: 

incur
 additional indebtedness and make guarantees 

incur
 liens on assets 

engage
 in mergers or consolidations or fundamental changes 

dispose
 of assets 

pay
 dividends and distributions or repurchase capital stock 

make
 investments, loans and advances, including acquisitions 

amend
 organizational documents and other material contracts 

enter
 into certain agreements that would restrict the ability to incur liens on assets 

repay
 certain junior indebtedness and, in the case of the ABL Revolver Agreement, make certain
 payments on the Term Loans 

enter
 into certain transactions with affiliates 

amend
 certain documents governing indebtedness; 

enter
 into sale leaseback transactions 

change
 fiscal periods; and 

change
 the conduct of its business. 

These restrictions are subject
to certain exceptions including (i) the ability to incur additional indebtedness, liens, investments, dividends and distributions, and
prepayments of junior indebtedness subject, in each case, to compliance with certain financial metrics and/or certain other conditions
and (ii) a number of other traditional exceptions that grant the Company continued flexibility to operate and develop its business. 

26 

In addition, the credit agreements
also require Holdings, Atlas Intermediate and all of their direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis to comply with certain
financial ratio covenants, including a total net leverage ratio, which is tested on a quarterly basis, and a fixed charge coverage ratio,
which is tested on a quarterly basis if our revolving loan balance is greater than 0 or our outstanding letters of credit are 5.0 million
or more. Our ability to comply with these ratios may be affected by events beyond our control. These restrictions could limit our ability
to plan for or react to market or economic conditions or meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans, and
could adversely affect our ability to finance our operations, acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances or other capital needs
or to engage in other business activities that would otherwise be in our interest. A breach of any of these covenants or our inability
to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our debt instruments. If an event of default occurs, our
creditors could elect to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest, to be immediately due and payable,
terminate any existing commitments to lend and foreclose on any of our assets securing their loans. Any such acceleration or termination
of commitments could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and ability to conduct our business. 

Variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest
rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 

Borrowings under the Credit
Agreements (described further in Note 6 Long-Term Debt within the Consolidated Financial Statements) bear interest at variable
rates, exposing us to interest rate risk. If the interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness
would increase even though the amount borrowed would remain the same, and our results of operations and cash flows for servicing our
indebtedness would decrease. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly,
which could have a material negative effect on the price of our Class A common stock. 

Our quarterly operating results
may fluctuate due to several factors, including: 

fluctuations
 in the spending patterns of our clients; 

the
 number and significance of projects executed during a quarter; 

unanticipated
 changes in contract performance, particularly with contracts that have funding limits; 

the
 timing of resolving change orders, requests for equitable adjustments and other contract adjustments; 

project
 delays; 

changes
 in prices of commodities or other supplies; 

weather
 conditions, including conditions and severe weather events influenced by climate change that
 delay work at project sites; 

the
 timing of expenses incurred in connection with acquisitions or other corporate initiatives; 

natural
 disasters or other crises; 

staff
 levels and utilization rates; 

changes
 in prices of services offered by our competitors; and 

general
 economic and political conditions. 

If our quarterly operating results
fluctuate significantly, causing our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts, the price of our Class
A common stock may decrease substantially, which could have a material negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

27 

We are an emerging growth company 
and are thus able to avail ourselves of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, which could make our
common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and we intend to take
advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. In addition, pursuant to Section 107 of the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company we intend
to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay
the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. 

We cannot predict if investors
will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We may take advantage
of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth
company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion
or more; (ii) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of our initial public offering; (iii) the date
on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. 

We may be required to take write-downs or write-offs,
restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Although we conducted due diligence
prior to the Atlas Business Combination, we cannot assure you that this diligence revealed all material issues that may be present in
our business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside
of our control will not later arise. As a result, the Company may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure
our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in losses. Even if the due diligence successfully identified certain
risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis.
Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that the Company reports
charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about the Company or our securities. In addition, charges of this
nature may cause the Company to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject. Accordingly, our stockholders could
suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they
are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary
duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender
offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Atlas Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material
omission. 

To the extent that shares of Class A common
stock are issued pursuant to the terms of the Holdings LLC Agreement, the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market will
increase. 

Pursuant to the terms of the
Holdings LLC Agreement, the Continuing Members may redeem any or all of the shares of Class B common stock issued to them along with
a corresponding number of Holdings Units, for an equal number of shares of Class A common stock. 

To the extent that any shares
of Class A common stock are issued pursuant to the terms of the Holdings LLC Agreement, there will be an increase in the number of shares
of Class A common stock eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of a substantial number of such shares in the public market could
adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

28 

If we raise capital in the future by issuing
shares of common or preferred stock or other equity or equity-linked securities, convertible debt or other hybrid equity securities,
our then existing stockholders may experience dilution, such new securities may have rights senior to those of our common stock, and
the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

If we raise capital
in the future our then existing stockholders may experience dilution. Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation (our
 Charter provides that preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors Board is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our Board may, without
stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights
of the holders of the shares of common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. For example, the Board might grant holders of a class
or series of our preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events
or the right to veto specified transactions. The ability of our Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have
the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. Similarly, the repurchase
or redemption rights or liquidation preferences the Board might assign to holders of our preferred stock could affect the residual value
of our common stock. The issuance of any such securities may have the impact of adversely affecting the market price of our common stock. 

The issuance of additional stock as consideration
for acquisitions will dilute existing stockholdings and may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

In March 2022, we acquired TranSmart
and 1 Alliance. The purchase price for the acquisitions included an equity component pursuant to which we issued 872,752 and 355,649
shares of Class A common stock, respectively, to the former owners and certain former employees. The issuance of our Class A common stock
as consideration for the acquisitions of TranSmart and 1 Alliance, or any future acquisition, result in dilution of our existing stockholders
and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Provisions in our Charter and Delaware law
may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our Charter requires, unless
we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii)
any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us or our stockholders,
(iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or
our Charter or our second amended and restated bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees
governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A)
as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten
days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery,
(C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as
to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. If an
action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such
stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of
Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent
it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our Charter provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive
federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the
types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

29 

Provisions in our Charter may inhibit a takeover
of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our Charter contains provisions
that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include
a staggered board of directors and the controlling provisions of the Nomination Agreement we entered into with Bernhard Capital Partners
in connection with the Atlas Business Combination (the Nomination Agreement 

Concentration of ownership of our common stock
among certain large stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions or adversely affect the trading
price of our common stock. 

Holders of our common stock
vote together as a single class on all matters presented to our stockholders for their vote or approval, except as otherwise required
by applicable law or our Charter. Certain of our stockholders own large portions of the voting power of our common stock and as a result
exercise significant influence over the outcome of certain matters requiring stockholder approval, including mergers and other material
transactions, the composition of our Board or a change in control of the Company that could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity
to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of the Company. The existence of significant stockholders may also have
the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in management, or limiting the ability
of our other stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in the best interests of the Company. 

So long as a small number of
stockholders continues to control a significant amount of our common stock, they will continue to be able to strongly influence all matters
requiring stockholder approval, regardless of whether or not other stockholders believe that a potential transaction is in their own
best interests. In any of these matters, the interests of such stockholders may differ or conflict with the interests of our other stockholders.
In addition, our significant stockholders and their affiliates, as well as members of our Board, may, from time to time, acquire interests
in businesses that directly or indirectly compete with our business, as well as businesses that are significant existing or potential
customers. Moreover, this concentration of stock ownership may also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock to the extent
investors perceive a disadvantage in owning stock of a company with a concentrated stock ownership. 

The market price of our common stock may be
affected by low trading volume. 

Although a trading market
for our Class A common stock exists on the NASDAQ, the trading volume has not been significant, due in part to a substantial number of
our outstanding shares of our common stock either being held by a single stockholder or subject to contractual lock-ups and other
legal restrictions. Additionally, a portion of our common stock is currently made up of Class B common stock, which is not listed on
a public exchange but is exchangeable (along with Holdings Units) for shares of Class A common stock. When trading volume is low, significant
price movement can be caused by the trading in a relatively small number of shares. Low volume can also reduce liquidity, which could
adversely affect the market price of our shares of common stock. 

If securities or industry analysts adversely
change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock
price could decline. 

The trading market for our Class
A common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business.
If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of the Company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in
the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts
who cover the Company downgrades our Class A common stock, or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price
could decline. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able
to comply with the continued listing standards of NASDAQ. 

Our continued eligibility for
listing on NASDAQ depends on a number of factors. If NASDAQ delists the Class A common stock from trading on its exchange for failure
to meet the listing standards, we and our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our Class A common
 stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
 for our Class A common stock; 

30 

a
 limited amount of analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

We are a holding company, and we depend
on the ability of our subsidiaries to distribute funds to us in order to satisfy certain of our financial obligations and to make dividend
payments. 

We are a holding company
and our subsidiaries conduct all of our operations and own all of our operating assets. We have no significant assets other than the
equity interests in our subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to satisfy our financial obligations and to make dividend payments in
the future depends on our subsidiaries and their ability to distribute funds to us. If we are unable to obtain funds from our subsidiaries,
we may be unable to satisfy certain of our financial obligations or our board of directors may exercise its discretion not to declare
or pay dividends. We do not intend to obtain funds from other sources to pay dividends. 

In addition, the declaration
and payment of dividends, if any, will always be subject to the discretion of the board of directors, and restrictions contained in our
existing debt agreements. The timing and amount of any dividends declared will depend on, among other things, the Company s earnings,
financial condition and cash requirements and availability, the ability to obtain debt and equity financing on acceptable terms, the
terms of its outstanding indebtedness and the ability of the Company s subsidiaries to distribute funds to it. 

General Risk Factors 

Negative conditions in the credit and financial
markets and delays in receiving client payments could result in liquidity problems, increasing our cost of borrowing and adversely affecting
our business . 

Although we finance much of
our operations using cash provided by operations, at times we depend on the availability of credit to grow our business and help fund
acquisitions. Instability in the credit markets in the U.S. or abroad could cause credit to be relatively difficult or expensive to obtain
at competitive rates, on commercially reasonable terms or in sufficient amounts. This situation could make it more difficult or more
expensive for us to access funds, refinance our existing indebtedness, enter into agreements for new indebtedness or obtain funding through
the issuance of securities, or such additional capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. We may also enter into
business acquisition agreements that require us to access credit, which if not available at the closing of the acquisition could result
in a breach of the acquisition agreement and a resulting claim for damages by the sellers of such business. In addition, market conditions
could negatively impact our clients ability to fund their projects and, therefore, utilize our services, which could have a material
adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Some of our customers, suppliers
and subcontractors depend on access to commercial financing and capital markets to fund their operations. Disruptions in the credit or
capital markets could adversely affect our clients ability to finance projects and could result in contract cancellations or suspensions,
project delays and payment delays or defaults by our clients. In addition, clients may be unable to fund new projects, may choose to
make fewer capital expenditures or otherwise slow their spending on our services or to seek contract terms more favorable to them. Our
government clients may face budget deficits that prohibit them from funding proposed and existing projects or that cause them to exercise
their right to terminate our contracts with little or no prior notice. In addition, any financial difficulties suffered by our subcontractors
or suppliers could increase our cost or adversely impact project schedules. These disruptions could materially negatively impact our
backlog and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Cybersecurity breaches of our systems and information
technology could adversely impact our ability to operate. 

We need to protect our own and
our clients internal trade secrets and other confidential business information from disclosure. We face the threat to our computer
systems of unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, organized cyberattacks and other security problems
and system disruptions, including possible unauthorized access to our and our clients proprietary, classified or confidential
information. We rely on industry-accepted security measures and technology to securely maintain all confidential and proprietary information
on our information systems. We have devoted and will continue to devote significant resources to the security of our computer systems,
but they are still vulnerable to these threats. A user who circumvents security measures can misappropriate confidential or proprietary
information, including information regarding us, our personnel and/or our clients, or cause interruptions or malfunctions in operations.
As a result, we can be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of these system disruptions and security
breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these disruptions and breaches. There has been an overall increase in the frequency and sophistication
of the cyber and security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced
and persistent, which may target us because we hold sensitive information. As a result, we and our vendors face a heightened risk of
a security breach or disruption resulting from an attack by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists. While we put
in place policies, controls and technologies to help detect and protect against such attacks, we cannot guarantee that future incidents
will not occur, and if an incident does occur, we may not be able to successfully mitigate the impact. We have been the target of these
types of attacks in the past and future attacks are likely to occur. If successful, these types of attacks on our network or other systems
or service failures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, due to, among
other things, the loss of client or proprietary data, interruptions or delays in our clients businesses and damage to our reputation.
In addition, the failure or disruption of our systems, communications, vendors, or utilities could cause us to interrupt or suspend our
operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if
our employees inadvertently do not adhere to appropriate information security protocols, our protocols are inadequate, or our employees
intentionally avoid these protocols, our or our clients sensitive information may be released, thereby causing significant negative
impacts to our reputation and exposing us or our clients to liability. Any of these events can damage our reputation and have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

31 

We rely on third-party internal and outsourced
software to run our critical accounting, project management and financial information systems. As a result, any sudden loss, disruption
or unexpected costs to maintain these systems could significantly increase our operational expense and disrupt the management of our
business operations. 

We rely on third-party software
to run our critical accounting, project management and financial information systems. We also depend on our software vendors to provide
long-term software maintenance support for our information systems. Software vendors may decide to discontinue further development, integration
or long-term software maintenance support for our information systems, in which case we may need to abandon one or more of our current
information systems and migrate some or all of our accounting, project management and financial information to other systems, thus increasing
our operational expense as well as disrupting the management of our business operations. 

Changes in tax laws could increase our tax
rate and materially affect our results of operations. 

We are subject to tax laws in
the U.S. It is not currently known what changes Congress, working with the President, may make to existing tax laws and how those changes
(if any) will affect the economy, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. These and other changes in
tax laws and regulations could increase our effective tax rate and harm our results of operations. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive
office, which is leased, is located at 13215 Bee Cave Parkway, Building B, Suite 230, Austin, Texas 78738. We do not own any significant
real property. We currently operate out of approximately 126 leased locations. Our lease terms vary from month-to-month to multi-year commitments.
We do not consider any of these leased properties to be materially important to our overall operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we are subject
to various legal proceedings that arise out of our normal course of business or otherwise. We are not currently a party to any legal
proceedings that, individually or in the aggregate, are expected to materially impact our business, financial position, results of operations
and cash flows, taken as a whole. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

32 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our Class A common stock
is listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol ATCX. . On March 13, 2023, the closing price per share of our Common Stock as reported
on the Nasdaq was 12.12. 

Holders of Record 

As of March 13, 2023, there
were approximately 44 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 56 holders of record of our Class B common stock. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash or
stock dividends on our Class A common stock to date. The payment of dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings,
if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any dividends will be within the discretion of the Board
at such time and the Board is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring stock dividends in the foreseeable future.
Further, under the terms of our debt agreements, our ability to declare dividends is restricted. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and
Affiliated Purchasers 

Neither we, nor any affiliated
purchaser, purchased any of our equity securities during the quarter ended December 30, 2022. 

ITEM
6. [reserved] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and accompanying notes included herein. This discussion
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating
results or financial position, our business strategy and plans, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number
of factors. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, economic and competitive conditions,
regulatory changes and other uncertainties, as well as those factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of which are difficult
to predict. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed may not occur. We assume no
obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. 

For purposes of this section,
 we, us, our, the Company and Atlas refers to Atlas Technical Consultants,
Inc. (formerly named Boxwood Merger Corp.) and its subsidiaries. The Atlas Business Combination (as defined below) was accounted for
as a reverse recapitalization where the Company was the legal acquirer but treated as the accounting acquiree. All references to operations
prior to the Atlas Business Combination reflect the results of Atlas Intermediate Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Atlas Intermediate and its subsidiaries. Since Atlas Intermediate was determined to be the accounting acquirer, the information
included below will include the results of Atlas Intermediate and its subsidiaries through the Atlas Business Combination and will include
the Company, including Atlas Intermediate, for transactions occurring after the Atlas Business Combination. 

This section of this
Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year
comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

33 

OVERVIEW 

Atlas Technical Consultants,
Inc. (the Company , We , or Atlas and formerly named Boxwood Merger Corp. Boxwood ))
was a blank check company, incorporated in Delaware on June 28, 2017. The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring, through a
merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, recapitalization, or other similar business transaction,
one or more operating businesses or assets. 

On February 14, 2020 (the Closing
Date ), the Company consummated its acquisition of Atlas Intermediate pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of August
12, 2019, as amended on January 22, 2020 (the Purchase Agreement ), by and among the Company, Atlas TC Holdings LLC, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company and a Delaware limited liability company Holdings ), Atlas TC Buyer LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Holdings and a Delaware limited liability company, Atlas Intermediate and Atlas Technical Consultants Holdings LP, a Delaware limited
partnership (the Seller ). The acquisition of Atlas Intermediate pursuant to the Purchase Agreement together with the other
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement is referred to herein as the Atlas Business Combination. 

Following the consummation of
the Atlas Business Combination, we are organized in an Up-C structure in which the business of Atlas Intermediate and its
subsidiaries is held by Holdings and continues to operate through the subsidiaries of Atlas Intermediate, and in which our only direct
assets consist of common units of Holdings (the Holdings Units ). We are the sole manager of Holdings in accordance with
the terms of the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Holdings entered into in connection with the consummation
of the Atlas Business Combination. 

Headquartered in Austin,
Texas, we are an infrastructure and environmental solutions company and a provider of professional testing, inspection, engineering,
environmental, program management and consulting services, offering solutions to public and private sector clients in the transportation,
commercial, water, government, education, industrial, healthcare and power markets. 

With approximately 126 offices
located throughout the United States, we provide a broad range of mission-critical technical services, helping our clients test,
inspect, plan, design, certify and manage a wide variety of projects across diverse end markets. 

We act as a trusted advisor
to our clients, helping our clients design, engineer, inspect, manage and maintain civil and commercial infrastructure, servicing existing
structures as well as helping to build new structures. However, we do not perform any construction and do not take any direct construction
risk. 

We provide a broad range
of mission-critical technical services, ranging from providing inspection services in small projects to managing significant aspects
of large, multi-year projects. For the year ended December 30, 2022, we: 

performed
 approximately 40,500 projects; and 

delivered
 approximately 90 of our revenue under time materials and cost-plus 
 contracts. 

We have long-term relationships
with a diverse set of clients, providing a base of repeating clients, projects and revenues. Approximately 90 of our revenues were derived
from clients that have used our services at least twice in the past three years and more than 95 of our revenues were generated from
client relationships longer than ten years, with greater than 25 of revenues generated from relationships longer than thirty years.
Examples of such long-term customers include the Texas and Georgia Departments of Transportation, U.S. Postal Service, Gwinnett
County Georgia, New York City Housing Authority, Stanford University, Port of Oakland, United Rentals, Inc., Speedway (7-Eleven),
Walmart Inc., Caltrans, Sound Transit, Phillips 66 and Google. 

Our services require a high
degree of technical expertise, as our clients rely on us to provide testing, inspection and quality assurance services to ensure that
structures are designed, engineered, built and maintained in accordance with building codes, regulations and the highest safety standards.
As such, our services are delivered by a highly-skilled, technical employee base that includes engineers, inspectors, scientists and
other field experts. As of December 30, 2022, our technical staff represented nearly 85 of our approximately 3,450 employees. Our services
are typically provided under contracts, some of which are long-term with long lead times between when contracts are signed and when
our services are performed. As such, we have a significant amount of contracted backlog, providing for a high degree of visibility with
respect to revenues expected to be generated from such backlog. As of December 30, 2022, our contracted backlog was estimated to be approximately
 877 million. See Backlog below for additional information relating to our backlog. 

34 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the recent accounting pronouncements. 

HOW WE EVALUATE OUR OPERATIONS 

We use a variety of financial
and other information in monitoring the financial condition and operating performance of our business. Some of this information is financial
information that is prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), while other information
may be financial in nature and may not be prepared in accordance with GAAP. Historical information is periodically compared to budgets,
as well as against industry-wide information. We use this information for planning and monitoring our business, as well as in determining
management and employee compensation. 

We evaluate our overall business
performance based primarily on a combination of four financial metrics: revenue, backlog, adjusted EBITDA and liquidity measures. These
are key measures used by our management team and Board to understand and evaluate our operational performance, to establish budgets and
to develop short and long-term operational goals. 

Revenue 

Revenues for services are derived
from billings under contracts (which are typically of short duration) that provide for specific time, material and equipment charges,
or lump sum payments and are reported net of any taxes collected from customers. We recognize revenue as it is earned at estimated collectible
amounts. 

Revenue is recognized as services
are performed and amounts are earned in accordance with the terms of a contract. We generally contract for services to customers based
on either hourly rates or a fixed fee. In such contracts, our efforts, measured by time incurred, typically are provided in less than
a year and represent the contractual milestones or output measure, which is the contractual earnings pattern. For contracts with fixed
fees, we recognize revenues as amounts become billable in accordance with contract terms, provided the billable amounts are consistent
with the services delivered and are earned. Expenses associated with performance of work may be reimbursed with a markup depending on
contractual terms. Revenues include the markup, if any, earned on reimbursable expenses. Reimbursements include billings for travel and
other out-of-pocket expenses and third-party costs, such as equipment rentals, materials, subcontractor costs and outside laboratories,
which is included in cost of revenues in the accompanying combined statement of income. 

Backlog 

We define backlog to include
the total estimated future revenue streams associated with fully executed contracts as well as an estimate of highly probable revenues
from recurring, task order-based contracts. 

We use backlog to evaluate Company
revenue growth as it typically follows growth in backlog. As backlog is not a defined accounting term, our computation of backlog may
not be comparable with that of our peers. 

Adjusted EBITDA 

We view adjusted EBITDA, which
is a non-GAAP financial measure, as an important indicator of performance. We define adjusted EBITDA as net income before interest expense,
income taxes, depreciation and amortization and adjustments for certain one- time or non-recurring items adjustments. For more information
on adjusted EBITDA, as well as a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, please see Non-GAAP Financial
Measures below. 

35 

COMPONENTS AND FACTORS AFFECTING OUR OPERATING
RESULTS 

Revenue 

We generate revenue primarily
by providing infrastructure-based testing, inspection, certification, engineering, and compliance services to a wide range of public-
and private-sector clients. Our revenue consists of both services provided by our employees and pass-through fees from subcontractors
and other direct costs. 

Subcontractor Costs and Other Costs of Revenues 

Total costs of revenues reflects
subcontractor costs, the cost of personnel and specifically identifiable costs associated with revenue, and other direct costs. 

Operating Expense 

Total operating expense includes
corporate expenses, including personnel, occupancy, and administrative expenses, including depreciation and amortization and changes
in fair value of contingent consideration. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense consists of
contractual interest expense on outstanding debt obligations including amortization of deferred financing costs and other related financing
expenses. 

Income Tax Expense 

Following the consummation of
the Atlas Business Combination, we are organized in an Up-C structure in which the business of Atlas Intermediate and its
subsidiaries is held by Holdings and will continue to operate through the subsidiaries of Atlas Intermediate, and in which our only direct
assets consist of common units of Holdings. We are the sole manager of Holdings in accordance with the terms of the Holdings LLC Agreement
entered into in connection with the consummation of the Atlas Business Combination. 

Previously, Atlas Intermediate
was treated as a partnership for federal and state income tax purposes with all income tax liabilities and/or benefits of the Company
being passed through to the partners and members. As such, no recognition of federal or state income taxes have been provided for in
the accompanying consolidated financial statements with the exception of income taxes relating to the C-Corp subsidiaries directly owned
by Atlas Intermediate and the State of Texas Margin tax. 

Subsequent to the Atlas Business
Combination, income taxes relating to the C-Corps owned directly by Atlas Intermediate and the State of Texas Margin tax are considered
within the provision of non-controlling interest as it is generated through the results of Atlas Intermediate and its subsidiaries. 

Net Income (loss) 

Net income from continuing operations
reflects our operating income after taking into account costs and expenses for a given period, while excluding any gain or loss from
discontinued operations. 

Provision for Non-controlling Interest 

Our ownership and voting structure
are comprised of holders of our Class A common stock that participate 100 in the results of Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. and 96.6 
in Atlas Intermediate and its subsidiaries and holders of our Class B common stock that participate in the results of Atlas Intermediate
and its subsidiaries until their Class B common stock is converted to Class A common stock. In connection with the Atlas Business Combination,
it was determined that the results of Atlas Intermediate and its subsidiaries would be fully consolidated within the results of the Company. 

Due to the participation
of the holders of our Class B common stock in the results of Atlas Intermediate and subsidiaries, a non-controlling interest was deemed
to exist. Consolidated net income (loss) includes earnings attributable to both the stockholders and the non-controlling interests. 

36 

The provision for non-controlling
interest relates to pre-tax income subsequent to the Atlas Business Combination and includes a pro-rata share of taxes as federal and
state income taxes relating to the C-Corps directly owned by Atlas Intermediate and the State of Texas Margin tax as it is generated
through the results of Atlas Intermediate and its subsidiaries. 

Upon the close of the Atlas
Business Combination, the holders of our Class B common stock participated in 80.6 of the results of Atlas Intermediate and its subsidiaries.
This percentage has declined since the Atlas Business Combination due to the exchange of Atlas Intermediate units, together with Class
B common shares, for Class A common stock as contractual lock-ups have expired and the exchange of our public and private placement warrants
for Class A common stock during November and December 2020 because of our tender offer and warrant exchange. 

Redeemable Preferred Stock Dividends 

On February 14, 2020, in connection
with the consummation of the Atlas Business Combination, Holdings and GSO COF III AIV-2 LP GSO AIV-2 entered into a subscription
agreement (the Subscription Agreement pursuant to which GSO AIV-2 purchased 145,000 units of a new class of Series A Senior
Preferred Units of Holdings (the Preferred Units at a price per Preferred Unit of 978.21, for an aggregate cash purchase
price of 141,840,450, which represented a 2.179 original issue discount on the Preferred Units (such purchase, the GSO Placement ). 

The GSO Placement was made pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

On February 25, 2021, the
Company, in its capacity as the managing member of Holdings, entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Holdings LLC Agreement to allow Holdings,
at the direction of the Board, to redeem all of the Preferred Units at any time using the proceeds from the refinancing of the Atlas
Credit Agreement (as defined below) and entry into the Credit Agreements (as defined below). 

On February 25, 2021, following
the execution of Amendment No. 1 to the Holdings LLC Agreement, Holdings elected to redeem all of the 145,000 Preferred Units then outstanding
and held by GSO AIV-2 for 1,084.96 per Preferred Unit for a total redemption price of 157.4 million which included dividends accrued
for as of December 31, 2020 (the Redemption ). Following the Redemption, (i) the Preferred Units are no longer deemed outstanding,
(ii) all dividends on the Preferred Units ceased to accrue, and (iii) all rights of the holders thereof as holders of Preferred Units
ceased and terminated, except for the right to receive payment under the Redemption. 

Net Income (loss) Attributable to Class A Common
Stock (Previously Members) 

Net income (loss) attribution
to holders of our Class A common stock represents our results after the provision for non-controlling interest, the effect of all taxes
under the Up-C structure for the period subsequent to the Atlas Business Combination, and dividends due on redeemable preferred stock. 

Net income (loss) for the historical
results of Atlas Intermediate prior to the Atlas Business Combination are also reported within this line item. 

37 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview of Financial Results 

During the year ended December
30, 2022, we continued to execute on our growth strategy increasing revenues by 12 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Organic
growth was 7 as we capitalize on strong market demand for infrastructure and environmental professional services, continue to win larger
projects and benefit from our expanded service capabilities with two new acquisitions in 2022. We also maintained our gross margins rates
compared to the prior year. As the Company grows, we continue to see economies of scale with our efficient overhead structure which has
resulted in significantly higher operating income compared to the prior year. 

We are focusing on providing
infrastructure and environmental professional services without undertaking direct construction risk. Our environmental technical expertise
continues to position us to assist our clients in addressing their ongoing Environmental, Social and Governance ESG objectives
and maintaining compliance with local laws and regulations. 

Backlog has grown to a record
 877 million driven by key transportation, government and power contracts. 

Merger Agreement 

On January 30, 2023, the
Company entered into the Merger Agreement with Parent and the Merger Sub. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will be merged
with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving company in the Merger. Parent and Merger Sub are controlled by
investment funds advised by GI Partners. 

The Company s board
of directors (the Board has unanimously determined that the Merger Agreement is in the best interests of the Company and
its stockholders, and declared it advisable, to enter into the Merger Agreement and consummate the Merger, approved and declared advisable
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, directed that the adoption of the Merger Agreement
be submitted for consideration by the Company s stockholders at a meeting thereof and resolved to recommend that the Company s
stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement. 

Solicitation 

From and after January 30,
2023, the Company must comply with customary non-solicitation restrictions, except that the Company may engage in discussions, negotiations
and other otherwise prohibited activities with any party from which the Company receives an unsolicited competing acquisition proposal
that the Board determines constitutes, or would reasonably likely lead to, a Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and
if the failure to take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the directors fiduciary duties. 

Subject to certain exceptions,
the Board is required to recommend that the Company s stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement and may not withhold, withdraw, amend,
qualify or modify in a manner adverse to Parent such recommendation or take certain similar actions that are referred to in the Merger
Agreement as a Company Board Recommendation Change . However, the Board may, before the adoption of the Merger Agreement
by the Company s stockholders, make a Company Board Recommendation Change in connection with a Superior Proposal or Intervening
Event (as defined in the Merger Agreement) if the Company complies with certain notice and other requirements set forth in the Merger
Agreement. Upon closing, the Company will no longer be a publicly traded company. 

Financing 

Funds advised by GI Partners
each committed to provide capital to Parent with an equity contribution of 1,068,000,000, subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in the equity commitment letter, and have each agreed to fund certain other obligations of Parent and Merger Sub in connection with the
Merger, including payment of a termination fee of 45,750,000 from Parent, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in that certain
limited guarantee agreement in favor of the Company. The net proceeds contemplated by the equity commitment letter will in the aggregate
be sufficient for Parent and Merger Sub to pay the aggregate Per Share Price, the equity award consideration and any other amount (including
fees or expenses) required to be paid by Parent or Merger Sub in connection with the consummation of the Merger and the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

38 

Consolidated Results of Operations 

The following table represents
our selected results of operations for the periods indicated (in thousands, except per share data). 

For the Year Ended 

December 30, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 604,765 
 538,799 
 
 Subcontractor costs 
 (127,691 
 (102,035 
 
 Other costs of revenues 
 (198,332 
 (181,967 

Gross Profit 
 278,742 
 254,797 

Operating expenses: 

Personnel costs and benefits 
 (137,130 
 (128,612 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 (70,912 
 (72,026 
 
 Change in fair value of earnouts 
 1,518 
 (2,823 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (32,177 
 (23,700 

Total Operating expenses 
 (238,701 
 (227,161 

Operating income (loss) 
 40,041 
 27,636 

Interest expense 
 (46,363 
 (54,817 

Loss before income taxes 
 (6,322 
 (27,181 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (1,748 
 (2,524 

Net loss 
 (8,070 
 (29,705 

Provision for non-controlling interest 
 565 
 13,216 

Redeemable preferred stock dividends 
 - 
 (5,899 

Net loss attributable to Class A common stock shareholders/members 
 (7,505 
 (22,388 

(Loss) Per Class A common share 
 (0.21 
 (0.81 

Weighted average of shares outstanding: 

Class A common shares (basic and diluted) 
 36,308,926 
 27,799,511 

39 

Comparison of the Year Ended December 30, 2022
to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 : 

Revenue 

Revenue for the year ended December
30, 2022 increased by 66.0 million, or 12.2 , to 604.8 million as compared to 538.8 million for the corresponding prior year period.
The acquisitions of TranSmart and 1 Alliance contributed 27.0 million to the Company s revenues for the year ended December 30,
2022. Additionally, we have experienced growth in revenues in transportation projects as we expand our services across new geographies
and expand our range of services to existing customers and have been successful in updating and increasing our pricing with customers
to mitigate greater U.S. labor issues. 

Subcontractor Costs 

Subcontractor costs for the
year ended December 30, 2022 increased 25.7 million, or 25.1 , to 127.7 million, as compared to 102.0 million for the corresponding
prior year period. The increase is due to the increase in revenues and the timing of work where subcontractor costs are required. During
the year ended December 30, 2022, there was an increase in the percentage of subcontractor costs compared to revenues from 18.9 in the
prior year to 21.1 in the current year. This percentage varies from period to period based on the timing of large projects that require
higher percentage subcontractor use but has historically been 20 over a number of periods. 

Other Costs of Revenues and Gross Profit 

Other costs of revenue for the
year ended December 30, 2022 increased 16.4 million, or 9.0 , to 198.3 million, as compared to 182.0 million for the corresponding
prior year period. The increase in other cost of revenues was due to the increase in revenues and was consistent as a percentage of revenues
for each year. The company has been able to achieve consistent gross margins with a significant amount of work done on a cost reimbursable
basis along with other projects where pricing increases have been achieved. 

Operating Expense 

Operating expense for the year
ended December 30, 2022 increased by 11.5 million, or 5.1 , to 238.7 million as compared to 227.2 million for the corresponding prior
year period. For the year ended December 30, 2022, operating expense, as a percentage of revenue, decreased to 39.5 from 42.2 for the
year ended December 31, 2021 as the Company has been able to scale the business and manage costs. Depreciation and amortization expense
increased due to the additional intangible assets recorded in connection with the acquisitions completed since December 31, 2021. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense for the
year ended December 30, 2022 decreased by 8.5 million, or -15.4 , to 46.4 million, as compared to 54.8 million for the corresponding
prior year period. The prior year period included a write-off of deferred financing costs of 15.2 million in connection with the Atlas
2021 Credit Agreement, which were completed in 2021. Excluding this from the prior period results in interest expense increasing 6.7
million from the additional debt related to the costs of the acquisitions completed since December 31, 2021 as well as an approximate
2 increase in the average borrowing rate as the Company s debt is partly based on LIBOR rates which have increased over the prior
period. 

40 

Income Tax Expense 

Income tax expense for the year
ended December 30, 2022 was 1.7 million, compared to income tax expense of 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company s
overall effective tax rate is low as the Company is in a loss position and does not have prior year income taxes to apply the losses
to and recover prior taxes. 

Provision for Non-controlling Interest 

The provision for non-controlling
interest for the year ended December 30, 2022 decreased by 12.6 million or -95.7 to 0.6 million from 13.2 million for the corresponding
period as a function of the level of participation of the non-controlling interests which was 5.9 in the current period compared to
22.7 in the prior period. 

Redeemable Preferred Stock Dividends 

We redeemed the Preferred Units
in February 2021 and therefore had no redeemable preferred stock dividends for the year ended December 30, 2022. Redeemable preferred
stock dividends for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 5.9 million. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 

Adjusted EBITDA 

We view adjusted EBITDA, which
is a non-GAAP financial measure, as an important indicator of performance. We define adjusted EBITDA as net income before interest expense,
provision for income taxes, depreciation, and amortization, further adjusted to reflect non-cash equity compensation as well as certain
one-time or non-recurring items. 

We believe adjusted EBITDA is
a useful performance measure because it allows for an effective evaluation of our operating performance when compared to our peers, without
regard to our financing methods or capital structure. We exclude the items listed above from net income in arriving at adjusted EBITDA
because these amounts are either non-recurring or can vary substantially within the industry depending upon accounting methods and book
values of assets, capital structures and the method by which the assets were acquired. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an
alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income determined in accordance with GAAP. Certain items excluded from adjusted EBITDA are
significant components in understanding and assessing a company s financial performance, such as a company s cost of capital
and tax structure, as well as the historic costs of depreciable assets, none of which are reflected in adjusted EBITDA. Our presentation
of adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an indication that results will be unaffected by the items excluded from adjusted EBITDA.
Our computations of adjusted EBITDA may not be identical to other similarly titled measures of other companies. 

41 

The following table presents
reconciliations of adjusted EBITDA to net income, our most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance
with GAAP. 

For
 the Year Ended 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in millions) 

Net (loss)
 income 

(8.1) 

(29.7) 
 
 Interest (1) 

46.4 

54.8 

Taxes 

1.7 

2.5 

Depreciation and amortization 

33.0 

23.7 

EBITDA 

73.0 

51.3 

One time legal/transaction
 costs and other non-recurring charges (2) 

4.2 

10.3 

Non-cash change in fair
 value of contingent consideration 

1.5 

5.8 

Non-cash equity compensation (3) 

8.5 

5.8 

Adjusted EBITDA 

87.2 

73.2 

(1) 
 Includes
 15.2 million of write-offs relating to deferred financing fees for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(2) 
 Includes
 costs associated with lease accruals related to moving to a hybrid workforce, employee separation charges, professional service-related
 fees such as legal, accounting, tax, valuation and other consulting as well as other M A activity. Additionally, it includes
 costs related to the COVID-19 pandemic and other non-recurring expenses. 

(3) 
 Includes
 the amortization of unvested restricted share units, performance share units and stock options granted in 2020, 2021 and 2022 to
 key management personnel and our compensation to our Board of Directors. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Our primary sources of liquidity
and capital resources are our cash and cash equivalents balances, cash flow from operations, borrowings under the Credit Agreements (as
defined below), and access to financial markets. Our principal uses of cash are operating expenses, working capital requirements, capital
expenditures, repayment of debt and acquisition expenditures. We believe our sources of liquidity, including cash flow from operations,
existing cash and cash equivalents and borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreements will be sufficient to meet projected cash requirements
for at least the next twelve months. 

As of December 30, 2022, we
had total liquidity of 52.8 million compared to liquidity of 50.7 million as of December 31, 2021. 

The Company has experienced
increased working capital outflows relating to the increase in interest charges and from overall growth in operations. 

On June 6, 2022, we entered
into an interest rate cap as described in Note 6 Long-Term Debt to the consolidated financial statements
to hedge against the risk of Adjusted LIBOR exceeding 3 . 

On August 4, 2022, we entered
into an agreement to amend the ABL Revolver Agreement to increase the revolving credit facility to 60.0 million as described in Note
6 Long-Term Debt to the consolidated financial statements. 

Cash Flows 

The following table sets forth
our cash flows for the periods indicated. 

For the Year Ended 

December 30, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 2,198 
 29,104 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (38,120 
 (36,547 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 31,024 
 4,078 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (4,898 
 (3,365 

42 

Comparison of the Year Ended December 30, 2022
to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Cash and Cash Equivalents. 

At December 30, 2022 and December
31, 2021, we had 5.8 million and 10.7 million of cash and cash equivalents, respectively. 

Operating Activities 

Cash flow from operating activities
is primarily generated from operating income from our professional and technical testing, inspection, engineering and consulting services. 

Net cash provided by operating
activities was 2.2 million for the year ended December 30, 2022, compared to 29.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
decrease of 26.9 million was primarily due to higher interest expense and a higher use of cash related to working capital. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities
was 38.1) million for the year ended December 30, 2022, compared to 36.5) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The usage
of cash was related to our acquisitions of TranSmart and 1 Alliance in March 2022 and other capital expenditures. The prior year period
included the cash cost of the AEL and O Neill acquisitions which were slightly higher cash outflows compared to the current period
acquisitions. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was 31.0 million for the year ended December 30, 2022, compared to 4.1 million provided by during the year ended December
31, 2021. The 26.9 million increase to net cash provided by financing activities was due to borrowings on the Term Loan and Line of
Credit to fund the 2022 acquisitions described above and to fund operations. 

Working Capital 

Working capital, or current
assets less current liabilities, increased by 20.9 million, or 25.6 , to 102.2 million at December 30, 2022 from 81.3 million at December
31, 2021. This increase was due primarily to the acquisitions in 2022. 

Debt Arrangements 

On February 25, 2021, Atlas
Intermediate, as the borrower, entered into two new credit facilities consisting of (i) a 432.0 million senior secured term loan at
closing and, subject to the satisfaction of certain terms and conditions, a committed delayed draw term loan facility to be used for
future acquisitions, within 18 months of February 25, 2021 and subject to certain conditions, in an aggregate principal amount of up
to 75.0 million, of which 61 million was used (no remaining amounts are available as the 18 month period has expired), and an uncommitted
incremental term loan facility that may be incurred after closing (the Term Loan pursuant to a Credit Agreement dated
February 25, 2021, by and among Holdings, Atlas Intermediate, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral
agent, and certain lenders thereto, including certain Blackstone entities, which may include, Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors
LP, and its managed funds and accounts, and its affiliates, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. and its affiliates, and/or certain
other of their respective funds, accounts, clients managed, advised or sub-advised, or any of their respective affiliates (the Term
Loan Agreement and (ii) a 40.0 million senior secured revolver which aggregate principal amount may be increased, subject to
the satisfaction of certain terms and conditions, including obtaining commitments therefor, by up to 20.0 million (the Revolver pursuant to the Credit Agreement dated February 25, 2021, by and among Holdings, Intermediate, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative
agent, swingline lender, issuing bank, lender, sole bookrunner and sole lead arranger (the ABL Revolver Agreement, and
together with the Term Loan Agreement, collectively the Credit Agreements ). The Term Loan Agreement refinances the Credit
Agreement dated as of February 14, 2020, with Macquarie Capital Funding LLC, as administrative agent and certain lenders Atlas
Credit Agreement ), which repayment was effectuated partially in cash and partially by way of a cashless exchange of existing term
loans and preferred equity for Term Loans. 

The Term Loan Agreement and
ABL Revolver Agreement are collectively referred to as the Credit Agreements by the Company. 

The initial Term Loan will mature
on February 25, 2028 and the Revolver will mature on February 25, 2026. 

On August 4, 2022, Holdings,
Intermediate, certain subsidiaries of Holdings (collectively with Holdings and Intermediate, the Loan Parties and the
Administrative Agent (as defined below) entered into the First Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement Amendment ),
which amends that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2021 by and among the Loan Parties and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.,
as administrative agent, swingline lender, issuing bank, lender, sole bookrunner and sole lead arranger (the Administrative Agent ).
The Credit Agreement Amendment amended the Credit Agreement to, among other matters, increase the revolving credit facility thereunder
by 20.0 million to an aggregate principal amount of 60.0 million. 

43 

Interest on any outstanding
borrowings is payable monthly under the ABL Revolver Agreement, quarterly under the Term Loan Agreement or, in each case, at the end
of the applicable interest period in arrears. The cash interest rates under the Term Loan Agreement will be equal to either (i) the Adjusted
LIBO Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement), plus 5.50 , or (ii) an Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement),
plus 4.50 . In addition, the term loan requires an additional 2.0 interest that can be made at the option of the Company in cash or
payment-in-kind (PIK). The interest rates under the ABL Revolver Agreement will be equal to either (i) the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined
in the ABL Revolver Agreement), plus 2.50 , or (ii) the ABR (as defined in the ABL Revolver Agreement), plus 1.50 . 

The Credit Agreements are guaranteed
by Holdings and secured by (i) in the case of the ABL Revolver Agreement, a first priority security interest in the current assets, including
accounts receivable, of Holdings, Intermediate and its subsidiaries and (ii) in the case of the Term Loan Agreement, a pledge of the
equity interests of the subsidiaries of Holdings and Intermediate, and subject to the first lien security interest on current assets
under the Revolver, a first priority lien on substantially all other assets of Holdings, Intermediate and all of their direct and indirect
subsidiaries. 

The Term Loan Agreement contains
a financial covenant which requires Holdings, Atlas Intermediate and all of their direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis to maintain a Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in each of the Credit Agreements) tested on a quarterly basis that does not
exceed (i) 8.25 to 1.00 with respect to the fiscal quarters ending on April 2, 2021 and July 2, 2021, (ii) 8.00 to 1.00 for the fiscal
quarters ending October 1, 2021 and December 31, 2021, (iii) 7.50 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarters ending April 1, 2022 and July 1, 2022,
(iv) 7.25 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2022 and December 30, 2022, (v) 7.00 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarters ending
March 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023, (vi) 6.75 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarters ending September 29, 2023 and December 29, 2023, and (vii)
6.50 to 1.00 for March 29, 2024 and each fiscal quarter ending thereafter. 

The ABL Revolver Agreement contains
a springing financial covenant which requires Holdings, Intermediate and all their direct and indirect subsidiaries on
a consolidated basis to maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the ABL Revolver Agreement) of no less than 1.10 to 1.00
when the outstanding principal amount of loans under the Revolver exceeds 0 or the aggregate exposure for letters of credit under the
Revolver exceeds 5.0 million. 

The Company has been in compliance
with the terms of the Credit Agreements as of December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Our debt balances are summarized
as follows: 

December 30, 
 2022 

December 31, 
 2021 

(in thousands) 

Credit Agreements 

511,218 

473,392 

Less: Loan costs, net 

(6,951) 

(7,593) 
 
 Less current maturities
 of long-term debt 

(4,930) 

(3,606) 
 
 Long-term debt 

499,337 

462,193 

The following table presents,
in thousands, scheduled maturities of the Company s debt as of December 30, 2022: 

2023 

4,930 

2024 

4,930 

2025 

4,930 

2026 

4,930 

2027 

4,930 

Thereafter 

486,568 

511,218 

The Credit Agreements require
annual amortization of principal amounts of 1 or 2.5 depending on certain ratios. The Company is currently within the ratio that requires
1 annual amortization. Principal repayments commenced during the second quarter 2022. 

44 

Effective Interest Rate 

Our average effective interest
rate on our total debt, exclusive of amortization of deferred debt issuance costs, during the year ended December 30, 2022 and December
31, 2021 was 9.4 and 8.2 , respectively. 

Interest expense, inclusive
of amortization of deferred debt issuance costs, in the consolidated statements for the year ended December 30, 2022 and December 31,
2021 was 46.4 million and 54.8 million, respectively. If the amortization of deferred debt issuance costs were excluded, interest expense
would be 44.9 million and 39.6 million for the years ended December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Interest Rate Cap 

In June 2022, the Company
entered into a deferred premium interest rate cap which limits the Adjusted LIBOR rate noted above to 3 . The interest rate cap hedges
 500.0 million of debt and has a three-year term and will be paid for monthly at an annual rate of 0.69 or approximately 10.5 million
over the three-year period. As a result, the Company initially recorded an asset and a corresponding liability for 10.5 million. Six
monthly payments have been made as of December 30, 2022. The Company applies hedge accounting and records any change in fair value as
a component of stockholders equity. The fair value of the interest rate cap as of December 30, 2022 increased 9.1 million and
therefore there was a gain of 11.5 million recorded in OCI for the year ended December 30, 2022. The asset is included in other long-term
assets and the liability is recorded as an other current liability of 3.4 million and an other long-term liability of 4.9 million as
of December 30, 2022. The interest rate cap has already provided benefit to the Company with LIBOR rates exceeding 3 as of December
30, 2022. 

Other Commitments and Contingencies 

In connection with our acquisitions,
we may be required to pay earnout bonuses upon the achievement of certain performance targets. This amount may be paid in installments
over the first, second and third anniversaries of the acquisitions and may be paid in cash or stock. We have currently accrued 23.1
million as the fair value of that liability within our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 30, 2022. Actual payouts may vary based
on achievement of future results. 

As part of our self-insurance
policies, we are required to furnish standby letters of credit to our reinsurers. We had 3.7 million of standby letters of credit in
effect as of December 30, 2022. 

The Company enters into operating
leases relating to office space and equipment leases in the ordinary course of business. Remaining amounts due, in thousands, as
of December 30, 2022 are as follows: 

2023 

12,164 

2024 

8,069 

2025 

4,085 

2026 

2,654 

2027 

1,334 

Thereafter 

2,513 

30,819 

During 2020, the Company entered
into an agreement with its fleet management company pursuant to which it would receive rebates of 1.3 million to be repaid over three
years at an interest rate of 2.85 per annum. The rebates were secured by title to selected vehicles within the Company s owned
fleet of vehicles in Georgia and California. 

During the fourth quarter of
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into a similar agreement with its fleet management company in which it would receive
 1.6 million secured by vehicles owned by O Neill. Financial terms for the O Neill transaction were similar to the agreement
entered into during 2020. 

Remaining payments are as follows
(in millions): 

2023 
 0.7 
 
 2024 
 0.5 

1.2 

45 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could
materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Revenue Recognition 

Our accounting policies establish
principles for recognizing revenue upon the transfer of control of promised goods or services to customers. We generally recognize revenues
over time as performance obligations are satisfied. In the course of providing these services, we may subcontract for services and incur
other direct costs on behalf of our clients. These costs are passed through to clients, and in accordance with accounting rules, are
included in our revenue and cost of revenue. Please refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

Recent accounting pronouncements 

Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 30, 2022, we had no material off-balance sheet
arrangements. 

Effects of Inflation 

Based on the analysis of
the periods presented, we believe that inflation has not had a material effect on our operating results for the year ended December 30,
2022. However, interest rates have continued to rise and the additional interest expense expected to be paid over the next twelve months
will be higher than the previous twelve months. For every 1 increase in LIBOR, we would experience 5 million in additional interest
(see disclosures related to the interest rate cap entered into during the second quarter of 2022). In addition, the Company has experienced
higher costs to replace comparable employees as certain labor markets have tightened and for employees opting to return to work post
COVID-19. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The consolidated financial
statements and related notes required by this item are included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying
Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 30, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under
the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 30, 2022, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are
met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

46 

Management s Report
on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and
regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance
with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are
 being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting at December 30, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 30, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status
as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most
recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

47 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Brian K. Ferraioli 
 
 67 
 
 Executive Chairman and
 Director 
 
 L. Joe Boyer 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 
 
 R. Foster Duncan 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Leonard K. Lemoine 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 Daniel G. Weiss 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Thomas H. Henley 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Raquel G. Richmond 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 Collis Temple III 
 
 43 
 
 Director 
 
 David D. Quinn Sr. 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Kenneth J. Burns,
 Jr. 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Harshal B. Desai 
 
 44 
 
 Chief Growth Officer 
 
 Walter G. Powell 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 John Alex Mollere 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Administrative Officer 
 
 Jonathan M. Parnell 
 
 37 
 
 Chief Strategy Officer 

Brian K. Ferraioli
 has served as Executive Chairman of the Board, and as a director of the Company, since February 2020. Mr. Ferraioli is
also an Operating Partner at Bernhard Capital Partners, and has worked with the firm since 2019. Mr. Ferraioli served as Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of KBR, Inc., an engineering, construction and professional services company, from 2013 to
2017. Prior to KBR, Mr. Ferraioli was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at The Shaw Group, Inc. The Shaw
Group ), an engineering, technology and services company, from July 2007 to February 2013, when the company was acquired
by another public company which is now part of McDermott International, Ltd.. Prior to joining The Shaw Group, Mr. Ferraioli served
as Vice President and Controller of Foster Wheeler, AG, a global engineering conglomerate which is now part of John Wood Group, PLC. Mr. Ferraioli
is a director and former chair of the audit committee of Vistra Corp. a leading Fortune 275 integrated retail electricity and power generation
company. Mr. Ferraioli also previously served as a director and chair of the audit committee for Team, Inc., Charah Solutions, Inc.,
and Babcok Wilcox Enterprises. Mr. Ferraioli has approximately 40 years of experience in senior finance and accounting
roles in the engineering and technical services industries and is also a National Association of Corporate Directors Governance Fellow.
Mr. Ferraioli received his B.S. in accounting from Seton Hall University and his M.B.A. from Columbia University. The Board believes
Mr. Ferraioli s extensive leadership experience as both an executive and director of engineering and technical services companies,
in addition to his wealth of knowledge pertaining to public company corporate governance, provides significant contributions to the Board. 

L. Joe Boyer has
served as a director since February 2020 and as the Company s Chief Executive Officer since October 2017. Prior to becoming the
Company s Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Boyer served as a consultant to Bernhard Capital Partners in connection with its infrastructure
delivery services business from August 2016 to October 2017. From March 2013 to February 2016, Mr. Boyer was Chief Executive Officer
of Atkins North American arm. From 2003 to 2013, Mr. Boyer held several senior management positions at Shaw Environmental 
Infrastructure, most notably as President for its Federal Division. Mr. Boyer served on the Board of Directors and Compensation Committee
of Municipal Utility District 5 in Austin from 2016 to 2017. Mr. Boyer holds an M.B.A. from Pepperdine University and a B.S. in Architectural
Engineering from The University of Texas at Austin. The Board believes Mr. Boyer s leadership roles within our Company and his
extensive industry experience provide an exceptional breadth and depth of knowledge and understanding of both our Company and the professional
testing, inspection, engineering, environmental and consulting industry as a whole. 

48 

R. Foster Duncan
 has served as a director of the Company since February 2020. Mr. Duncan joined Bernhard Capital Partners as an Operating
Partner in December 2013. Mr. Duncan has more than 30 years of senior corporate, private equity and investment banking
experience. Previously, Mr. Duncan held various positions in the private equity industry, including Managing Member of KD Capital
L.L.C., an affiliate of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. L.P. KKR ), a global investment firm. Mr. Duncan was
located in KKR s New York office and worked exclusively with KKR and its portfolio companies in connection with creating value
and identifying and investing in the energy, utility, natural resources and infrastructure sectors. Previously, Mr. Duncan was Executive
Vice President and CFO of Cinergy Corporation Cinergy ), a Fortune 250 energy and utility company, Chairman of Cinergy s
Investment Committee and CEO and President of Cinergy s Commercial Business Unit. Prior to his time at Cinergy, he held senior
management positions with LG E Energy Corp., a utilities company, as a member of the Office of the Chairman and Executive Vice President
and CFO. Mr. Duncan serves on the board of directors of Atlantic Power Corporation in Boston, Massachusetts where he is chairman
of the audit committee, and is also a member of the compensation, operating and nominating and governance committees. He also previously
served as a director of Essential Power, LLC, a portfolio company of Industry Funds Management (US), LLC and the Advisory Council of
Greentech Capital Advisors in New York. Mr. Duncan graduated with distinction from the University of Virginia and received
his M.B.A. from the A.B. Freeman Graduate School of Business at Tulane University. The Board believes Mr. Duncan s extensive
financial and executive leadership experience brings invaluable expertise and skill to the Board. 

Leonard K. Lemoine
 has served as a director of the Company since February 2020. Mr. Lemoine is the President and Chief Executive Officer of
the Lemoine Company, LLC Lemoine ), a position he has held since January 2011. Mr. Lemoine founded Lemoine in 1975
and the company has steadily grown from a small construction company to one of the most respected, full-service contracting and
construction management firms in the Southeastern United States. Lemoine constructs and manages projects ranging from minor interior
renovations to some of the most complex healthcare facilities, commercial public and industrial landmarks in the Southeastern United States.
Mr. Lemoine received his B.S. from Louisiana State University in 1979. The Board believes Mr. Lemoine provides valuable insights
to the Board due to his extensive expertise and understanding of the construction management industry built through decades of industry
experience. 

Daniel G. Weiss has
served as a director of the Company since February 2020. Mr. Weiss has been co-founder and Managing Partner of
Angeleno Group LLC AG ), a Los Angeles-based private equity firm with a global platform focused on high growth
investments in next generation clean energy and climate solutions technology companies, since AG s founding in 2001. In
addition to his firm management responsibilities, Mr. Weiss leads investments and serves on boards of multiple AG portfolio
companies. Prior to the formation of AG, Mr. Weiss was an attorney at O Melveny Myers in Los Angeles from 1998
to 1999. Mr. Weiss has served as a member of the board of directors of TPI Composites, Inc., a renewable energy manufacturing
company, since 2009. Currently, Mr. Weiss serves on boards or public commissions for a number of non-profit and government
organizations including the California Community Foundation, World Resources Institute, and the UCLA Institute of the Environment
and Sustainability (where he serves as co-Chair).
Mr. Weiss holds a J.D. from Stanford Law School, an M.A. from Stanford University and a B.A. with high honors from
U.C. Berkeley. The Board believes Mr. Weiss brings to the Board a deep understanding of both the private and public
sectors in which the Company operates, as well as unique and valuable expertise in the environmental and sustainability space. 

Thomas H. Henley
 has served as a director of the Company since March 2020. Mr. Henley joined Bernhard Capital Partners as a member of the
firm s Investment Committee in February 2019. Prior to Bernhard Capital Partners, Mr. Henley served as the Senior Managing
Director of Strategic Opportunities for the UAW Retiree Medical Benefits Trust, a purchaser of retiree healthcare benefits, from March 2016
to February 2019. Mr. Henley currently serves as a member of the board of directors for Lazarus Energy Holdings, an investment
holding company, and has served in such capacity since 2006. Mr. Henley received his B.S. in Petroleum Engineering from Stanford
University and his M.B.A. from the Anderson Graduate School of Management at UCLA. The Board believes Mr. Henley s advisory
and investment experience and business acumen brings important insight to the Board. 

49 

Raquel G. Richmond
 has served as a director of the Company since November 2020. Ms. Richmond has been a Senior Account Manager at Greenup Industries,
LLC since January 2019 and has been a realtor for Greenup Associates, LLC in New Orleans since June 2015. Ms. Richmond
previously served as the President of Rock Consulting Services, LLC in New Orleans and as Project Manager at the U.S. Army Corps
of Engineers on the Hurricane Storm Damage Risk Reduction System (HSDRRS), a 14 billion infrastructure system in Southern Louisiana.
Ms. Richmond has over fifteen years of experience working on federal, state and local infrastructure projects and over twenty years
of experience in the professional services sector. She holds an M.A. in Education Administration and a B.A. in Psychology, both from
the University of New Orleans. The Board believes Ms. Richmond s extensive experience in the professional services sector and experience
with federal, state and local infrastructure projects brings significant contributions to the Board. 

Collis Temple, III
 has served as a director of the Company since April 2021. Mr. Temple is a National Sales Director and agency owner with
Primerica, an international financial and insurance services organization, where he has held various leadership positions of increasing
responsibility since joining in 2004. Mr. Temple has served on the Louisiana Board of Regents since 2015, on the board of directors
of the Knock Knock Children s Museum since 2018 and on the 100 Black Men of Metro Baton Rouge and Career Compass since 2010. He
also served on the board of directors of Mary Bird Perkins Cancer Center from 2018 to 2020. Mr. Temple received a B.S. in General
Business and a M.S. in Sports Management from Louisiana State University. The Board believes Mr. Temple brings significant leadership
experience and financial acumen to the Board, as well as a strong network of long-standing professional relationships built on decades
spent in the Southeastern United States. 

David D. Quinn Sr. has
served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since May 2020. Prior to becoming Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Quinn
served as the Company s Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs beginning in September 2019. Prior to joining the Company,
Mr. Quinn held multiple executive level financial, administrative and operational roles. Mr. Quinn spent much of his early
career, nearly 18 years, working within The Shaw Group family of companies, beginning in September 1996 with the OHM Corporation.
Mr. Quinn held the role of Vice President of Business Management with The Shaw Group when ultimately acquired by Chicago Bridge
and Iron in February 2013. In July 2013, Mr. Quinn joined Atkins North America where he served in the Chief Financial Officer,
Chief Operating Officer and Chief Executive Officer capacities. Mr. Quinn served on the Board of Directors of Atkins North America
from 2014 to 2019. Mr. Quinn obtained a B.A. in political science and economics from the University of Massachusetts, an M.B.A.
from Norwich University, an executive certificate in management and leadership from the MIT Sloan School of Management, and a leadership
certificate from the University of Oxford Sa d Business School. 

Kenneth J. Burns,
Jr. has served as the Company s Chief Operating Officer since July 2021. Mr. Burns has more than 33 years of
delivery experience that includes business operations, program and project delivery expertise, and strategy and sales for transportation
and infrastructure businesses. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Burns served as Chief Operating Officer for Atkins, NA Atkins from June 2019 to June 2021 and as DOT Business Unit Director for Atkins from 2016 to June 2019. In overseeing Atkins 
business units, Mr. Burns established a strong operational and financial performance matrix and ensured compliance with safety,
quality, commercial and operational protocols. Mr. Burns is a proven leader with extensive management and operational experience
delivering for diverse clients including private, local, state, and federal agencies. Before becoming Chief Operating Officer at Atkins,
Mr. Burns managed the two largest national business for Atkins spanning the transportation and municipal infrastructure industries.
A graduate of the University of Tennessee, he holds a B.S. in civil engineering and is registered as a professional engineer in seven
states and the territory of Guam. 

Harshal B. Desai has
served as the Company s Chief Growth Officer since March 2023 and is responsible for driving organic growth by focusing on major
accounts and marquee projects in key end markets. Mr. Desai brings over 20 years of experience in the architectural engineering and construction
industry and has been involved with major infrastructure projects in U.S. and beyond, with end markets including transportation, water,
federal, and power. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Building Business Development and Strategy Director for Atkins 
beginning in 2015. Mr. Desai is a registered professional engineer with a B.S. in Civil Engineering from Gujarat University, and a Master s
in Civil Engineering from Purdue University. 

50 

Walter G. Powell has
served as the Company s Chief Accounting Officer since May 2020. Prior to becoming Chief Accounting Officer, Mr. Powell
served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer beginning in November 2017. Prior to becoming Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, Mr. Powell served as an audit partner with Deloitte Touche LLP for ten years, responsible for audits
of public and private companies ranging in size from 20 million in revenue to 40 billion in revenue. Mr. Powell holds
a B.S. in accounting from the University of New Orleans. He is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of
CPAs. 

John A. Mollere has
served as the Company s Chief Administrative Officer since January 2019. Mr. Mollere brings over 25 years of experience
and leadership in corporate administration. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Mollere served most recently as Chief Administrative
Officer of ATC Group Services, a leading environmental consulting and engineering firm with locations across the United States which
merged with the Company in 2019, from September 2005 to January 2019. There, Mr. Mollere led a diverse team of administrative
professionals including legal, risk management, health and safety, procurement, information technology, and marketing communications.
Prior to joining ATC Group Services, Mr. Mollere held a leadership position for over a decade in the risk management division of
Fortune 500 company, The Shaw Group (now part of McDermott International, Inc.), where he served in multiple management roles from August 1994
to September 2005. Mr. Mollere has a B.S. in Toxicology from Northeast Louisiana University and is a Certified Safety Professional. 

Jonathan M. Parnell
 has served as the Company s Chief Strategy Officer since February 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Parnell was Vice President Mergers
and Acquisitions since February 2020 and Director of M A and Integration from January 2019 to February 2020. Under
both roles, Mr. Parnell led the Company s Mergers Acquisitions department. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Parnell
was the Director of Mergers Acquisitions and Integration with ATC Group Services from April 2018 to January 2019
and Integration Manager for ATC from July 2016 to April 2018. Prior to ATC, he was the Commercial Manager for ARMS Reliability
from May 2015 to July 2016. Mr. Parnell holds a B.S. in Business Administration from Louisiana State University and an
M.B.A. from the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin. 

Information Concerning the Board, Committees
and Governance 

The Board is divided into
three classes with only one class of directors being elected each year. The term of office of the Class I directors, consisting
of Ms. Richmond and Messrs. Boyer and Ferraioli, will expire at the 2023 annual meeting. The term of office of the Class II directors,
consisting of Messrs. Duncan and Weiss, will expire at the 2024 annual meeting. The term of the Class III directors, consisting
of Messrs. Henley, Lemoine and Temple, will expire at the 2025 annual meeting. The NASDAQ listing standards require that a majority of
the Board be independent. The Board has determined that each of Ms. Richmond and Messrs. Duncan, Ferraioli, Henley, Lemoine, Temple and
Weiss are independent within the meaning of NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). In addition, the Board determined Mr. Boyer is
not independent due to his service as our Chief Executive Officer. 

We have adopted corporate
governance guidelines and charters for the Audit, Compensation and Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committees of
the Board intended to satisfy NASDAQ listing standards. We have also adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for our directors,
officers and employees intended to satisfy NASDAQ listing standards and the definition of a code of ethics set forth in
applicable SEC rules. Our corporate governance guidelines, code of business conduct and ethics and committee charters are available on
our website at www.oneatlas.com under the Investors tab. The information on our website is not part of or incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report. 

The Board held eight meetings
during 2022. During 2022, each of our incumbent directors attended at least 75 of the meetings of the Board held during the period in
which such incumbent director served on the Board. During 2022, Mr. Duncan served as the Chair of the Audit Committee of the Board
(the Audit Committee ). Mr. Weiss served as the Chair of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Henley served as the
Chair of the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee. We have a policy that all directors of the Board must attend
the annual meeting, absent unusual circumstances. In 2022, all of the then-current directors of the Board attended the annual meeting. 

51 

Committees of the Board 

Members of our Audit, Compensation,
and Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committees serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise
determined by the Board. 

Audit Committee 

The NASDAQ rules and Section 10A
of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. We have established
the Audit Committee, which consisted of Messrs. Duncan, Ferraioli and Temple, with Mr. Duncan serving as the Chair of the Audit Committee.
The Board has determined that each of Messrs. Duncan, Ferraioli and Temple meets the independent director standards under NASDAQ listing
standards and under Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. The Company also believes that each of Messrs. Duncan and Ferraioli
qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K
promulgated by the SEC. The Audit Committee held four meetings during 2022. During 2022, each member of the Audit Committee attended
at least 75 of the meetings occurring during such member s tenure on the Audit Committee. 

The principal functions
of the Audit Committee are detailed in the Audit Committee charter, which is available on the Company s website at www.oneatlas.com ,
under the Investors tab and include, among others: 

appointing the
 Company s independent registered public accounting firm; 

evaluating the
 independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, independence and performance; 

determining the
 engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

reviewing and
 approving the scope of the annual audit and the audit fee; 

discussing with
 management and the independent registered public accounting firm the results of the annual
 audit and reviewing the Company s quarterly financial statements; 

reviewing the
 scope and effectiveness of the Company s internal audit function and internal audit
 plan; 

overseeing the
 Company s processes relating to risk management and the conduct and systems of internal
 control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; 

approving the
 retention of the independent registered public accounting firm to perform any proposed permissible
 non-audit services; 

monitoring the
 rotation of partners of the independent registered public accounting firm on the Company s
 engagement team in accordance with requirements established by the SEC; 

being responsible
 for reviewing the Company s financial statements and the Company s management s
 discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations to be included in
 the Company s annual and quarterly reports to be filed with the SEC; and 

reviewing the
 Company s critical accounting policies and estimates. 

52 

Compensation Committee 

We have established the
Compensation Committee, which during 2022 consisted of Messrs. Duncan, Lemoine and Weiss, with Mr. Weiss serving as the Chair of
the Compensation Committee. The Board has determined that Messrs. Duncan, Lemoine and Weiss meet the independent director standards under
NASDAQ listing standards, including the heightened standards that apply to compensation committee members. The Compensation Committee
held five meetings during 2022. During 2022, each member of the Compensation Committee attended at least 75 of the meetings occurring
during such member s tenure on the Compensation Committee. 

The principal functions
of the Compensation Committee are detailed in the Compensation Committee charter, which is available on the Company s website at
 www.oneatlas.com , under the Investors tab and include, among others: 

reviewing and
 approving the compensation of the executive officers of the Company and such other employees
 of the Company as are assigned thereto by the Board; 

making recommendations
 to the Board with respect to standards for setting compensation levels; and 

making recommendations
 to the Board with respect to the incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans of the
 Company. 

The charter also provides
that the Compensation Committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel
or other advisor and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such advisor. However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other advisor, the Compensation Committee
will consider the independence of each such advisor, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC. 

Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability
Committee 

We have established the
Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee, which during 2022 consisted of Ms. Richmond and Messrs. Henley and Weiss,
with Mr. Henley serving as the Chair of the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee. The Board has determined
that each of Ms. Richmond and Messrs. Henley and Weiss meet the independent director standard under NASDAQ listing standards. The Nominating,
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee held three meetings in 2022, and each member of the Nominating, Corporate Governance
and Sustainability Committee during 2022 attended at least 75 of those meetings during such member s tenure on the Nominating,
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee. 

The principal functions
of the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee are detailed in the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability
Committee charter, which is available on the Company s website at www.oneatlas.com , under the Investors tab
and include, among others: 

identifying potential
 qualified nominees for director and nominate candidates for the Board; 

developing the
 Company s corporate governance guidelines and additional corporate governance policies;
 and 

reviewing and
 monitoring the Company s approach to sustainability, including related policies and
 other disclosures, and overseeing strategy and performance for material environmental and
 social topics, including climate change and human capital. 

The Nominating, Corporate
Governance and Sustainability Committee also develops and recommends to the Board corporate governance principles and practices and assists
in implementing them, including conducting a regular review of our corporate governance principles and practices. 

The Nominating, Corporate
Governance and Sustainability Committee has not established any minimum qualifications for non-employee director candidates that it recommends
for nomination. Subject to the Nomination Agreement discussed under Item 13 in this Annual Report, which provides certain of our stockholders
with rights to designate director nominees, the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee expects to use a variety
of methods for identifying and evaluating nominees for director. In recommending director nominees to the Board apart from those nominees
designated pursuant to the Nomination Agreement, the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee will identify and
screen director candidates (including incumbent directors for potential re-nomination and candidates recommended by stockholders in accordance
with the Company s policies as set forth in its proxy statement) consistent with criteria approved by the Board. 

53 

The Nominating, Corporate
Governance and Sustainability Committee may also engage the services and pay the fees of external counsel and expert advisors, at the
Company s expense, to assist it in identifying potential director nominees or otherwise carrying out its duties and responsibilities.
Subject to the Nomination Agreement, the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee will assess the appropriate size
of the Board and whether any vacancies on the Board are expected due to retirement or otherwise. If vacancies are anticipated, or otherwise
arise, and the designation provisions of the Nomination Agreement do not apply, the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability
Committee will consider whether and how to fill those vacancies and, if applicable, will consider various potential director candidates.
Since the Atlas Business Combination, the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability has nominated, and the Board has approved,
the appointment of two directors to the Board who are not affiliated with our sponsor, Boxwood Sponsor, LLC Boxwood Sponsor ),
thus increasing the number of independent directors on the Board under SEC and NASDAQ rules. Each of Messrs. Duncan, Henley, Ferraioli
and Lemoine was appointed to the Board pursuant to the Nomination Agreement. 

The Nominating, Corporate
Governance and Sustainability Committee has not adopted specific, minimum qualifications or specific qualities or skills that must be
met by a Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee-recommended nominee. The Nominating, Corporate Governance and
Sustainability Committee will seek to ensure that the membership of the Board and each committee of the Board satisfies all relevant
NASDAQ listing standard requirements and applicable laws and regulations and all requirements of our governance documents. The nature
of the specific qualifications, qualities, experience or skills (including international versus domestic background, diversity, age,
and legal and regulatory requirements) that the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee may look for in any particular
director nominee who is not a designee under the Nomination Agreement will depend on the qualifications, qualities and skills of the
rest of the directors at the time of any vacancy on the Board. The Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee does
not have a formal policy regarding the consideration of diversity in identifying director nominees beyond being seeking to establish
a board that contains a diversity of viewpoints, backgrounds and experiences. 

The Nominating, Corporate
Governance and Sustainability Committee will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during
such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting. Our stockholders that wish to nominate
a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a code of
business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible for financial
reporting. The code of business conduct and ethics is available on our website at www.oneatlas.com , under the Investors 
tab. The Company intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K relating to amendments to or waivers from
any provision of the code of business conduct and ethics applicable to the principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer and other persons performing similar functions by posting such information in the Investors 
subsection of the Company s website at www.oneatlas.com. 

Insider Trading and Policy on Hedging or Pledging
of Stock 

We have adopted an insider
trading policy that contains stringent restrictions on transactions in Company stock by executive officers, directors and certain other
Company personnel. All trades by executive officers and directors must be pre-cleared and may only occur during a quarterly permitted
period based on the timing of the release of the Company s quarterly or annual financial results. Senior personnel of the Company
are prohibited from selling any equity security of the Company if such person either (a) does not own the security sold or (b) does
not deliver the security against such sale within twenty days thereafter or does not within five days after such sale deposit
the security in the mails or other usual channels of transportation. Further, senior personnel of the Company are prohibited from purchasing,
selling or engaging in any other transaction involving any derivative securities related to any equity securities of the Company. A derivative
security includes any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right or similar security with an exercise or
conversion price or other value related to the value of any equity security of the Company. 

54 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk
Oversight 

Brian Ferraioli serves as
the Chairman of the Board and L. Joe Boyer serves as our Chief Executive Officer. We believe that the most effective leadership
structure at the present time is to have separate Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions because this allows the Board to benefit
from having two strong voices bringing separate views and perspectives to meetings. The Board periodically reviews the leadership structure
and may make changes in the future. 

The Board is responsible
for overseeing the overall risk management process of the Company. Risk management is considered a strategic activity within the Company
and responsibility for managing risk currently rests with executive management, while the Board participates in the oversight of the
process. The oversight responsibility of the Board is enabled by management reporting processes designed to provide visibility to the
Board about the identification, assessment and management of critical risks. Those areas of focus include strategic, operational, financial
and reporting, compliance and other risks. The Audit Committee enhances the Board s oversight of risk management and discusses
with management, the independent auditor and the internal auditor policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including
significant operating and financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor, control and report such exposures.
Further, the Compensation Committee enhances the Board s oversight of risk management by considering the impact of the Company s
compensation plans, and the incentives created by the Company s compensation plans, on the Company s risk profile. 

Stockholder and Interested Party Communications 

Stockholders are invited
to communicate to the Board or its committees by writing to: Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc., Attention: Board of Directors, c/o L. Joe
Boyer, Chief Executive Officer and Director, 13215 Bee Cave Parkway, Building B, Suite 230, Austin, Texas 78738. In addition, interested
parties may communicate with the Chairman of the Board or with the non-management and independent directors of the Board as a group by
writing to: Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc., Attention: Chairman of the Board of Directors, c/o Brian Ferraioli, Chairman of the Board,
13215 Bee Cave Parkway, Building B, Suite 230, Austin, Texas 78738. 

Executive Sessions of Non-Management Directors 

The Board has a practice
of holding executive sessions of the independent directors. In addition, in order to comply with the listing requirements of NASDAQ and
promote good governance, our governance guidelines require that the Board hold regular executive sessions in which the non-management
directors meet without any members of management present, no less frequently than twice annually, and provide that in the event that
the non-management directors include directors who are not independent under the listing requirements of NASDAQ, then at least once a
year, there will be an executive session including only independent directors. Each year, the Company consistently holds a number of
executive sessions of independent directors at most meetings exceeding the minimum required under our governance guidelines. The purpose
of these executive sessions is to promote open and candid discussion among the independent and non-management directors. 

Committee Reports 

Audit Committee Report 

The principal purposes of
the Audit Committee are to (i) oversee (a) the quality and integrity of the financial statements of the Company; (b) the
Company s financial reporting processes and financial statement audits; (c) the independent registered public accounting firm s
qualifications and independence; (d) the performance of the Company s internal audit function and independent registered public
accounting firm; (e) the Company s system of internal controls over financial reporting, accounting, legal and regulatory
compliance, and ethics, including the effectiveness of disclosure controls and controls over processes that could have a significant
impact on the Company s financial statements; and (f) the systems of disclosure controls and procedures; (ii) foster
open communications among the independent registered public accounting firm, financial and senior management, internal audit and the
Board; and (iii) encourage continuous improvement and foster adherence to the Company s policies, procedures and practices
at all levels. The role and responsibilities of the Audit Committee are fully set forth in the Audit Committee s written charter,
which was approved by the Board and is available on the Company s website at www.oneatlas.com, under the Investors 
tab. 

55 

2022 Committee Engagement 

In addition to the matters
discussed below, the Audit Committee engages proactively with Grant Thornton and management as needed to understand the status and strategy
of the Company s audit and to discuss new accounting standards or potentially significant events that may impact the Company s
financial reporting. 

Committee Composition 

The Audit Committee consists
of Company directors who satisfy the requirements of independence, financial literacy and other qualifications under applicable law and
regulations of the SEC and the NASDAQ and is chaired by R. Foster Duncan. The Board annually reviews these standards and has determined
that each of Messrs. Duncan and Ferraioli is an audit committee financial expert as defined by SEC and NASDAQ rules. The
Audit Committee has directed the preparation of this audit committee report and has approved its content and submission to the stockholders. 

Required Communications with Grant Thornton 

The Audit Committee has
discussed with Grant Thornton, the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company, the matters that are required to be
discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Auditing Standards. The
Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and letter from Grant Thornton, as required by the PCAOB, regarding Grant Thornton s
communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence and has discussed with Grant Thornton its independence. The Audit Committee
has received reports from Grant Thornton and Company management relating to services provided by Grant Thornton and associated fees.
In this regard, the Audit Committee has considered whether or not the provision of non-audit services by Grant Thornton for
the year 2022 is compatible with maintaining the independence of the firm. 

Committee Oversight and Assessment of Grant
Thornton 

In connection with the evaluation,
appointment and retention of the independent registered public accounting firm, each year the Audit Committee reviews and evaluates the
qualifications, performance and independence of the independent registered public accounting firm and lead partner, including consideration
of input from management. In doing so, the Audit Committee considers various factors including, but not limited to: the quality of services
provided; technical expertise and knowledge of the industry and the Company s business and operations; effective communication;
objectivity; independence; and the potential impact of changing the independent registered public accounting firm. 

Committee Oversight of Financial Statements 

The Audit Committee reviewed
and discussed with Company management and Grant Thornton the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for 2022. The Audit
Committee also discussed with Grant Thornton those matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB and SEC
concerning the quality of the Company s accounting principles as applied in our financial statements. In general, these auditing
standards require the independent registered public accounting firm to communicate to the Audit Committee certain matters that are incidental
to the audit, such as any initiation of, or changes to, significant accounting policies, management judgments, accounting estimates and
audit adjustments; disagreements with management; the independent registered public accounting firm s judgment about the quality
of our accounting principles; significant audit risks identified and any changes from planned audit strategy; the use of specialists
on the audit team; and issues for which the independent registered public accounting firm have consulted outside the engagement team. 

56 

Based on the review and
discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited financial statements be included in the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

The Audit Committee
 of the Board of Directors: 

R. Foster Duncan,
 Chair 

Brian K. Ferraioli 

Collis Temple III 

Compensation Committee Report 

As an emerging growth company,
the Company is not required to include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis section or the related Compensation Committee Report in
this Annual Report. We have elected to comply with these reduced compensation disclosure requirements, as permitted under the Jumpstart
our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

No member of the Compensation
Committee serves, or served during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as a member of the board of directors or compensation
committee of a company that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of the Board or Compensation Committee. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following disclosure
describes the material components of the compensation for the Company s three most highly compensated executive officers, who are
referred to in this section as Named Executive Officers, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The Company
is an emerging growth company as defined under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act. As such, the Company meets
the disclosure requirements of Item 402 of Regulation S-K by providing the reduced disclosures required of a smaller
reporting company. 

Named Executive Officers 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s
Named Executive Officers were as follows: 

L. Joe Boyer, Chief Executive Officer; 

David D. Quinn, Sr., Chief Financial
Officer; and 

Ken Burns, Jr., Chief Operating Officer. 

The Named Executive Officers
and their titles listed in this section are as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The Named Executive Officers are employed
by Atlas Technical Consultants LLC (formerly Atlas Technical Consultants Intermediate Holdco LLC), an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary
of Atlas Intermediate Holdings LLC Atlas Intermediate ). 

57 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table presents
summary information regarding the total compensation paid to, earned by and awarded to each of the Named Executive Officers during the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name
 and Principal Position (1) 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) (2) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) (3) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) (4) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) (5) 
 Total ) 
 
 L. Joe Boyer, 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 2021 
 611,769 
 582,692 
 1,387,992 
 1,484,864 
 
 1,000,000 
 408,170 
 429,088 
 56,201
 
 56,148 
 2,464,132
 3,552,792 

David D. Quinn, Sr., 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 2021 
 396,121 
 382,096 
 452,232 
 479,138 
 300,000 
 193,375 
 208,376 
 67,298 
 50,135 
 1,109,026
 1,419,745 

Ken
 Burns, Jr., 
 Chief Operating Officer (6) 
 2022 
 369,773 
 452,232 
 
 223,125 
 38,849 
 1,083,979 

(1) The Named Executive Officers
 are employed by Atlas Technical Consultants LLC (formerly Atlas Technical Consultants Intermediate
 Holdco LLC), which is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Atlas Intermediate. 

(2) 
 Reflects the aggregate grant date fair value of awards
 of restricted stock units RSUs and performance stock units PSUs in 2021 and 2022, computed in accordance
 with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of the RSUs and PSUs are incorporated
 by reference to Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The value
 of the PSUs reported in the Stock Awards column is based on the probable outcome of the performance conditions (at the award date)
 in accordance with ASC Topic 718 assuming no forfeitures. For PSUs awarded in 2021, the values assuming the highest level of
 performance conditions will be achieved are: 2,338,414 for Mr. Boyer, 649,608 for Mr. Quinn, and 165,104 for Mr. Burns. For PSUs
 awarded in 2022, the values assuming the highest level of performance conditions will be achieved are: 1,815,986 for Mr. Boyer,
 504,453 for Mr. Quinn, and 504,453 for Mr. Burns. These amounts do not necessarily correspond to the actual value that will be
 realized by our Named Executive Officers. 

(3) 
 Reflects
 aggregate grant date fair value of performance stock options PSOs ), computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718.
 The grant date fair value of PSOs was determined using a Monte Carlo with Geometric Brown Motion simulation, since the awards included
 a market condition in addition to a service condition. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of the PSOs
 are incorporated by reference to Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 These amounts do not necessarily correspond to the actual value that will be realized by our Named Executive Officers. 

(4) 
 Reflects
 awards under the Company s annual cash incentive plan for the 2022 and 2021 performance years. Awards relating to the
 2022 performance period were based on two performance metrics approved by the Compensation Committee in 2022: (i) Adjusted EBITDA,
 accounting for 75 of the target award; and (ii) Cashflow, accounting for 25 of the target award. Please see the section entitled
 Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table Annual Cash Incentive Plan below for additional details. 

(5) Amounts reported in the All Other Compensation 
 column include Company contributions to the Named Executive Officers 401(k) plan
 retirement accounts, car allowance amounts, amounts reimbursed through the Company s
 medical reimbursement plan and with respect to Mr. Boyer only, employer-paid life
 insurance premiums. Please see the section entitled Narrative Disclosure to Summary
 Compensation Table Health and Retirement Benefits below for additional details. 

(6) Mr. Burns was not a Named Executive Officer in 2021, and thus, no
 compensation information is reported for him in this table for such year. 

58 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Base Salary 

Each Named Executive Officer s
base salary is a fixed component of annual compensation for performing specific job duties and functions. The Board has established the
annual base salary for each of the Named Executive Officers at a level necessary to retain the individual s services. For each
Named Executive Officer other than the Chief Executive Officer, the Board reviews base salaries on an annual basis in consultation with
the Chief Executive Officer. Subject to provisions of their respective employment agreements, as applicable, the Board has the ability
to make adjustments to the base salary rates of the Named Executive Officers upon consideration of any factors that it deems relevant,
including but not limited to: (a) any increase or decrease in the executive s responsibilities, (b) the executive s
job performance and (c) the level of compensation paid to executives of other companies with which the Company competes for executive
talent, as estimated based on publicly available information and the experience of members of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer.
In March 2022, the Board determined to provide for base salary rate increases for the Named Executive Officers based on cost-of-living
adjustments and merit. The increases were as follows: Mr. Boyer s base salary rate increased from 600,000 to 618,000, Mr. Quinn s
base salary rate increased from 388,500 to 400,155 and Mr. Burns s base salary rate increased from 365,000 to 372,300. 

Annual Cash Incentive Plan 

The Company s annual
cash incentive plan bonuses have historically been of a discretionary nature and subject to performance targets established annually
by the Compensation Committee. To be eligible to receive their bonus, our Named Executive Officers must generally be employed on the
last day of the applicable performance period. For 2022, each Named Executive Officer was eligible to receive a target annual bonus
of the following percentage of the executive s base salary if all performance targets were met or exceeded: 100 for Mr. Boyer,
75 for Mr. Quinn, 75 for Mr. Burns. 

The amounts of the annual
cash incentive plan bonuses for 2022 were determined and paid in February 2023 following the Compensation Committee s year-end review
of the applicable performance criteria. The actual amounts paid to each Named Executive Officer for service in 2022 were as follows: 

2022 Bonus Award 
 
 L. Joe Boyer 
 408,170 
 
 David D. Quinn, Sr. 
 193,375 
 
 Ken Burns, Jr. 
 223,125 

Long Term Incentive Compensation 

LTI Awards. On
February 14, 2020, the Board adopted the Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan previously approved by the stockholders of the Company at the Company s special meeting of stockholders held on February 11,
2020, effective upon the consummation of the Atlas Business Combination. The Company began offering long-term incentives to the
Named Executive Officers in 2020 through grants of RSUs under the Incentive Plan. 

For 2022, each of our Named
Executive Officers were eligible to receive a mix of RSUs and PSUs (with Mr. Boyer receiving a mix of 40 and 60 , respectively,
and the Messrs. Quinn and Burns receiving a mix of 50 and 50 , respectively) as part of their long-term incentive awards. The number
of RSUs and the target number of PSUs were determined by taking each Named Executive Officer s 2022 long-term incentive target
value and dividing it by the 20-day volume weighted average price of the Company s Class A common stock for each of the
20 trading days prior to the grant date. The resulting number of shares was then used to determine the number of RSUs and target
PSUs granted to each Named Executive Officer. 

59 

Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) Awards. 

The Named Executive Officers
received an award of RSUs, which vest in equal increments over a three-year period on first three anniversaries of the grant date,
subject to the executive s continued service through each applicable vesting date. For 2022, the Named Executive Officers received
an award of RSUs in the following amounts: 44,077 for Mr. Boyer, 18,366 for Mr. Quinn and 18,366 for Mr. Burns. Each RSU
represents the right to receive one share of Class A common stock of the Company. 

Performance Stock Unit (PSU) Awards. 

For 2022, the Named Executive
Officers received an award of PSUs, which vest subject to performance measures over a three-year period, in the following target
amounts: 66,116 for Mr. Boyer, 18,365 for Mr. Quinn and 18,365 for Mr. Burns. The number of shares of class A common stock
that will be delivered to the executive will range between 0-200 of the target number of PSUs provided in the executive s
award agreement and will be based on three performance measures over the award s performance period, each accounting for one-third of
the total number of shares (if any) to be delivered following the end of the performance period: (1) Total StockholderReturn (TSR)
spread vs. TMI index; (2) Revenue (actual vs. target); and (3) Adjusted EBITDA (actual vs. target). The applicable performance
period for each of the Named Executive Officers is January 1, 2022 through January 3, 2025. The executive must generally be employed
on the date of settlement in order to receive their award. 

Performance Stock Options. 

For 2021, Messrs. Boyer
and Quinn received PSOs in the following amounts: 324,465 PSOs for Mr. Boyer and 102,739 PSOs for Mr. Quinn. These PSOs are
subject to both service- and performance-based vesting conditions. Generally, the award will vest in four equal installments, in
each case on the later of (i) the award s second, third, fourth and fifth anniversary or (ii) if the Threshold Stock
Price equals or exceeds 20, 25, 30 or 35, respectively; provided, that in each case, the Named Executive Officer must remain in continued
service through the applicable vesting date. Any portion of the award that remains unvested or unexercised as of August 18, 2027
shall be forfeited. For purposes of this award, Threshold Stock Price means the average closing price per share of the
Company s common stock over any preceding 60 calendar days. No PSOs were granted to the Named Executive Officers during 2022. 

Health and Retirement Benefits 

The Company provides medical,
dental, vision, life insurance and disability benefits to all eligible employees. The Named Executive Officers are eligible to participate
in these benefits on the same basis as all other employees. The Company also maintains an executive medical reimbursement plan for certain
members of senior management, including the Named Executive Officers, which provides up to 100 reimbursement for specified medical,
prescription, dental and vision expenses, up to a maximum of 20,000 per year per Named Executive Officer. 

The Company maintains a
401(k) savings plan that allows participants, including the Named Executive Officers, to defer cash compensation (subject to applicable
Internal Revenue Service IRS guidelines). All of the Company s employees are eligible participants. The Named Executive
Officers are eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan on the same basis as all other employees. The Company may provide employer
matching contributions under the 401(k) plan. In 2022, the Company s matching contributions were equal to 100 of the first
3 of eligible compensation deferred by an employee and 50 of the next 2 of eligible compensation deferred, up to the annual allowable
IRS limits. Matching contributions are 100 vested when made. In addition, the Company provides certain other perquisites to certain
of the Named Executive Officers, including a car allowance and employer-paid life insurance premiums. 

Employment Agreements 

The Company has entered
into employment agreements with each of the Named Executive Officers, the relevant terms of which are summarized below. Capitalized terms
appearing in the following descriptions but not defined therein are as defined in the applicable employment agreement. The below summary
is qualified in all respects by reference to the underlying employment agreement. 

60 

L. Joe Boyer. Mr. Boyer
is party to an amended and restated employment agreement with Atlas Technical Consultants LLC, effective December 17, 2021 (the
 Boyer Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr. Boyer serves as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The initial term of the
Boyer Agreement is three years, with automatic one-year renewals thereafter unless either party provides at least 90 days 
prior notice of nonrenewal or otherwise terminates the agreement. Under the terms of the Boyer Agreement, Mr. Boyer initially was
entitled to an annual base salary of 550,000 and an annual bonus target opportunity of 100 of Mr. Boyer s then-current base
salary (up to a maximum of 200 of Mr. Boyer s then-current base salary), with the amount payable to be determined based
on financial metrics decided by the Compensation Committee in good faith consultation with Mr. Boyer. Mr. Boyer is also eligible
to receive, pursuant to the Incentive Plan, annual equity grants with a target grant date value of no less than 100 of Mr. Boyer s
then-current base salary, subject to such terms and conditions as the Compensation Committee decides. In addition to being eligible
to participate in the Company s employee benefit plans, Mr. Boyer is also eligible to receive a Company-paid life insurance
policy and a monthly car allowance of no less than 1,400. Under the Boyer Agreement, Mr. Boyer is subject to certain restrictive
covenants, including indefinite confidentiality and non-disparagement provisions and a 24-month post-termination non-competition and
non-solicitation provisions. 

David D. Quinn,
Sr. Mr. Quinn is party to an amended and restated employment agreement with Atlas Technical Consultants
LLC, effective December 17, 2021 (the Quinn Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr. Quinn serves as Chief Financial Officer.
The initial term of the Quinn Agreement is three years, with automatic one-year renewals thereafter unless either party provides
notice of nonrenewal or otherwise terminates the agreement. Under the terms of the Quinn Agreement, Mr. Quinn initially was eligible
for an annual base salary of 370,000, an annual bonus target opportunity of 75 of Mr. Quinn s then-current base salary
and an annual equity grant pursuant to the Incentive Plan. In addition to being eligible for the Company s employee benefit plans,
Mr. Quinn is also eligible for a monthly car allowance of 1,400. Under the Quinn Agreement, Mr. Quinn is subject to certain
restrictive covenants, including indefinite confidentiality and non-disparagement provisions and a 12-month post-termination non-competition and
non-interference provisions; provided, that upon a termination without Cause, the non-competition covenant shall not apply
and upon a termination that occurs within the 90-day period prior to or the two year period immediately following a Change in Control,
the non-interference covenant shall apply for 24 months instead of 12 months. 

Ken Burns, Jr. Mr. Burns
is party to an employment agreement with Atlas Technical Consultants LLC, effective December 17, 2021 (the Burns Agreement ),
pursuant to which Mr. Burns serves as Chief Operating Officer. The initial term of the Burns Agreement is three years, with automatic
one-year renewals thereafter unless either party provides notice of nonrenewal or otherwise terminates the agreement. Under the
terms of the Burns Agreement, Mr. Burns initially was eligible for an annual base salary of 365,000, an annual bonus target opportunity
of 50-75 of Mr. Burns then-current base salary and an annual equity grant pursuant to the Incentive Plan. In addition to being
eligible for the Company s employee benefit plans, Mr. Burns is also eligible for a monthly car allowance of 1,400. Under
the Burns Agreement, Mr. Burns is also subject to the same restrictive covenants as those described above under the Quinn Agreement. 

61 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table summarizes,
for each of the Named Executive Officers, the number of PSOs, RSUs, and PSUs in the Company held as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 

Name 
 
 Equity 
 Incentive plan 
 awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options 
 (#) (1) 

Option 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 ) 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Number
 of 
 Shares or 
 Units of 
 Stock That 
 Have Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 

Market 
 Value of 
 Shares or 
 Units of 
 Stock That 
 Have Not 
 Vested 
 ) (6) 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights 
 That Have 
 Not Vested 
 (#) 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Market or 
 Payout 
 Value of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights 
 That Have 
 Not Vested 
 ) 

L. Joe Boyer 

324,465 

10.50 

8/18/2027 

44,077 
 36,036 
 35,689 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (5) 

226,997 
 185,585 
 183,798 

22,039 
 40,541 
 (8) 
 (7) 

113,501 
 208,786 

David D. Quinn, Sr. 

102,739 

10.50 

8/18/2027 

18,366 
 15,015 
 8,922 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (5) 

94,585 
 77,327 
 45,948 

6,122 
 11,262 
 (7) 
 (8) 

31,528 
 57,999 

Ken Burns, Jr. 

18,366 
 4,440 
 (2) 
 (4) 

94,585 
 22,866 

6,122 
 (7) 

31,528 

(1) Represents PSOs granted on August 18,
 2021, which will vest as described under Long-Term Incentive Compensation 
 above. 

(2) Represents
 RSUs granted on March 18, 2022, which vest in equal installments on first three anniversaries
 of the grant date, subject to the executive s continued service through each applicable
 vesting date. 

(3) Represents
 RSUs granted on May 6, 2021, which vest in equal installments on first three anniversaries
 of the grant date, subject to the executive s continued service through each applicable
 vesting date. 

(4) Represents
 RSUs granted on June 17, 2021, which vest in equal installments on first three anniversaries
 of the grant date, subject to the executive s continued service through each applicable
 vesting date. 

(5) Represents
 RSUs granted on May 15, 2020, which vest in equal installments on first three anniversaries
 of the grant date, subject to the executive s continued service through each applicable
 vesting date. 

(6) 
 Valuations
 are based on 5.15 per share, which was the last trading price for a share of the Company s Class A Common Stock on the
 NASDAQ on December 30, 2022. 

(7) Represents
 PSUs granted to the Named Executive Officers on March 18, 2022, subject to performance-based vesting
 over the three-year period beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on January 3,
 2025. We have reported the number of shares that would be earned assuming the award was earned
 based on achieving threshold performance goals. 

(8) 
 Represents
 PSUs granted to Messrs. Boyer and Quinn on May 6, 2021, subject to performance-based vesting over the three-year period
 beginning on January 1, 2021 and ending on December 29, 2023. We have reported the number of shares that would be earned
 assuming the award was earned based on achieving target performance goals. 

62 

Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 

Each Named Executive Officer
is eligible for certain payments and benefits at, following, or in connection with the resignation, severance, retirement or other termination
of the Named Executive Officer, or a change in control of the Company. These benefits are in addition to benefits generally available
to salaried employees. The Company does not provide any of its executives with change in control excise tax gross-ups. 

L. Joe Boyer . Under
the Boyer Agreement, if Mr. Boyer s employment is terminated due to Mr. Boyer s death, disability, termination
by the Company through non-renewal at the end of the then-current term or termination without cause, or by Mr. Boyer for
good reason (each, an Involuntary Termination ), Mr. Boyer will be entitled to (i) a lump sum payment equal to (a) 2x
then-current base salary; (b) 1x bonus target; and (c) a pro-rated bonus based on actual performance (determined
as of the end of the performance period); (ii) accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards (with any unvested performance-based
awards vesting (1) based on actual performance (determined as of Mr. Boyer s termination date) in the event of termination
due to death or Permanent Disability or (2) at the greater of (x) the target or (y) actual performance (determined as
of Mr. Boyer s termination date) in the event of any other Involuntary Termination); and (iii) continuation of health
benefits at the Company s expense for up to two years. 

If Mr. Boyer incurs
an Involuntary Termination in the 90-day period prior to, or the during the two-year period following, a change in control,
Mr. Boyer will be entitled to receive (i) a lump sum payment equal to (a) 2.5x then-current base salary; (b) 1.5x
target bonus; and (c) a pro-rated bonus based on actual performance (determined as of the end of the performance period); (ii) accelerated
vesting of all outstanding equity awards (with any unvested performance-based awards vesting at the greater of (x) the target
or (y) actual performance (determined as of the change in control date); and (iii) continuation of health benefits at the Company s
expense for up to 30 months. 

If Mr. Boyer incurs a termination
for cause, Mr. Boyer will be entitled to receive only the accrued benefits as set forth in the Boyer Agreement. 

All severance benefits under
the Boyer Agreement are contingent on Mr. Boyer signing and not revoking a release of claims as well as Mr. Boyer s compliance
with all other terms of the Boyer Agreement. 

In addition to the equity
vesting provisions set forth in the Boyer Agreement, Mr. Boyer s PSO agreement provides that (i) upon an Involuntary
Termination, PSOs that have attained the performance-vesting condition will vest regardless of whether their service-vesting condition
has lapsed, (ii) upon a change in control, all performance-vested PSOs must be exchanged for cash or substituted or replaced
by the Company s acquirer and (iii) if upon a change in control the PSOs are substituted and replaced and Mr. Boyer incurs
an Involuntary Termination in the two years thereafter, any remaining service-vesting conditions shall lapse. 

David D. Quinn,
Sr. Under the Quinn Agreement, if Mr. Quinn is terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Quinn
for good reason, Mr. Quinn will be entitled to (i) 12-months then-current base salary continuation; (ii) a pro-rated bonus
based on actual performance (determined as of the end of the performance period); (iii) 12 months of COBRA premiums (capped
at the employer-portion of active employee premiums); and (iv) accelerated vesting of equity awards of (a) all unvested
time-based equity awards if the termination occurs within the one year of the effective date of the Quinn Agreement; (b) 2/3
of any unvested time-based equity awards if the termination occurs within two years of the effective date of the Quinn Agreement;
and (c) 1/3 of any unvested time-based equity awards if the termination occurs after two years of the effective date of
the Quinn Agreement (items (i) and (ii), collectively, the Quinn Severance ). In the event of Mr. Quinn s
termination due to Mr. Quinn s death or disability, Mr. Quinn will be entitled to the Quinn Severance. 

63 

If the Quinn Agreement is
terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Quinn for good reason within the 90 days prior to, or during the two-year period
following, a change in control, Mr. Quinn will be entitled to receive (i) the Quinn Severance; and (ii) accelerated vesting
of all outstanding equity awards (with any unvested performance-based awards vesting at the greater of (x) the target or (y) actual
performance (determined as of the change in control date). 

If the Quinn Agreement is
terminated due to non-renewal by the Company, Mr. Quinn will receive accelerated vesting of equity awards that would have vested
in the one-year period immediately following the date of such termination (with any unvested performance-based awards deemed
achieved based on the greater of actual and target performance). 

If Mr. Quinn incurs a termination
by the Company for cause or if the Quinn Agreement is terminated due to non-renewal by Mr. Quinn, Mr. Quinn will be entitled to receive
only the accrued benefits as set forth in the Boyer Agreement. 

All severance benefits under
the Quinn Agreement are contingent on Mr. Quinn signing and not revoking a release of claims as well as Mr. Quinn s compliance
with the terms of the Quinn Agreement. 

Mr. Quinn s PSOs
are eligible for the same treatment as Mr. Boyer s PSOs. 

Ken Burns, Jr. The
potential payments upon termination or a change in control under the Burns Agreement and Mr. Burns outstanding equity award
agreements are identical to those described immediately above for Mr. Quinn (except with respect to Mr. Quinn s PSOs, as Mr.
Burns did not receive a PSO grant). 

Director Compensation 

Under the Company s
non-employee director compensation program, the Company s non-employee directors (other than the Board chairman) are
eligible to receive (a) an annual cash retainer of 55,000, (b) an annual award of RSUs having an aggregate grant date fair
value of 100,000 (rounded up to the nearest share) and (c) an additional 10,000 in cash fees related to service as chair of a
committee. In addition, under the program, the chairman of the Board is eligible to receive an annual cash retainer of 120,000 and an
annual award of RSUs having an aggregate grant date fair value equal to 180,000 (rounded up to the nearest share). Awards of RSUs granted
to non-employee directors in connection with the directors 2022 service vest on the first anniversary of the grant date.
Our non-employee directors are eligible to elect to receive their cash fees in unrestricted shares of Class A common stock. 

The following table shows
the total compensation paid to the Company s non-employee directors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees 
 Earned or Paid in 
 Cash ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) (1) 
 Total 
 
 R. Foster Duncan (2)(5) 
 32,500 
 132,500 
 165,000 
 
 Brian K. Ferraioli (5) 
 60,000 
 240,000 
 300,000 
 
 Thomas Henley (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Leonard K. Lemoine (5) 
 27,500 
 127,500 
 155,000 
 
 Raquel G. Richmond (4) 
 155,000 
 - 
 155,000 
 
 Collis Temple, III 
 55,000 
 100,000 
 155,000 
 
 Daniel G. Weiss (2)(5) 
 32,500 
 132,500 
 165,000 

(1) Reflects
 the aggregate grant date fair value of RSUs computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718.
 Messrs. Duncan, Lemoine, Temple and Weiss each had 9,183 outstanding RSUs, and Mr. Ferraioli
 had 16,529 outstanding RSUs as of December 31, 2022. 

(2) Each
 of Messrs. Duncan and Weiss received 10,000 of additional cash compensation for their responsibilities
 as Chair of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee, respectively. 

(3) Mr. Henley was ineligible to receive any director
 compensation in 2022, pursuant to the internal policies of Bernhard Capital Partners. 

(4) Due to a familial relationship with a Senior Advisor
 to the President of the United States which prevents her from receiving equity compensation,
 Ms. Richmond receives solely cash compensation for her service on the Board. 

(5) 
 Messrs.
 Duncan, Ferraioli, Lemoine and Weiss each elected to receive their first and second quarter cash fees for their Board service in
 unrestricted shares of the Company s Class A common stock as follows: (i) 4,410 shares for Mr. Duncan, (ii) 8,141 shares
 for Mr. Ferraioli, (iii) 3,732 shares for Mr. Lemoine, and (iv) 3,938 shares for Mr. Weiss. Since director fees are
 paid in arrears, the shares were delivered on April 29, 2022 and July 8, 2022. 

64 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS 

The following table sets
forth the beneficial ownership of the Company Common Stock as of March 13, 2023 by: 

each person or
 group of affiliated persons, who we know to beneficially own more than 5 of the Company
 Common Stock; 

each of our executive
 officers; 

each of our directors;
 and 

all of our current
 executive officers and directors as a group. 

The beneficial ownership
of shares of Company Common Stock is based on 39,720,300 shares of Company Common Stock, consisting of (i) 38,452,047 shares
of Class A Common Stock and (ii) 1,268,253 shares of Class B Common Stock, in each case issued and outstanding as
of March 13, 2023. 

Unless otherwise noted below,
the address of each of the individuals and entities named in the table below is c/o Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc., 13215 Bee Cave
Parkway, Building B, Suite 230, Austin, Texas 78738. The information provided in the table is based on our records, information filed
with the SEC and information provided to us, except where otherwise noted. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of shares of Class A 
 Common Stock 
 Number of shares of 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Class A 
 Class B 
 Total Company Common Stock 

Directors, Named Executive Officers 

L. Joe
 Boyer (1) 
 997,336 
 
 2.58 
 
 2.50 
 
 David
 D. Quinn Sr. (2) 
 192,181 

Ken
 Burns, Jr. (3) 
 92,569 

Brian
 K. Ferraioli (4) 
 116,585 

Leonard
 K. Lemoine (5) 
 111,252 

Thomas H. Henley 

Collis
 Temple III (5) 
 17,775 

R. Foster
 Duncan (5) 
 45,441 

Daniel
 G. Weiss (5) 
 46,958 

Raquel G. Richmond 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a
 Group (Thirteen Individuals) 
 2,204,659 
 
 5.67 
 
 5.49 
 
 Five Percent Holders: 

Bernhard
 Capital Partners (6) 
 16,883,244 
 
 30.51 
 
 29.83 
 
 GSO Entity (7) 
 2,200,000 
 
 5.41 
 
 5.24 

Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1 of
 Class A Common Stock or Company Common Stock outstanding, as applicable. 

(1) Includes shares of Class A Common Stock underlying 35,689 unvested
RSUs granted on May 15, 2020, which are scheduled to vest on May 15, 2023, 36,036 unvested RSUs granted on May 6, 2021, which 1/2 are
scheduled to vest on May 6, 2023 and 1/2 are scheduled to vest on May 6, 2024, 44,077 unvested RSUs granted on March 18, 2022 of which
1/3 are scheduled to vest on March 18, 2023, 1/3 are scheduled to vest on March 18, 2024 and 1/3 are scheduled to vest on March 18, 2025,
52,619 unvested RSUs granted on February 24, 2023, which are scheduled to vest on August 24, 2023, and 44,190 unvested RSUs granted on
March 10, 2023 of which 1/3 are scheduled to vest on March 10, 2024, 1/3 are scheduled to vest on March 10, 2025 and 1/3 are scheduled
to vest on March 10, 2026. 

(2) Includes shares of Class A Common Stock underlying 8,922 unvested RSUs
granted on May 15, 2020, which are scheduled to vest on May 15, 2022, 15,014 unvested RSUs granted on May 6, 2021 which 1/2 are scheduled
to vest on May 6, 2023 and 1/2 are scheduled to vest on May 6, 2024, 18,366 unvested RSUs granted on March 18, 2022, of which 1/3 are
scheduled to vest on March 18, 2023, 1/3 are scheduled to vest on March 18, 2024 and 1/3 are scheduled to vest on March 18, 2025, 24,929
unvested RSUs granted on February 24, 2023, which are scheduled to vest on August 24, 2023, and 16,367 unvested RSUs granted on March
10, 2023 of which 1/3 are scheduled to vest on March 10, 2024, 1/3 are scheduled to vest on March 10, 2025 and 1/3 are scheduled to vest
on March 10, 2026. 

(3) Includes shares of Class A Common Stock underlying 4,461 unvested RSUs
granted on May 15, 2020, which are scheduled to vest on May 15, 2023, 7,507 unvested RSUs granted on May 6, 2021, which 1/2 are scheduled
to vest on May 6, 2023 and 1/2 are scheduled to vest on May 6, 2024, 13,774 unvested RSUs granted on March 18, 2022, of which 1/3 are
scheduled to vest on March 18, 2023, 1/3 are scheduled to vest on March 18, 2024 and 1/3 are scheduled to vest on March 18, 2025, 28,764
unvested RSUs granted on February 24, 2023, which are scheduled to vest on August 24, 2023, and 20,459 unvested RSUs granted on March
10, 2023 of which 1/3 are scheduled to vest on March 10, 2024, 1/3 are scheduled to vest on March 10, 2025 and 1/3 are scheduled to vest
on March 10, 2026. 

65 

(4) Includes
 shares of Class A Common Stock underlying 16,529 unvested RSUs granted on March 18,
 2022, which are scheduled to vest on March 18, 2023, 14,730 unvested RSUs granted on
 March 10, 2023, which are scheduled to vest on March 10, 2024, and 85,326 shares of
 Class A Common Stock held by Brian K. Ferraioli Revocable Trust. 

(5) Includes
 shares of Class A Common Stock underlying 9,183 unvested RSUs granted on March 18,
 2022, which are scheduled to vest on March 18, 2023 and 8,592 unvested RSUs granted
 on March 10, 2023, which are scheduled to vest on March 10, 2024. 

(6) Based on the Schedule 13D/A filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2021. Comprised of 8,971,339 shares of Class A
 Common Stock held by AS M SPV, LLC AS M SPV and 7,911,905 shares
 of Class A Common Stock held by Arrow Environmental SPV, LLC Arrow SPV ),
 all of which are owned indirectly by the BCP Energy Services Funds (as defined below). Each
 of AS M SPV and Arrow SPV is a limited partner of AS M Holdings LP AS M
 Holdings ). The general partner of AS M Holding is AS M Holdings GP LLC, which
 is indirectly wholly owned by BCP Energy Services Fund, LP, BCP Energy Services Fund-A, LP
 and BCP Energy Services Executive Fund, LP (collectively, the BCP Energy Services
 Funds ). The general partner of all three BCP Energy Services Funds is BCP Energy Services
 Fund GP, LP. The general partner of BCP Energy Services Fund GP, LP is BCP Energy Services
 Fund UGP, LLC. BCP Energy Services Fund UGP, LLC is managed by J. M. Bernhard,
 Jr. and Jeff Jenkins. Each of the BCP entities and Messrs. Bernhard and Jenkins may be deemed
 to beneficially own such shares directly or indirectly controlled, but each disclaims beneficial
 ownership of such shares in excess of its or their pecuniary interest therein. The address
 of each of the BCP entities and Messrs. Bernhard and Jenkins is 400 Convention Street, Suite
 1010, Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70802. 

(7) GSO Capital Opportunities Fund III LP (the
 GSO Entity directly holds the reported shares shown above. GSO Capital
 Opportunities Associates III LLC is the general partner of GSO Capital Opportunities
 Fund III LP. GSO Holdings I L.L.C. is the managing member of GSO Capital
 Opportunities Associates III LLC. Blackstone Holdings II L.P. is the managing
 member of GSO Holdings I L.L.C. with respect to securities beneficially owned
 by the GSO Entity. Blackstone Holdings I/II GP L.L.C. is the general partner
 of each of Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Blackstone Holdings II L.P. Blackstone
 Inc. is the sole member of Blackstone Holdings I/II GP L.L.C. The sole holder of the
 Series II preferred stock of Blackstone Inc. is Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. Blackstone
 Group Management L.L.C. is wholly owned by Blackstone Inc. s senior managing directors
 and controlled by its founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman. Each of the foregoing entities
 and individuals disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held directly by the GSO Entity (other
 than the GSO Entity to the extent of its direct holdings). The principal business
 address of this stockholder is c/o GSO Capital Partners LP, 345 Park Avenue, 31 st Floor,
 New York, New York 10154. 

Changes in Control 

On January 30, 2023, the
Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the GI Merger Agreement with GI Apple Midco LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company GI Parent and GI Apple Merger Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary
of GI Parent GI Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the GI Merger Agreement, GI Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company
(the GI Merger ), with the Company continuing as the surviving company in the GI Merger. GI Parent and GI Merger Sub are
controlled by investment funds advised by GI Partners. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Founder Shares 

Following the completion
of the Atlas Business Combination, the Seller and its limited partners (the Continuing Members owned an aggregate of 23,974,368
Holdings Units redeemable on a one-for-one basis for shares of Class A common stock. Upon the redemption by any Continuing
Member of Holdings Units for shares of Class A common stock, a corresponding number of shares of our Class B common stock
held by such Continuing Member will be cancelled. Prior to the Atlas Business Combination, the initial stockholders held all 5,000,000 shares
of the Company s issued and outstanding Class F common stock. Following the conversion of each outstanding share of our Class F
common stock to one share of Class A common stock in connection with the Atlas Business Combination, Boxwood LLC owned an aggregate
2,225,000 shares of Class A common stock and 3,750,000 private placement warrants. See Tender Offer and Warrant Exchange 
below regarding the exchange of the private placement warrants for the Company s Class A common stock. 

66 

Tender Offer and Warrant Exchange 

Public Warrants 

In November 2018, the
Company consummated its initial public offering of units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one Public Warrant. At
the commencement of the Atlas Business Combination, there were 20,000,000 public warrants outstanding. Each public warrant
entitled the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The public warrants
were set to expire five years after the closing of the Atlas Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

In October 2020, the
Company offered each holder of its outstanding warrants, including the public warrants and the private placement warrants the opportunity
to exchange their warrants for shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Each holder
was to receive 0.1665 or 0.185 shares of Class A common stock in exchange for each outstanding warrant tendered by the holder
and exchanged pursuant to the terms of the offer. The redemption rate was dependent upon whether the warrant holder tendered their warrants
prior to the offer deadline. Warrant holders who tendered their warrants for exchange prior to the expiration of the tender offer period
received the 0.185 conversion rate, and any warrant holders who did not tender their warrants by the appropriate deadline received the
0.1665 conversion rate. The Company concluded the offer in November 2020 and all Warrants were converted to Class A common
stock by December 31, 2020. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Upon closing of the Boxwood
initial public offering, Boxwood Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 3,750,000 private placement warrants s. Each private placement
warrants was exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50. The private placement warrants were identical
to the public warrants discussed above, except (i) they would not be redeemable by the Company so long as they were held by Boxwood
Sponsor and (ii) they were not exercisable by the holders on a cashless basis. 

In connection with the October 2020
offer to the warrant holders to exchange their warrants for the Company s Class A common stock, Boxwood Sponsor opted to fully
exchange their private placement warrants for Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2020, there were no remaining private
placement warrants issued or outstanding. 

Continuing Members Registration Rights Agreement 

On February 14, 2020,
in connection with the consummation of the Atlas Business Combination, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the
 Continuing Members RRA with the Continuing Members. Under the Continuing Members RRA, the Company has certain obligations
to register for resale under the Securities Act all or any portion of the shares of the Class A common stock that the Continuing
Members hold as of the date of the Continuing Members RRA and that they may acquire thereafter, including upon the exchange or redemption
of any other security therefor (collectively, the Continuing Member Registrable Securities ). 

Under the Continuing Members
RRA, Atlas Technical Consultants SPV, LLC and Arrow Environmental SPV LLC (together, BCP may demand an
unlimited number of underwritten offerings for all or part of the Continuing Member Registrable Securities held by BCP and the other
Continuing Members. 

Holders of the Continuing
Member Registrable Securities have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements. The
Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the preparation and filing of any such registration statements. 

Restrictive Covenant Agreement 

In connection with the consummation
of the Atlas Business Combination, Holdings and BCP entered into a restrictive covenant agreement (the Restrictive Covenant Agreement pursuant to which the BCP parties agreed not to (i) for a period of two years, induce or attempt to induce any of the executives
named therein or any other executive officer of Atlas Intermediate to leave the employ of Atlas Intermediate, (ii) for a period
of two years, hire any executive who was employed by Atlas Intermediate at any time during the 12 month period prior to the
consummation of the Atlas Business Combination, (iii) for a period of two years, induce or attempt to induce any person that
is a customer, supplier or material business relation of Atlas Intermediate to cease doing business with Atlas Intermediate, (iv) make
certain types of disparaging or false statements and (v) disclose certain confidential information, subject to the terms and conditions
therein. 

67 

GSO Registration Rights Agreement 

In connection with the consummation
of the Atlas Business Combination, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the GSO RRA with the GSO
Entity and the other holders party thereto (together, GSO ). Under the GSO RRA, we have certain obligations to register
for resale under the Securities Act all or any portion of the shares of the Class A common stock that the Continuing Members (as
defined in the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Holdings) hold[s] as of the date of the GSO RRA and that they
may acquire thereafter, including upon the exchange or redemption of any other security therefor (collectively, the GSO Registrable
Securities ). 

We are required to file
a registration statement registering the resale of the GSO Registrable Securities. Additionally, GSO may demand up to two underwritten
offerings for all or part of the GSO Registrable Securities held by GSO under the GSO RRA. 

Holders of the GSO Registrable
Securities have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements and rights to require us
to register for resale the GSO Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the preparation and filing of any such registration statements. 

The GSO RRA does not contemplate
the payment of penalties or liquidated damages to GSO as a result of a failure to register, or delays with respect to the registration
of, the GSO Registrable Securities. 

Nomination Agreement 

In connection with the consummation
of the Atlas Business Combination, the Company entered into the nomination agreement (the Nomination Agreement ), which
provides BCP our Sponsor (through the Seller) the right to designate a certain number of individuals for nomination by
the Board to be elected by the Company s stockholders based on the percentage of the voting power of the outstanding Class A
common stock and Class B common stock beneficially owned by our Sponsor and its affiliates, in the aggregate, as follows: (i) for
so long as our Sponsor beneficially owns at least 50 of the aggregate voting power of the Company, our Sponsor will have the right to
nominate at least a majority of all directors of the Board; (ii) for so long as our Sponsor beneficially owns less than 50 and
equal to or greater than 35 of the aggregate voting power of the Company, our Sponsor will have the right to designate three directors
(and the size of the Board will be fixed at eight directors); (iii) for so long as our Sponsor beneficially owns less than 35 and
equal to or greater than 15 of the aggregate voting power of the Company, our Sponsor will have the right to designate two directors
(and the size of the Board will be fixed at seven directors); and (iv) for so long as our Sponsor beneficially owns less than 15 
and equal to or greater than 5 of the aggregate voting power of the Company, our Sponsor will have the right to designate one director. 

Under the Nomination Agreement,
once our Sponsor s beneficial ownership of the aggregate voting power of the Company falls below one of the percentage thresholds
set forth above, such that our Sponsor is entitled to nominate a lesser number of directors, our Sponsor must identify such excess directors
than the number of directors serving on the Board at such time that were BCP nominees, BCP shall identify such excess director(s) who
are BCP Directors (as defined in the Nomination Agreement) and who shall be required to immediately offer their resignation from the
Board for consideration by the independent (as such independence is defined in the Nomination Agreement, the Nomination Independent
Directors directors of the Board for their consideration. The Nomination Independent Directors must then consider such offers
of resignation and determine whether to accept or reject any or all of them. As previously discussed, our Sponsor s beneficial
ownership of the Company s aggregate voting power dropped below 50 in February 2021. Pursuant to the terms of the Nomination
Agreement, two directors identified by our Sponsor offered their resignations to the Nomination Independent Directors. The Nomination
Independent Directors held a special meeting to consider the offers of resignation and ultimately rejected both such offers and as a
result the size of the Board has remained unchanged. 

68 

Credit Agreements 

On February 25, 2021,
Atlas Intermediate, as the borrower, entered into two new credit facilities consisting of (i) a 432.0 million senior secured
term loan at closing and, subject to the satisfaction of certain terms and conditions, a committed delayed draw term loan facility in
an aggregate principal amount of up to 75.0 million and an uncommitted incremental term loan facility that may be incurred after
closing (the Term Loan pursuant to a Credit Agreement dated February 25, 2021, by and among Holdings, Atlas Intermediate,
Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and certain lenders thereto, including certain
Blackstone entities, which may include, Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP, and its managed funds and accounts, and its affiliates,
Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. and its affiliates, and/or certain other of their respective funds, accounts, clients managed,
advised or sub-advised, or any of their respective affiliates (the Term Loan Agreement and (ii) a 40.0 million
senior secured revolver which aggregate principal amount may be increased, subject to the satisfaction of certain terms and conditions,
including obtaining commitments therefor, by up to 20,000,000 (the Revolver pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement
dated February 25, 2021, by and among Holdings, Atlas Intermediate, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, swingline
lender, issuing bank, lender, sole bookrunner and sole lead arranger (the ABL Revolver Agreement, and together with the
Term Loan Agreement, the Credit Agreements ). The Term Loan Agreement refinanced the 2020 Credit Agreement with Macquarie
Capital Funding LLC, as administrative agent and certain lenders, which repayment was effectuated partially in cash and partially by
way of a cashless exchange of existing term loans and preferred equity for the Term Loan. 

The initial Term Loan will
mature on February 25, 2028 and the Revolver will mature on February 25, 2026. 

Interest on any outstanding
borrowings is payable monthly under the ABL Revolver Agreement, quarterly under the Term Loan Agreement or, in each case, at the end
of the applicable interest period in arrears. The cash interest rates under the Term Loan Agreement will be equal to either (i) the
Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement), plus 5.50 , or (ii) an Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the Term Loan
Agreement), plus 4.50 . The interest rates under the ABL Revolver Agreement will be equal to either (i) the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as
defined in the ABL Revolver Agreement), plus 2.50 , or (ii) the ABR (as defined in the ABL Revolver Agreement), plus 1.50 . 

The Credit Agreements are
guaranteed by Holdings and secured by (i) in the case of the ABL Revolver Agreement, a first priority security interest in the current
assets, including accounts receivable, of Holdings, Atlas Intermediate and its subsidiaries and (ii) in the case of the Term Loan
Agreement, a pledge of the equity interests of the subsidiaries of Holdings and Atlas Intermediate, and subject to the first lien security
interest on current assets under the Revolver, a first priority lien on substantially all other assets of Holdings, Atlas Intermediate
and all of their direct and indirect subsidiaries. 

The Term Loan Agreement
contains a financial covenant which requires Holdings, Atlas Intermediate and all of their direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis to maintain a Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) tested on a quarterly basis that does not exceed
(i) 7.00 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023, (ii) 6.75 to 1.00 for the fiscal
quarters ending September 29, 2023 and December 29, 2023, and (iii) 6.50 to 1.00 for March 29, 2024 and each fiscal
quarter ending thereafter. 

The ABL Revolver Agreement
contains a springing financial covenant which requires Holdings, Atlas Intermediate and all of their direct and indirect
subsidiaries on a consolidated basis to maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the ABL Revolver Agreement) of no less
than 1.10 to 1.00 when the outstanding principal amount of loans under the Revolver exceeds 0 or the aggregate exposure for letters
of credit under the Revolver exceeds 5 million. 

69 

The Credit Agreements also
include a number of customary negative covenants. Such covenants, among other things, limit or restrict the ability of each of Holdings,
Atlas Intermediate and all of their direct and indirect subsidiaries to: 

incur additional
 indebtedness and make guarantees; 

incur liens on
 assets; 

engage in mergers
 or consolidations or fundamental changes; 

dispose of assets; 

pay dividends
 and distributions or repurchase capital stock; 

make investments,
 loans and advances, including acquisitions; 

amend organizational
 documents and other material contracts; 

enter into certain
 agreements that would restrict the ability to incur liens on assets; 

repay certain
 junior indebtedness, and in the case of the ABL Revolver Agreement, make certain payments
 on the Term Loans; 

enter into certain
 transactions with affiliates; 

amend certain
 documents governing indebtedness; 

enter into sale
 leaseback transactions; 

change fiscal
 periods; and 

change the conduct
 of its business. 

The aforementioned restrictions
are subject to certain exceptions including (i) the ability to incur additional indebtedness, liens, investments, dividends and
distributions, and prepayments of junior indebtedness subject, in each case, to compliance with certain financial metrics and/or certain
other conditions and (ii) a number of other traditional exceptions that grant the Company continued flexibility to operate and develop
its business. 

The Credit Agreements also
include customary affirmative covenants, representations and warranties and events of default. 

The representations, warranties
and covenants contained in the Credit Agreements were made only for the purpose of the Credit Agreements and as of specific dates, were
solely for the benefit of the parties to the Credit Agreements, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties, including
being qualified by disclosures for the purpose of allocating contractual risk between the parties instead of establishing matters as
facts; and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors
or security holders. Accordingly, investors should not rely on the representations, warranties, and covenants or any descriptions
thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the Company. 

On August 4, 2022, Holdings,
Intermediate, certain subsidiaries of Holdings and the administrative agent entered into the First Amendment to Credit Agreement (the
 Credit Agreement Amendment ), which amended the ABL Revolver Agreement. The Credit Agreement Amendment amended the Credit
Agreement to, among other matters, increase the revolving credit facility thereunder by 20,000,000 to an aggregate principal amount
of 60,000,000. 

70 

Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
Agreement of Holdings 

We operate our business
through Holdings. In connection with the consummation of the Atlas Business Combination, we and other member parties thereto entered
into the Holdings LLC Agreement. The Holdings LLC Agreement sets forth, among other things, the rights and obligations of the holders
of Holdings Units. 

Managing Member. Under
the Holdings LLC Agreement, we are the sole managing member of Holdings. As the sole managing member, we are able to control all of the day-to-day
business affairs and decision-making of Holdings without the approval of any other member, unless otherwise stated in the Holdings LLC
Agreement. As such, we, through our officers and directors, are responsible for all operational and administrative decisions of Holdings
and the day-to-day management of Holdings business. Pursuant to the terms of the Holdings LLC Agreement, we may not resign
or cease to be the managing member of Holdings unless proper provision is made, in compliance with the Holdings LLC Agreement, so that
our obligations, our successor (if applicable) and any new managing member and the rights of all members under the Holdings LLC Agreement
and applicable law remain in full force and effect. 

Compensation; Reimbursement. We
are not entitled to compensation for our services as managing member. We, as managing member, and other members of Holdings will be entitled
to reimbursement by Holdings for all costs, fees, operating expenses and other expenses of Holdings (including the costs, fees and expenses
of attorneys, accountants or other professionals and the compensation of all personnel providing services to Holdings) incurred in pursuing
and conducting, or otherwise related to, the activities of Holdings. 

Distributions. Distributions
to Holdings equity holders may be declared by the managing member out of funds legally available therefor in such amounts and
on such terms (including the payment dates of such distributions) as the managing member shall determine (in its sole discretion in accordance
with the fiduciary duties as provided in the Holdings LLC Agreement) using such record date as the managing member may designate; provided
that, so long as the Preferred Units remained outstanding, such distributions were only allowed to be declared at the end of a quarter
so long as there remained funds legally available therefor after the cash payments required to be paid to the Preferred Unitholders in
such quarter. As previously discussed, the Preferred Units were redeemed in full on February 25, 2021. Any distribution to
Holdings equity holders shall be made as of the close of business on the applicable record date on a pro rata basis (subject to
certain exceptions) in accordance with the number of Holdings Units owned by each member as of the close of business on such record
date. 

Common Unit Redemption
Right. The Holdings LLC Agreement provides that BCP, and following the date that was six months from
the consummation of the Atlas Business Combination, each of the other members of Holdings (other than we and our subsidiaries) has a
right to cause Holdings to redeem from time to time, all or a portion of such member s Holdings Units (together with an equal
number of shares of Class B common stock) for either (x) the delivery by Holdings of a number of shares of Class A common
stock equal to the number of Holdings Units surrendered or (y) at Holdings election made in accordance with the Holdings
LLC Agreement, the delivery by Holdings of cash equal to the Cash Election Amount (as defined in the Holdings LLC Agreement) calculated
with respect to such redemption. 

If (i) there is any
reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or other similar transaction pursuant to which the shares of Class A common stock
are converted or changed into another security, securities or other property, or (ii) we, by dividend or otherwise, distribute to
all holders of the shares of Class A common stock evidences of our indebtedness or assets, including securities (including shares
of Class A common stock and any rights, options or warrants to all holders of the shares of Class A common stock to subscribe
for, to purchase or to otherwise acquire shares of Class A common stock, or other securities or rights convertible into, or exchangeable
or exercisable for, shares of Class A common stock) but excluding any cash dividend or distribution as well as any such distribution
of indebtedness or assets received by us from Holdings in respect of the Holdings Units, then upon any subsequent redemption, in addition
to the shares of Class A common stock or the Cash Election Amount, as applicable, each member of Holdings shall be entitled to receive
the amount of such security, securities or other property that such member would have received if such redemption had occurred immediately
prior to the effective date of such reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization, other similar transaction, dividend or other
distribution, taking into account any adjustment as a result of any subdivision (by any split, distribution or dividend, reclassification,
reorganization, recapitalization or otherwise) or combination (by reverse split, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) of
such security, securities or other property that occurs after the effective time of such reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization
or other similar transaction. 

71 

Amendment No. 1 to the Holdings LLC
Agreement 

On February 25, 2021,
the Company, in its capacity as the managing member of Holdings, entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Holdings LLC Agreement to allow
Holdings, at the direction of the Board, to redeem all of the Preferred Units at any time using the proceeds from the refinancing
of the 2020 Credit Agreement. 

Voting and Support Agreement 

As an inducement to GI Parent
and the Company entering into the GI Merger Agreement, on January 30, 2023, AS M SPV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
and Arrow Environmental SPV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together, the Holders ), which collectively beneficially
own, in the aggregate, approximately 43 of the Company s outstanding common stock entered into a Voting and Support Agreement
with the Company (the Voting Agreement ), by and among the Company, GI Parent, GI Merger Sub and the Holders, pursuant to
which each Holder has agreed to vote its shares in favor of the matters to be submitted to the Company s stockholders in connection
with the GI Merger, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Voting Agreement. 

The
Voting Agreement provides that if the Board changes its recommendation with regard to the Company s stockholders approval
of the GI Merger Agreement, then the number of the Holders shares of the Company s common stock subject to the obligations
under the Voting Agreement will be reduced such that the aggregate number of shares required to vote in favor of the GI Merger will be
equal to at least the percentage of aggregate voting power with respect to all outstanding shares of the Company s common stock
held by stockholders of the Company (excluding the Holder) voting in favor of approving the GI Merger Agreement, and transactions contemplated
thereby, multiplied by such Holder s shares of the Company s common stock subject to the obligations under the Voting Agreement. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
FEES AND SERVICES 

The following is a summary
of fees paid to Grant Thornton LLP Grant Thornton ), Houston, TX (Auditor Firm ID: 36-6055558), our independent registered
public accounting firm, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees and Services 

On March 9, 2022, the Audit
Committee approved the appointment of Grant Thornton to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid to Grant Thornton for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees
billed by Grant Thornton for professional services rendered for the audit of Atlas Intermediate and ATC Group s (and the Company s
following the Atlas Business Combination) annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in the Company s
Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for services rendered in the years ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 amounted to 1,124,919 and 1,071,660, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures
and audit fees, as well as attendance at Audit Committee meetings. 

72 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related services consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Fees billed by Grant Thornton
for professional services rendered, for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review
of the financial statements for the Company for services rendered in the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021 amounted to 0 and 0, respectively. 

Tax Fees 

We did not pay Grant Thornton
for tax compliance services in the years ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

All Other Fees 

Grant Thornton rendered no
other services and we did not pay Grant Thornton any other fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 or December 31,
2021. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and
Procedures 

The Audit Committee, on at
least an annual basis, reviews audit and non-audit services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm as well as
the fees charged for such services. Our policy is that all audit and non-audit services must be pre-approved by the Audit Committee.
All of such services and fees were pre-approved during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 by the Audit Committee. 

73 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The following documents are
filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial
 Statements 

The consolidated financial statements
filed as part of this report are listed on the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) Financial
 Statement Schedules 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this
report the exhibits listed in the below Exhibit Index. 

74 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Unit
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 12, 2019, by and among the Company, Atlas TC Holdings LLC, Atlas TC Buyer LLC, Atlas Intermediate
 Holdings LLC and Atlas Technical Consultants Holdings LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 13, 2019). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2020, by and among the Company, Atlas TC Holdings LLC, Atlas TC Buyer LLC,
 Atlas Intermediate Holdings LLC and Atlas Technical Consultants LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 23, 2020). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger, dated January 30, 2023, by and among the Company, GI Apple Midco LLC, and GI Apple Merger Sub LLC. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Third
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 22, 2022). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 22, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated November 15, 2018, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21, 2018). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2020, by and among the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 17, 2020). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen
 Class A common stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form
 S-1 (File No. 333-228018), filed with the SEC on November 15, 2018). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
 333-228018), filed with the SEC on November 15, 2018). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2020 between Atlas TC Holdings LLC and GSO COF III AIV-2 LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Support
 Letter, dated as of February 14, 2020, between Boxwood Merger Corp. and GSO Capital Partners LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Credit
 Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2020, by and among Atlas TC Holdings LLC, Atlas TC Buyer LLC, Atlas Intermediate Holdings LLC,
 the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto, and Macquarie Capital Funding LLC, as administrative agent and collateral
 agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February
 14, 2020). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated March 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amendment
 No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated March 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Credit
 Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2021, by and among Atlas TC Holdings LLC, Atlas Intermediate Holdings LLC, the lenders and issuing
 banks from time to time party thereto, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Credit
 Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2021, by Atlas TC Holdings LLC, Atlas Intermediate Holdings LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
 administrative agent, swingline lender, an issuing bank and lender and the other lenders from time to time thereto (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021). 
 
 10.8 
 
 First
 Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated August 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 5, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Nomination
 Agreement dated as of February 14, 2020, by and among Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc., BCP Energy Services Fund, LP, BCP Energy
 Services Fund-A, LP and BCP Energy Services Executive Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2020, by and among Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. and Atlas Technical Consultants Holdings
 LP and its limited partners (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
 the SEC on February 14, 2020). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2020, by and among Boxwood Merger Corp. and GSO Capital Opportunities Fund III LP (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020). 

75 

10.12 
 
 Voting
 Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2020, by and between Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. and Boxwood Sponsor LLC (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Lockup
 Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2020, by and between Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. and Boxwood Sponsor LLC (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Atlas TC Holdings LLC, dated as of February 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Atlas TC Holdings LLC, dated as of February 25, 2021, by
 Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on February 26, 2020). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Restrictive
 Covenant Agreement, dated February 14, 2020, by and among Atlas Technical Consultants Holdings LP, Atlas Technical Consultants, SPV,
 LLC and Arrow Environmental SPV, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Atlas
 Technical Consultants, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Commitment
 Letter, dated as of January 23, 2020, by and among Boxwood Merger Corp., Atlas TC Holdings LLC and GSO Capital Partners LP (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 23, 2020). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Closing
 Payment Letter, dated as of January 23, 2020, by and among Boxwood Merger Corp., Atlas TC Holdings LLC and GSO Capital Partners LP
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 23, 2020). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Forfeiture
 Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2020, by and among Boxwood Sponsor, LLC and Atlas Technical Consultants Holdings LP (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 23, 2020). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Commitment Letter, dated as of January 23, 2020, by and among Boxwood Merger Corp., Macquarie Capital Funding LLC, Macquarie
 Capital (USA) Inc. and Natixis, New York Branch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 23, 2020). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Debt
 Commitment Letter, dated August 12, 2019, by and among Boxwood Merger Corp., Macquarie Capital Funding LLC, Macquarie Capital (USA)
 Inc. and Natixis, New York Branch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on August 13, 2019). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2019, by and between Boxwood Merger Corp. and L. Joe Boyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 13, 2019). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Stockholder
 Support Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2019, by and between Atlas Technical Consultants Holdings LP, Boxwood Sponsor LLC, MIHI
 Boxwood Sponsor LLC, MIHI LLC, Boxwood Management Company, LLC and the Company s officers and directors (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 13, 2019). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated November 15, 2018, among the Company, Boxwood Sponsor, LLC, and each of the officers and directors of the Company
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21, 2018). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement, dated November 15, 2018, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21, 2018). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated November 15, 2018, among the Company, Boxwood Sponsor, LLC and initial stockholders party thereto (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21, 2018). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated November 15, 2018, between the Company and Boxwood Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21, 2018). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Expense
 Advancement Agreement, dated November 15, 2018, between the Company and Boxwood (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21, 2018). 

76 

10.30 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated November 15, 2018, between the Company and Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21, 2018). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated November 15, 2018, among the Company, MIHI LLC and Boxwood Management Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21, 2018). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Promissory
 Note, Dated August 22, 2018, issued to Boxwood Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 26, 2018). 
 
 10.33 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement, dated June 28, 2017, between the Registrant and MIHI LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 26, 2018). 
 
 10.34 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed with the SEC on October 26, 2018). 
 
 10.35 
 
 Securities
 Assignment Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2018, between Boxwood Sponsor LLC and the independent director nominees (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 26, 2018). 
 
 10.36 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
 the SEC on March 09, 2020). 
 
 10.37 
 
 Form
 of RSU Award Agreement (Director) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form S-8 filed
 with the SEC on April 17, 2020). 
 
 10.38 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2020, by and between Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. and David Quinn (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020). 
 
 10.39 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2020, by and between Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. and Gary Cappa (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020). 
 
 10.40 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2020, by and between Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. and Walter Powell (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020). 
 
 10.41 
 
 Form
 of RSU Award Agreement (Employee) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020). 
 
 10.42 
 
 Form
 of RSU Award Agreement (Current Executive) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021). 
 
 10.43 
 
 Form
 of RSU Award Agreement (Future Executive) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021). 
 
 10.44 
 
 Form
 of PSU Award Agreement (Employee) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021). 
 
 10.45 
 
 Form
 of PSU Award Agreement (Executive) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021). 
 
 10.46 
 
 Form
 of RSU Award Agreement (Executive) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed with the SEC on May 11, 2022). 
 
 10.47 
 
 Form
 of PSU Award Agreement (Executive) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed with the SEC on May 11, 2022). 
 
 10.48 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2021, by and between Atlas Technical Consultants LLC and L. Joe Boyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Company's Annual Report filed March 15, 2022). 
 
 10.49 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2021, by and between Atlas Technical Consultants LLC and David D. Quinn, Sr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company's Annual Report filed March 15, 2022). 
 
 10.50 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2021, by and between Atlas Technical Consultants LLC and Jonathan Parnell
 (incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2022). 
 
 10.51 
 
 Voting
 Agreement, dated January 30, 2023, by and among Parent, AS M SPV, LLC, Arrow Environmental SPV LLC, and, for the purposes specified
 therein, the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
 SEC on January 31, 2023). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

Indicates
 management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

77 

ATLAS TECHNICAL CONSULTANTS, INC. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB # F-2 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 to F-29 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. 

Opinion on the financial statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 30,
2022, and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, other comprehensive income, shareholders deficit,
and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 30, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 30, 2022, and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended December 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis of Matter 

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company adopted ASC 842, Leases, effective January 1, 2022. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March 15, 2023 

F- 2 

ATLAS TECHNICAL CONSULTANTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Unbilled receivables, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other long-term assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Trade accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net of current maturities and loan
 costs 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 12) 

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

- 

- 

Additional paid in capital 

() 

() 
 
 Non-controlling interest 

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

- 

Retained deficit 

() 

() 

Total shareholders deficit 

() 

() 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 3 

ATLAS TECHNICAL CONSULTANTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

For the Year Ended 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues 

Subcontractor costs 

() 

() 
 
 Other costs of revenues 

() 

() 

Gross Profit 

Operating expenses: 

Personnel costs and benefits 

() 

() 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 

() 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of earnouts 

() 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Total Operating expenses 

() 

() 

Operating income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Income tax expense 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Provision for non-controlling interest 

Redeemable preferred stock dividends 

- 

() 

Net loss attributable to Class A common stock
 shareholders/members 

() 

() 

Loss per Class A common share 

() 

() 

Weighted average of shares outstanding: 

Class A common shares (basic and diluted) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

ATLAS TECHNICAL CONSULTANTS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(in thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 30, 
 2022 

December 31, 
 2021 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax effects: 

Change in fair value of derivative instruments 

- 

Total other comprehensive income 

- 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 
 
 Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Atlas 

() 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 5 

ATLAS TECHNICAL CONSULTANTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(in thousands) 

Class A 
 Common Stock 

Class B 
 Common Stock 

Additional 
 Paid in 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Non- 
 Controlling 

Retained 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income 

Interests 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

- 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Equity based compensation, net of share withheld for
 taxes 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of Common Stock 

- 

Conversion of shares 

() 

() 

() 

- 

Distribution to Noncontrolling Interests 

() 

() 
 
 Dividends on redeemable preferred
 stock 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

() 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

() 

- 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Equity based compensation, net of share withheld for
 taxes 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of Common Stock 

Conversion of shares 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Distributions to Partners 

() 

() 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income 

Balance at December 30, 2022 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 6 

ATLAS TECHNICAL CONSULTANTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands; continued next page) 

For the Year Ended 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided
 by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Equity based compensation expense 

Interest expense, paid in kind 

Gain on sale of property and equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Write-off of deferred financing costs related to
 debt extinguishment 

- 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Provision for bad debts 

Changes in assets liabilities: 

Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable and
 unbilled receivable 

() 
 
 (Increase) in prepaid expenses 

() 

() 
 
 (Increase) in other current assets 

() 

() 
 
 (Decrease) increase in trade accounts payable 

() 

(Decrease) in accrued liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 (Decrease) increase in other current and long-term
 liabilities 

() 

(Increase) decrease in other
 long-term assets 

() 

Net cash provided by operating
 activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 

Purchases of business, net
 of cash acquired 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used in investing
 activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of debt 

Payment of loan acquisition costs 

() 

() 
 
 Repayments of debt 

() 

() 
 
 Net payments (proceeds) on revolving line of credit 

() 
 
 Payment of contingent earn-out 

() 

() 
 
 Distributions to non-controlling interests 

() 

() 
 
 Payments of redeemable preferred stock dividends 

- 

() 
 
 Repayment of redeemable
 preferred stock 

- 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by financing
 activities 

Net change in cash and equivalents 

() 

() 
 
 Cash and equivalents - beginning
 of period 

Cash and equivalents - end
 of period 

Supplemental information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

Capital assets financed 

Contingent consideration, share settled 

Payroll taxes, share settled 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 7 

ATLAS TECHNICAL CONSULTANTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 8 

F- 9 

million and million, respectively, while the allowance for
unbilled receivables was million and million, respectively. The allowances reflect the Company s best estimate of collectability
risks on outstanding receivables and unbilled services. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

, respectively. 

F- 12 

F- 13 

Additions for acquisitions 

Adjustment to liability for changes in fair value 

Reduction of liability for payment made 

Total contingent consideration, as of December 30, 2022 

Current portion of contingent consideration 

Contingent consideration, less current portion 

million payment with shares of Class A common stock. 

F- 14 

million and million for years ended December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. This guidance also addresses de-recognition, classification,
interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and disclosure requirements for uncertain tax positions. 

F- 15 

million, plus an earnout of up to million. The Company issued 
shares of Class A common stock to the former owner of AEL, which represented million of the total consideration paid. AEL is a materials
testing and inspection firm based in Avenel, New Jersey, and provides steel, concrete, soil and other testing and inspection services
to a diverse mix of public and private clients primarily in New York and New Jersey. AEL added approximately 290 professionals to the
Company s workforce and is expected to strengthen the Company s materials testing and inspection services in the Northeast.
Total consideration may also be increased or decreased based on results in future years. Final value will be subject to the resolution
of certain contingencies. 

million in the form
of cash and stock consideration, plus an earnout of up to million. The Company issued shares of Class A common stock which
represented million of the total consideration received. Total consideration may also be increased or decreased based on results
in future years. Final value will be subject to the resolution of certain contingencies. 

F- 16 

million which was paid in a combination
of cash and shares of our Class A common stock, plus an earnout of up to million. TranSmart specializes in Intelligent Transportation
Systems (ITS) and engineering for transportation agencies and customers throughout the Midwest. TranSmart was founded in 1986 and is
headquartered in Chicago, Illinois employs approximately 100 employees specializing in ITS, engineering, design and construction/program
management services. The Company issued of Class A common stock which represented million of the total consideration received.
Total consideration may also be increased or decreased based on results in future years. Final value will be subject to the resolution
of certain contingencies. 

million which was paid in a combination of
cash and shares of our Class A common stock, plus an earnout of up to million. 1 Alliance is a provider of geospatial services to
transportation and water resources clients from its four offices within the Pacific Northwest. 1 Alliance, based in Bellevue, Washington,
was founded in 2012 and employs approximately 70 people. The Company issued of Class A common stock which represented million
of the total consideration received. Total consideration may also be increased or decreased based on results in future years. Final value
will be subject to the resolution of certain contingencies. 

million and million have been expensed in the years ended December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, in the Consolidated
Statement of Operations within operating expenses. 

Accounts receivable 

Unbilled receivable 
 
 -

Property and equipment 

Other current and long-term assets 
 
 -

Intangible assets 

Liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Consideration paid (cash and equity consideration) 

Contingent earnout liability at
 fair value (cash) 

Total Consideration 

Excess consideration over the amounts
 assigned to the net assets acquired (goodwill) 

F- 17 

to . Property
and equipment consist of the following: 

- years 
 
 Equipment and vehicles 

- years 
 
 Computers 

- years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

- years 
 
 Construction in progress 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

million and million for the years ended December 30, 2022 and December 31,
2021, respectively. 

F- 18 

Acquisitions 

Measurement period adjustments 

Balance as of December 30, 2022 

Tradenames 

Non-competes 

- 

Total intangibles 

million and million for the years ended December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

and thereafter is expected to be as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

F- 19 

The Term Loan Agreement refinances the Atlas Credit Agreement dated as of February
14, 2020, with Macquarie Capital Funding LLC, as administrative agent and certain lenders, which repayment was effectuated partially
in cash and partially by way of a cashless exchange of existing term loans and preferred equity for Term Loans. 

and the Revolver will mature on . 

million to an aggregate principal amount of million. 

F- 20 

Atlas 2021 credit agreement
 revolving 

- 

Atlas 2021 credit agreement
 PIK 

Subtotal 

Less: Loan costs, net 

() 

() 
 
 Less current maturities
 of long-term debt 

() 

() 
 
 Long-term debt 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

or depending on certain ratios. The Company is currently within the ratio that requires
 annual amortization and expects to remain at the level. Principal repayments commenced during the Company s second quarter
2022. 

F- 21 

million representing the fair value of the interest rate cap and the remaining
payments of the deferred premium. Six monthly payments have been made as of December 30, 2022. The fair value of the interest rate cap
as of December 30, 2022 increased by million and therefore there was a gain of million recorded in OCI for the year ended
December 30, 2022. The asset is included in other long-term assets and the liability is recorded as an other current liability of 
million and an other long-term liability of million as of December 30, 2022. 

Issuances 

Transfers to Class A from Class B 

() 
 
 Shares Outstanding at December 30, 2022 

and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding,
respectively. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. The Company is authorized
to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. 

and shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding,
respectively. Class B common stock was initially issued to the holders of Holdings Units in Atlas Intermediate in connection with the
Atlas Business Combination and are non-economic but entitle the holder to vote per share and may be converted to Class A shares at
any time by the holder. Conversion to Class A shares may result in a taxable event for the holder at the time of conversion. Subsequent
to the Atlas Business Combination, the Company has issued Class B common stock to certain acquisitions. The Company is authorized to
issue up to shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share but it is not allowed to issue any Class
B common stock to the public. 

F- 22 

The holders of our Class B common stock participate in and as of December 30, 2022
and December 31, 2021, respectively, of Atlas Intermediate and its subsidiaries. 

million
and million during the years ended December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

() 
 
 Provision for non-controlling interest 

Redeemable preferred stock dividends 

- 

() 
 
 Net loss attributable to Class A common shares - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per Class A common share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

million and million for the years ended December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

of the
RSUs awards granted each year but will continue to reassess its estimate on a quarterly basis. 

F- 23 

and restricted share units RSUs to approximately ninety employees
at a grant day fair market value of and per share, respectively. The Company estimates the fair value of the RSUs as the
closing price of the Company s Class A common stock on the grant date of the award, which is expensed over the applicable vesting
period. The fair market value on the date of issuance was million and million for the 2021 and 2020 grants, respectively. 

, , , and restricted share units RSUs at a grant
day fair market value of , , and per share, respectively. The Company estimates the fair value of the RSUs as
the closing price of the Company s Class A common stock on the grant date of the award, which is expensed over the applicable vesting
period. The fair market value on the date of issuance was million for the 2022 grants. 

RSUs of the Company s Class A common stock, par value , retroactive to
December 31, 2020. The value of these RSUs approximated million and is set to cliff vest on December 31, 2022. 

The
value of this grant was million. 

The value of this grant was million. 

performance share units PSUs to its leadership team. The PSUs have both performance
and market conditions that are required to be met for the shares to vest. The split between performance and market conditions is approximately
 and , respectively. If the conditions are met, the shares will cliff vest on the third anniversary of the award date. The
Company has accounted for the portion of the award tied to the achievement of performance conditions based upon share price of 
on the date of issuance and the probable number of shares anticipated to vest and accounted for the shares tied to market conditions
based upon the fair market value as calculated in a Monte Carlo simulation. The Company will assess the probability of the performance
conditions being achieved each quarter and adjust recorded stock compensation expense as appropriate. The fair market value as of the
grant date was million and million for the performance and market based share units, respectively. 

performance share units PSUs to its leadership team. The PSUs have both performance and market conditions
that are required to be met for the shares to vest. The split between performance and market conditions is approximately and ,
respectively. If the conditions are met, the shares will cliff vest on the third anniversary of the award date. The Company has accounted
for the portion of the award tied to the achievement of performance conditions based upon share price of on the date of issuance
and the probable number of shares anticipated to vest and accounted for the shares tied to market conditions based upon the fair market
value as calculated in a Monte Carlo simulation. The Company will assess the probability of the performance conditions being achieved
each quarter and adjust recorded stock compensation expense as appropriate. The fair market value as of the grant date was million
and million for the performance and market based share units, respectively. 

of the
RSUs awards granted each year but will continue to reassess its estimate on a quarterly basis. 

- 

- 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

- 

Forfeited 

() 

- 

Estimated forfeiture 

() 

- 

Nonvested balance as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

Estimated forfeiture 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Nonvested balance as of December 30, 2022 

F- 24 

of price-vested stock options (the options or stock options in aggregate
to its Chief Executive, Chief Financial, and Chief Strategy Officers (collectively the option awardees ). These options
vested equally in four tranches on the second, third, fourth and fifth anniversary of the option grant date and is dependent upon the
option awardees remaining employed by the Company and the stock price on the applicable tranche anniversary to be equal to or exceed
a prescribed share price within the stock option agreement. The strike price of each option for each tranche is , which was the
Company s closing stock price on the option grant date. The Company has valued the options at fair market value based upon a Monte
Carlo with Geometric Brown Motion simulation and will recognize the compensation cost for each tranche over a range of to years
with values per option ranging from to . The fair market value of the options as of the grant date was million. 

million and million for the years ended December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

million and million, respectively. 

million and 
million for the years ended December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F- 25 

State 

Total current income tax expense 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 
 
 State 

Total deferred income tax expense 

Total income tax expense 

F- 26 

Transaction costs 

Accruals and reserves 

Loss carryforwards 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Basis difference in flow-through entity 

() 

() 
 
 Goodwill 

() 

() 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

and for the periods ending December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Reconciliation
between the amount determined by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of to pretax income from continuing operations and income
tax expense is attributable to changes in our mix of pre-tax losses/earnings, valuation allowance and the effect of non-controlling interest
in income of consolidated subsidiaries. 

million
and million, as of December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, to reduce net deferred tax assets to an amount that management
believes is more than likely to be realized. 

million and 
million, respectively. A portion of the federal net operating loss carryforward was incurred prior to the enactment of the 2017 Tax
Cuts and Jobs Act and is therefore subject to expiration. Federal net operating loss carryforwards subject to expiration will begin
to expire in 2026. The remaining federal net operating loss carryforwards incurred after the enactment of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act carryforward indefinitely. 

to years and some have options
to terminate at the Company s discretion. The Company s vehicle and office equipment leases generally have fixed payments
with expiration dates ranging from 2022 to 2026. Renewal options are included in the lease term if it is reasonably certain that the
Company will exercise those options. Periods for which the Company is reasonably certain not to exercise termination options are also
included in the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, the Company has made an accounting policy election to not recognize
right-of-use (ROU) assets or lease liabilities for qualifying leases. For these leases, the Company recognizes lease expense on a straight-line
basis over the lease term. 

F- 27 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less: Present value discount 

Lease liability 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 

Current lease liabilities (included in other current liabilities) 

Non-current lease liabilities (included in other long-term liabilities) 

Right-of-use assets (included in other long-term assets) 

F- 28 

, subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in the equity commitment letter, and have each agreed to fund certain other obligations of Parent and Merger Sub in connection with the
Merger, including payment of a termination fee of from Parent, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in that certain
limited guarantee agreement in favor of the Company. The net proceeds contemplated by the equity commitment letter will in the aggregate
be sufficient for Parent and Merger Sub to pay the aggregate Per Share Price, the equity award consideration and any other amount (including
fees or expenses) required to be paid by Parent or Merger Sub in connection with the consummation of the Merger and the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

F- 29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ATLAS
 TECHNICAL CONSULTANTS, INC. 

/s/
 L. Joe Boyer 

Name: 
 L.
 Joe Boyer 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: March 15, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS,
that each person whose signature appears below appoints L. Joe Boyer, David D. Quinn, Sr. and Walter Powell, jointly and severally, his
attorney-in-fact, each with the full power of substitution, for such person, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each
and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might
do or could do in person hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute, may do
or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ L. Joe
 Boyer 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 L. Joe Boyer 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ David
 D. Quinn, Sr. 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 David D. Quinn, Sr. 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Walter G. Powell 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 March
 15, 2023 
 
 Walter G. Powell 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ R. Foster
 Duncan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 R. Foster Duncan 

/s/ Brian
 Ferraioli 
 
 Executive Chairman and Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Brian Ferraioli 

/s/ Thomas
 Henley 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Thomas Henley 

/s/ Leonard
 K. Lemoine 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Leonard K. Lemoine 

/s/ Raquel
 G. Richmond 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Raquel G. Richmond 

/s/ Collis
 Temple 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Collis Temple 

/s/ Daniel
 G. Weiss 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Daniel G. Weiss 

78 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-3_atlastech.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES.

Exhibit 4.3 

 DESCRIPTION
OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

The following summary of the
material terms of our securities is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities. We urge you
to read our charter and bylaws in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities, copies of
which have been filed with the SEC. 

Authorized and Outstanding Stock 

 Our charter authorizes the issuance
of (a) 501,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of (x) 500,000,000 authorized shares of common stock, including (1) 400,000,000
authorized shares of Class A common stock, (2) 100,000,000 authorized shares of Class B common stock and (y) 1,000,000 authorized shares
of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of March 13, 2023, there were 38,452,047 shares of Class A common Stock outstanding;
(b) 1,268,253 shares of Class B common stock outstanding; and (c) no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

Common Stock 

Class A common stock 

Holders of our Class A common stock
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Unless specified in our charter or our bylaws,
or as required by the applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our
outstanding shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our Board is divided
into three classes, each of which generally serves for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year.
There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares
voted in the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as
and if declared by the Board out of funds legally available therefor. 

Class B common stock 

The Class B common stock is a voting,
non-economic class of common stock, with a par value of 0.0001 per share. Holders of the Class B common stock vote together as a single
class with holders of our Class A common stock on all matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of Class B
common stock generally have the right to cause Atlas TC Holdings LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and a Delaware limited
liability company Holdings to redeem all or a portion of their common units of Holdings Holdings Units in exchange for shares of the Class A common stock or, at Holdings option, an equivalent amount of cash. Upon the future exchange
of Holdings Units held by any holder of Class B common stock, a corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock held by such holder
of Class B common stock will be canceled. Our charter provides that Class B common stock is not entitled to receive dividends, if declared
by our Board, or to receive any portion of any such assets in respect of their shares upon liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets
or winding up of the post-combination company. 

Voting Power 

Except as otherwise required by
law or as otherwise provided in any certificate of designation for any series of preferred stock, the holders of our common stock will
possess all voting power for the election of the Company s directors and all other matters requiring stockholder action and will
at all times vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Company. Holders of our common stock
are entitled to one vote per share on matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Dividends 

Holders of Class A common stock
will be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our Board in our discretion
out of funds legally available therefor and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions. Holders of Class
B common stock are not entitled to share in any such dividends or other distributions. 

Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding-Up 

In the event of the voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding up of the Company, the holders of Class A common stock will be
entitled to receive an equal amount per share of all of the Company s assets of whatever kind available for distribution to stockholders,
after the rights of the holders of the preferred stock have been satisfied and after payment or provision for payment of the debts and
other liabilities of the Company. Holders of Class B common stock are not entitled to receive any portion of any such assets in respect
of their shares of Class B common stock. 

Preemptive or Other Rights 

The Company s stockholders
have no preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the common stock. 

Election of Directors 

The Board is classified into three
classes, designated as Class I, Class II and Class III. Messrs. Ferraioli and Boyer and Ms. Richmond currently serve as Class I directors
(the Class I Directors ), Messrs. Weiss and Duncan currently serve as Class II directors (the Class II Directors and Messrs. Henley, Lemoine and Temple currently serve as Class III directors (the Class III Directors ). The Class I Directors 
term will expire at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders; the Class II Directors term will expire at the 2024 annual meeting
of stockholders; and the Class III Directors term will expire at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. At each succeeding annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Company, the successors to the class of directors whose term expires at that meeting will be elected
by plurality vote of all votes cast at such meeting to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the
third year following the year of their election. 

Preferred Stock 

Our charter provides that shares
of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our Board is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations,
powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our Board is able, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with voting
and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover
effects. The ability of our Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or
preventing a change of control of the Company or the removal of existing management. 

Registration Rights 

Continuing Members Registration Rights Agreement 

On February 14, 2020, in connection
with the consummation of the Atlas Business Combination, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the Continuing
Members RRA with Atlas Holdings and its limited partners (the Continuing Members ). Under the Continuing Members
RRA, the Company has certain obligations to register for resale under the Securities Act all or any portion of the shares of the Class
A common stock that the Continuing Members hold as of the date of the Continuing Members RRA and that they may acquire thereafter, including
upon the exchange or redemption of any other security therefor (collectively, the Continuing Member Registrable Securities ). 

Following the consummation of the
Atlas Business Combination, the Company filed a registration statement registering the resale of the Continuing Member Registrable Securities.
Additionally, Atlas Technical Consultants SPV, LLC and Arrow Environmental SPV LLC (together, BCP may demand an unlimited
number of underwritten offerings for all or part of the Continuing Member Registrable Securities held by BCP and the other Continuing
Members under the Continuing Member RRA. 

Holders of the Continuing Member
Registrable Securities have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements. The company
will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar
for our common stock and warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

Listing of Securities 

Our Class A common stock is listed
on the Nasdaq under the symbol ATCX. Our warrants were previously listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol ATCXW. 
In November 2020, all warrants were exchanged for Class A common stock, and on December 2, 2020, Nasdaq filed a Form 25 to deregister
the warrants from the exchange. 

2 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_atlastech.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Formation or Incorporation 
 
 Alta Vista Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Atlantic Engineering Laboratories, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Atlas TC Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Atlas Intermediate Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Atlas Technical Consultants Sole Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Atlas Technical Consultants LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 ATC Sole Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Arrow Environmental Holdings GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Arrow Environmental Holdings LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Arrow ATC Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 ATC Group Partners LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 ATC Group Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 ATC Group Services LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 ATC Group Services (CA) Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 ATC Group Services (CT) Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 ATC Group Services (MA) Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 ATC Group Services (MI) LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 ATC Associates of North Carolina, P.C. 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 Atlas ATC Engineering Inc. 
 
 New York 
 
 ATC Engineering, LLP 
 
 New York 
 
 Long Engineering, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 O Neill Service Group LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Quality Assurance Engineering, Inc. 
 
 California 
 
 Caitcon, LLC 
 
 California 
 
 Atlas Engineering West Inc. 
 
 California 
 
 1 Alliance Geomatics, LLC 
 
 Washington 
 
 TranSmart Technologies, LLC 
 
 Wisconsin 
 
 TranSmart, LLC 
 
 Illinois 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_atlastech.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our report dated March 15, 2023,
with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Atlas
Technical Consultants, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264016 and 333-256857), on Form S-3/A (File No. 333-256857), and on Form S-8 (File
No. 333-251041). 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Houston, Texas 

 March 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_atlastech.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, L. Joe Boyer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2022 of Atlas Technical Consultants,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 15, 2023 
 
 /s/ L. Joe Boyer 

L. Joe Boyer 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_atlastech.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, David D. Quinn Sr., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2022 of Atlas Technical Consultants,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 15, 2023 
 
 /s/ David D. Quinn Sr. 

David D. Quinn Sr. 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_atlastech.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002) 

In connection
with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 30, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, L. Joe Boyer, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 15, 2023 
 
 /s/ L. Joe Boyer 

L. Joe Boyer 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_atlastech.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 30, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David D. Quinn Sr., Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 15, 2023 
 
 /s/ David D. Quinn Sr. 

David D. Quinn Sr. 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 atcx-20221230.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 atcx-20221230_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 atcx-20221230_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 atcx-20221230_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 atcx-20221230_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

