<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230209_10-K_edgar_data_55785_0000055785-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16851037</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>319751</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2308003</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6378837</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3981324</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3566097</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000055785-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230209105130
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000055785-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KIMBERLY CLARK CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000055785
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONVERTED PAPER & PAPERBOARD PRODS (NO CONTAINERS/BOXES) [2670]
		IRS NUMBER:				390394230
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00225
		FILM NUMBER:		23601986

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		351 PHELPS DRIVE
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9722811200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 619100
		STREET 2:		DFW AIRPORT STATION
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75261-9100

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000055785-23-000012.txt : 20230209

10-K
 1
 kmb-20221231.htm
 10-K

kmb-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022 (based on closing stock price on the New York Stock Exchange as of such date) was approximately billion. 
 As of January 31, 2023, there were shares of Kimberly-Clark common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page Part I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 4 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 
 Item 2. Properties 
 10 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 10 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 11 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 13 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 13 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 30 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 67 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 67 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 68 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 68 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 69 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 69 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 69 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 69 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 69 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 70 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 72 
 Signatures 
 73 

KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Kimberly-Clark Corporation was founded in 1872 and incorporated in Delaware in 1928. We are a global company focused on delivering products and solutions that provide better care for a better world through product innovation and building our personal care, consumer tissue and K-C Professional brands. We are principally engaged in the manufacturing and marketing of a wide range of products mostly made from natural or synthetic fibers using advanced technologies in fibers, nonwovens and absorbency. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms "Corporation," "Kimberly-Clark," "K-C," "we," "our" and "us" refer to Kimberly-Clark Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Dollar amounts are reported in millions, except per share dollar amounts, unless otherwise noted. 
 Description of Kimberly-Clark 
 We are organized into operating segments based on product groupings. These operating segments have been aggregated into three reportable global business segments as follows: 
 Personal Care brands offer our consumers a trusted partner in caring for themselves and their families by delivering confidence, protection and discretion through a wide variety of innovative solutions and products such as disposable diapers, training and youth pants, swimpants, baby wipes, feminine and incontinence care products, reusable underwear and other related products. Products in this segment are sold under the Huggies, Pull-Ups, Little Swimmers, GoodNites, DryNites, Sweety, Kotex, U by Kotex, Intimus, Thinx, Poise, Depend, Plenitud, Softex and other brand names. 
 Consumer Tissue offers a wide variety of innovative solutions and trusted brands that responsibly improve everyday living for families around the world. Products in this segment include facial and bathroom tissue, paper towels, napkins and related products, and are sold under the Kleenex, Scott, Cottonelle, Andrex, Viva, Scottex, Neve and other brand names. 
 K-C Professional partners with businesses to create Exceptional Workplaces, helping to make them healthier, safer and more productive through a range of solutions and supporting products such as wipers, tissue, towels, apparel, soaps and sanitizers. Our brands, including Kleenex, Scott, WypAll, Kimtech and KleenGuard are well known for quality and trusted to help people around the world work better. 
 These reportable segments were determined in accordance with how our chief operating decision maker and our executive managers develop and execute our global strategies to drive growth and profitability of our personal care, consumer tissue and K-C Professional operations. These strategies include global plans for branding and product positioning, technology, research and development programs, cost reductions including supply chain management and capacity, and capital investments for each of these businesses. 
 Products for household use are sold directly to supermarkets, mass merchandisers, drugstores, warehouse clubs, variety and department stores and other retail outlets, as well as through other distributors and e-commerce. Products for away-from-home use are sold through distributors, directly to manufacturing, lodging, office building, food service, and high-volume public facilities, and through e-commerce. 
 Our largest customer, Walmart Inc., represented approximately 13 percent in 2022, 14 percent in 2021 and 15 percent in 2020 of our consolidated net sales. Net sales to Walmart Inc. were primarily in the Personal Care and Consumer Tissue segments. 
 On February 24, 2022, we completed our acquisition of a majority and controlling share of Thinx Inc. Thinx ), an industry leader in the reusable period and incontinence underwear category, for total consideration of 181 consisting of cash of 53, the fair value of our previously held equity investment of 127, and certain share-based award costs of 1. See Item 8, Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for details on the Thinx acquisition. 
 On October 24, 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our Neve tissue brand and related consumer and K-C Professional tissue assets in Brazil for 175, subject to certain working capital and other closing adjustments. The transaction also includes a licensing agreement to allow the acquirer to manufacture and market in Brazil the Kleenex, Scott and Wypall brands to consumers and away-from-home customers for a period of time. The transaction is pending customary conditions and 
 
 1 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

regulatory approval and is expected to close in the first half of 2023. The assets included in the sale agreement have been reclassified to Other current assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 Patents and Trademarks 
 We own various patents and trademarks registered domestically and in many foreign countries. We consider the patents and trademarks that we own and the trademarks under which we sell certain of our products to be material to our business. Consequently, we seek patent and trademark protection by all available means, including registration. 
 Raw Materials 
 Cellulose fiber, in the form of kraft pulp or fiber recycled from recovered waste paper, is the primary raw material for our tissue products, and in the form of fluff pulp, is a component of disposable diapers, training and youth pants, feminine pads and incontinence care products. 
 Polypropylene and other synthetics and chemicals are the primary raw materials for manufacturing nonwoven fabrics, which are used in disposable diapers, training and youth pants, wet wipes, feminine pads, incontinence care products, and away-from-home wipers and apparel. Superabsorbent materials are important components of disposable diapers, training and youth pants and incontinence care products. 
 Raw materials are purchased from third parties, and we consider the supply to be adequate to meet the needs of our businesses. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors." 
 Competition 
 We have several major competitors in most of our markets, some of which are larger and more diversified than us. The principal methods and elements of competition include brand recognition and loyalty, product innovation, quality and performance, price, and marketing and distribution capabilities. For additional discussion of the competitive environment in which we conduct our business, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors." 
 Foreign Market Risks 
 We operate and market our products globally, and our business strategy includes targeted growth in Latin America, Asia, Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors" for a discussion of foreign market risks that may affect our financial results. 
 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability 
 Better care for a better world begins with working to ensure the health and safety of our customers, consumers, and employees, promoting inclusion, equity and diversity within our business, and making efforts to protect the rights of workers across our supply chain. We also believe we can make meaningful contributions to gender equality, clean water and sanitation, climate action and responsible consumption and production. Our sustainability strategy puts our brand, supply chain and innovation teams to work with the goal of creating shared value by addressing global challenges and is focused on addressing impactful climate-related risks and opportunities throughout our value chain . 
 We are committed to making lives better while working to safeguard the earth s natural systems. We implement this commitment by considering our sustainability goals during our business and capital planning processes, aligning the priorities of our supply chain, brand and innovation teams, and establishing meaningful performance indicators. Our environmental priorities include reducing our use of new fossil fuel-based plastic, while enabling circular systems to recover the materials in our products and packaging; reducing our products use of natural forest fiber, while protecting forest biodiversity and supporting forest dependent communities; reducing greenhouse gas emissions along our value chain, with goals approved by the Science Based Targets initiative ("SBTi"); and building resilience to water risk at our facilities and in our communities in water-stressed regions around the world. The United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals are accepted as the best shared definition of what needs to be done over the next decade, and we have aligned our goals with that framework. Progress on our strategy is outlined in our sustainability and Task Force on Climate-Related Disclosure ("TCFD") reports . 
 
 2 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

For 2023 and 2024, we expect total capital expenditures for voluntary environmental controls or controls necessary to comply with legal requirements relating to the protection of the environment at our facilities to be approximately 45 and 55, respectively. Total operating expenses for environmental compliance, including pollution control equipment operation and maintenance costs, governmental fees, and research and engineering costs, are expected to be approximately 115 in 2023 and 100 in 2024. 
 Total environmental capital expenditures and operating expenses are not expected to have a material effect on our total capital and operating expenditures, consolidated earnings or competitive position. Current environmental spending estimates could be modified as a result of changes in our plans or changes in legal requirements, including any requirements related to global climate change or other factors. 
 Regulatory Compliance 
 We are subject to many laws and regulations across all the countries in which we do business, and we are particularly impacted by those relating to product safety, environmental protection and data privacy and protection. 
 We are obligated to comply with regulations that cover product safety, efficacy, manufacturing, advertising, labeling and safety reporting. These include requirements that we provide a label that highlights perceived concerns about a product or warns consumers of risks of using our products. In some cases, it may be necessary to initiate product recalls if safety risks are considered to exist. All our facilities and other operations are subject to various environmental protection statutes and regulations, including those relating to the use of water resources and the discharge of wastewater. We are also subject to various laws and regulations related to data privacy and protection, including the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), Brazil's General Data Protection Law ("LGPD"), China's Personal Information Protection Law ("PIPL"), and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"). 
 Our policy is to abide by all applicable laws and regulations, and we have internal programs in place to manage global compliance with these various requirements. We monitor each of these areas for new or changed regulatory requirements, particularly in the rapidly evolving area of data privacy and protection. We have made, and plan to continue making, necessary expenditures for compliance with applicable laws and regulations; however, total capital expenditures and operating expenses related to compliance are not expected to have a material effect on our total capital and operating expenditures, consolidated earnings or competitive position. 
 Human Capital Management 
 We had approximately 44,000 employees as of December 31, 2022 in our consolidated operations. Approximately 30 percent of our employees were located in North America and the remainder were in approximately 60 countries outside of North America. Overall, approximately 60 percent of our workforce was directly involved in manufacturing and distribution operations. 
 In order to recruit, retain, develop, protect and fairly compensate our employees, we focus on four key areas: inclusion, equity and diversity, health and safety, development and employee engagement, and compensation and benefits. 
 Inclusion, equity and diversity We believe our business success is intricately tied to creating workplaces, communities and experiences where inclusion, equity and diversity are evident and thriving. We prioritize the need to cultivate a workforce where all are included and empowered to do their best work. Employing people from disparate backgrounds, cultures, and experiences amplifies our ability to gather insights, foster innovation and understand the culture, context, and mindset of consumers around the world. As a company who serves consumers and communities, we work to cultivate a workforce comprised of people who look, think, and behave like the people who use our products now and in the future. As such, we support workforce inclusion, equity and diversity and consider it a fundamental business strategy. We continue to make progress on our short-and long-term goals for women and U.S. People of Color in all management roles. The Management Development and Compensation Committee MDC of the Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing our inclusion, equity and diversity strategy and related metrics. 
 Health and safety We are committed to the health and safety of our employees. We create and administer company-wide policies and processes designed to protect our employees and to comply with applicable safety regulations. Health and safety training is regularly provided to our employees. We review and monitor our performance closely to drive continuous improvement in our safety programs. 
 
 3 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

In response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented additional workplace safety programs and processes in all our facilities. As the circumstances and impacts of COVID-19 evolve, we continue to evaluate our response and adapt to protect the health and safety of our employees. 
 Development and employee engagement Developing talent and leaders at all levels of the organization and engaging our employees is critical to our long-term success. We maintain talent and succession planning processes and have leadership and management development programs as well as broad learning opportunities for all employees to support their career growth and advance their skills. 
 We also offer employees the opportunity to join Employee Resource Groups ("ERGs"). These groups foster professional development, social connectivity, and celebrate diversity throughout our company. Current ERGs provide community and insights into the perspectives and experiences of those with African, Hispanic, Latino, and Asian ancestry, women, and LGBTQ+, as well as parents, caregivers, people with disabilities, military veterans, and new employees. Our ERGs promote career development by allowing employees to connect with and learn from one another and help amplify our inclusion, equity and diversity efforts. 
 Further, in regard to employee engagement, we hold regular Town Hall meetings where employees can ask questions of executives and make their voice heard. We also host global conversations about racism, bias and other important topics. We engage in continuous listening via global surveys, on an ongoing basis, that offer our employees the ability to provide feedback and valuable insight to help address potential issues and identify opportunities to improve and support employee engagement. 
 Compensation and benefits We provide market-based competitive compensation through our salary, annual incentive and long-term incentive programs and robust benefits packages that promote employee well-being across all aspects of their lives. Eligible employees are compensated for their contributions to our goals with both short-term cash incentives and long-term equity-based incentives. We also provide a variety of resources and services to help our employees plan for retirement. We believe the structure of our compensation packages provides the appropriate incentives to attract, retain and motivate our employees. 
 The MDC is responsible for establishing and administering the policies governing annual compensation and long-term compensation to ensure that the policies are designed to align compensation with our overall business strategy and performance. 
 Available Information 
 We make financial information, news releases and other information available on our corporate website at www.kimberly-clark.com . Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on this website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file these reports and amendments with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the SEC. Stockholders may also contact Stockholder Services, P.O. Box 612606, Dallas, Texas 75261-2606 to obtain a hard copy of these reports without charge. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our business faces many risks and uncertainties that we cannot control. Any of the risks discussed below, as well as factors described in other places in this Form 10-K, or in our other filings with the SEC, could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, these items could cause our future results to differ from those in any of our forward-looking statements. These risks are not the only ones we face. Other risks that we do not presently know about or that we presently believe are not material could also adversely affect us. 
 Business Operations 
 Significant increases in prices for raw materials, energy, transportation or other necessary supplies or services, without corresponding increases in our selling prices, could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Increases in the cost and availability of raw materials, including pulp and petroleum-based materials, the cost of energy, transportation and other necessary services, supplier constraints, supplier consolidation which could limit our sources of supply 
 
 4 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

for these items, an inability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relations or an inability to avoid disruptions in production output could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Cellulose fiber, in the form of kraft pulp or recycled fiber from recovered waste paper, is used extensively in our tissue products and is subject to significant price fluctuations. Cellulose fiber, in the form of fluff pulp, is a key component in our personal care products. In past years, pulp prices have experienced significant volatility. Increases in pulp prices or limits in the availability of recycled fiber could adversely affect our earnings if selling prices for our finished products are not adjusted or if these adjustments significantly trail the increases in pulp prices. We utilize a variety of pricing structures to manage these risks but have not used derivative instruments. 
 A number of our products, such as diapers, training and youth pants, feminine pads, incontinence care products and disposable wipes, contain certain materials that are principally derived from petroleum. These materials are subject to price fluctuations based on changes in petroleum prices, availability and other factors, with these prices experiencing significant volatility in recent years. We purchase these materials from a number of suppliers. Significant increases in prices for these materials could adversely affect our earnings if selling prices for our finished products are not adjusted, if these adjustments significantly trail the increases in prices for these materials, or if we do not utilize lower priced substitutes for these materials. 
 Our manufacturing operations utilize electricity, natural gas and petroleum-based fuels. To help ensure we use energy efficiently and cost-effectively, we maintain energy efficiency improvement programs at our manufacturing sites. Our contracts with energy suppliers vary as to price, payment terms, quantities and duration. Our energy costs are also affected by various market factors including the availability of supplies of particular forms of energy, energy prices and local and national regulatory decisions (including actions taken to address climate change and related market responses) and geopolitical factors. There can be no assurance that we will be fully protected against substantial changes in the price or availability of energy sources. 
 There can be no assurance that our efforts to minimize the impact of increased costs, including increasing selling prices, in response to the increased costs will be successful. 
 Cyber-attacks, privacy breaches, data breaches or a failure of key information technology systems could disrupt our business operations and cause us financial and reputational damage. 
 Increased cyber-security threats and computer crime pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, including those of third-party service providers with whom we have contracted, as well as the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the data stored on those systems. Further, data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations regarding the handling of personal data, such as the GDPR, LGPD, PIPL and CCPA. Any breach in our information technology security systems could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, including sensitive customer, supplier, employee or investor information maintained in the ordinary course of our business. Any such event, or any failure to comply with these data privacy requirements or other laws in this area, could cause damage to our reputation, loss of valuable information or loss of revenue and could result in legal liability , or regulatory or other penalties. In addition, we may incur large expenditures to investigate or remediate, to recover data, to repair or replace networks or information systems, or to protect against similar future events. 
 Our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, serve an important role in the efficient and effective operation and administration of our business. These systems could be damaged or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches, user or system errors, computer viruses or cyber-based attacks. The risk of cyber-based attacks is heightened with many of our employees working and accessing our technology infrastructure remotely. While we have contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events, if they were to occur and our disaster recovery plans do not effectively address the issues on a timely basis, we could suffer interruptions in our ability to manage our operations, which may adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 We are in the process of upgrading our enterprise resource planning system (known as SAP) to enhance operating efficiencies and provide more effective management of our business operations. The upgrade poses several challenges, including training of personnel, communication of new rules and procedures, migration of data, and the potential instability of the new system. Moreover, there is no assurance that the new system will meet our current and future business needs or that it will operate as 
 
 5 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

designed. Any significant failure or delay in the system upgrade could cause an interruption to our business and adversely affect our operations and financial results. 
 Our international operations are subject to foreign market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, currency restrictions and political, social and economic instability, which may adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our strategy includes operations growth outside the U.S., especially in developing markets such as China, Eastern Europe, ASEAN and Latin America. About half of our net sales come from markets outside the U.S. We and our equity companies have manufacturing facilities in 33 countries and sell products in a substantial majority of countries around the world. Our results may be substantially affected by a number of foreign market risks: 
 Exposure to the movement of various currencies against each other and the U.S. dollar. A portion of the exposures, arising from transactions and commitments denominated in non-local currencies, is systematically managed through foreign currency forward and swap contracts where available and economically advantageous. We do not generally hedge our income statement translation exposure with respect to foreign operations. 
 Increases in currency exchange restrictions. These restrictions could limit our ability to repatriate earnings from outside the U.S. or obtain currency exchange for U.S. dollar inputs to continue operating in certain countries. 
 Adverse political conditions. Risks related to political instability (including the war in Ukraine), expropriation, new or revised legal or regulatory constraints, difficulties in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights, and potentially adverse tax consequences could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Increases in dollar-based input costs for operations outside the U.S. due to weaker foreign exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar. There can be no assurance that we will be protected against substantial foreign currency fluctuations. 
 Greater economic volatility and vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. 
 The inability to effectively manage foreign market risk could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. See Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD A") and Item 8, Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding our adoption of highly inflationary accounting in Argentina and Turkey. 
 Our operations in Russia and the surrounding region are impacted by the war in Ukraine . 
 The war between Russia and Ukraine has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our operations in Russia and the surrounding region. Beginning in March 2022, we have implemented significant adjustments to our business in Russia. We have substantially curtailed media, advertising and promotional activity and suspended capital investments at our single manufacturing facility in Russia. Consistent with the humanitarian nature of our products, we manufacture and sell only essential items in Russia, such as baby diapers and feminine pads, which are critical to the health and hygiene of women, girls and babies. Our ability to continue our reduced operations in Russia may change as we continue to experience increased input costs, supply chain complexities, reduced consumer demand, restricted access to financial institutions and increased monetary, currency and payment controls. As the business, geopolitical, and regulatory environment concerning Russia evolves, we may not be able to sustain the limited manufacture and sale of our products, and our assets may be partially or fully impaired. Moreover, the war in Ukraine could result in cyber-based attacks to our information technology systems, disruptions to foreign exchange rates and financial and credit markets and amplify or affect the other risk factors set forth in this Part I, Item 1A, any of which may adversely affect our business. 
 We face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, which may have material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our business and financial results may be negatively impacted by health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had and could continue to have negative impacts on our business, including causing significant volatility in demand for our products, changes in consumer behavior and preference, disruptions in our manufacturing and supply chain operations, disruptions to our cost saving programs, limitations on our employees ability to work and travel, significant changes in the economic or political conditions in markets in which we operate and related currency and commodity volatility. Despite our efforts to manage these impacts, their ultimate impact also depends on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of any such outbreak and actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate its public health effects. 
 
 6 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Damage to the reputation of Kimberly-Clark or to one or more of our brands could adversely affect our business. 
 Developing and maintaining our reputation, as well as the reputation of our brands, is a critical factor in our relationship with consumers, customers, suppliers and others. Our inability to address adverse publicity or other issues, including concerns about product safety, quality, efficacy, environmental impacts (including packaging, energy and water use and waste management), inclusion, equity and diversity, human rights and other sustainability or similar matters, or breaches of consumer, customer, supplier, employee or other confidential information, real or perceived, could negatively impact sentiment towards us and our products and brands, and our business and financial results could suffer. In addition, our products could face withdrawal, recall or other quality issues. Consumers increasing use and reliance on social media for information could increase the risk of adverse publicity, potentially with negative perception of our products or brands. Our business and results could also be negatively impacted by the effects of product-related litigation, allegations of product tampering or contamination, or the distribution and sale of counterfeit products. 
 Disruption in our supply chain or our manufacturing or distribution operations could adversely affect our business . 
 Our ability to manufacture, distribute and sell products is critical to our operations. These activities are subject to inherent risks such as natural disasters, power outages, fires or explosions, labor strikes or labor shortages, terrorism, epidemics, pandemics (including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic), import restrictions, regional economic, business, environmental or political events (including the war in Ukraine), governmental regulatory requirements or nongovernmental voluntary actions in response to global climate change or other concerns regarding the sustainability of our business, which could disrupt our supply chain and impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. This interruption, if not mitigated in advance or otherwise effectively managed, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to address. 
 We have a complex network of suppliers, including a number of sole-source and single-source suppliers for certain commodities and raw material inputs. In addition, third parties manufacture some of our products and provide certain administrative services. Disruptions or delays at these suppliers, third-party manufacturers or service providers due to the reasons above or the failure of these parties, manufacturers or service providers to otherwise satisfactorily perform, could adversely impact our operations, sales, payments to our suppliers, employees, and others, and our ability to report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. In the case of our sole-source suppliers, failure to successfully negotiate satisfactory purchase terms could adversely impact our business. 
 There is no guarantee that our ongoing efforts to reduce costs will be successful. 
 We continue to implement plans to improve our competitive position by achieving cost reductions in our operations. In addition, we expect ongoing cost savings from our continuous improvement activities. We anticipate these cost savings will result from reducing material costs and manufacturing waste and realizing productivity gains, distribution efficiencies and overhead reductions in each of our business segments and in our corporate functions. Any negative impact these plans have on our relationships with employees, suppliers or customers or any failure to generate the anticipated efficiencies and savings could adversely affect our financial results. 
 We may acquire or divest product lines or businesses, which could impact our results. 
 We may pursue acquisitions of product lines or businesses from third parties. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired product lines or businesses, estimation and assumption of liabilities and contingencies, personnel turnover and the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns. We may be unable to successfully integrate and manage product lines or businesses that we may acquire in the future, or be unable to achieve anticipated benefits or cost savings from acquisitions in the timeframe we anticipate, or at all. 
 We may periodically divest product lines or businesses. These divestitures may adversely impact our results if we are unable to offset the dilutive impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested products or businesses, or mitigate overhead costs allocated to those businesses. Furthermore, the divestitures could adversely affect our ongoing business operations, including by enhancing our competitors' positions or reducing consumer confidence in our ongoing brands and products. 
 The inability to effectively and efficiently manage acquisitions and divestitures with the results we expect or in the timeframe we anticipate could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 7 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Disruptions in the credit markets or changes to our credit ratings may adversely affect our business. 
 We access the long-term and short-term capital markets to obtain financing. Our financial performance, our short- and long-term debt credit ratings, interest rates, the stability of financial institutions with which we partner, geopolitical or national political developments (including those related to the ability of Congress to raise the U.S. federal debt ceiling), the stability and liquidity of the overall global capital markets and the state of the global economy, could affect our access to, and the availability and cost of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions and our ability to pay dividends in the future. 
 We regularly access the commercial paper market for ongoing funding requirements. A downgrade in our credit ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our borrowing costs and adversely affect our ability to issue commercial paper. Disruptions in the commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the credit markets also could reduce the amount of commercial paper that we could issue and raise our borrowing costs for both short- and long-term debt offerings. 
 Disruptions in the credit markets, limitations on our ability to borrow, a reduction in our liquidity or an increase in our borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Climate change and other sustainability matters may adversely affect our business and operations. 
 There is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. We have transition risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy and physical risks related to the physical impacts of climate change. Transition risks include increased costs of carbon emission, increased cost to produce products in compliance with future regulations, increased raw materials cost, shifts in customer/consumer values and other legal, regulatory and technological risks. Physical risks include the risk of direct damage to assets or supply chain disruption caused by severe weather events such as floods, storms, wildfires and droughts. In addition, concern over climate change may result in new legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. Despite our sustainability efforts, any failure to achieve our sustainability goals, including those aimed to reduce our impact on, improve or preserve the environment, or the perception (whether or not valid) that we have failed to act responsibly with respect to such matters or to effectively respond to new legal or regulatory requirements regarding climate change, could adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 There is also increased focus, including by governmental and non-governmental organizations, investors, customers, consumers, our employees and other stakeholders on these and other sustainability matters, including responsible sourcing and deforestation, the use of plastic, energy and water, the recyclability or recoverability of packaging, including single-use and other plastic packaging and ingredient transparency. Our reputation could be damaged if we do not (or are perceived not to) act responsibly with respect to sustainability matters, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Marketing and Competition 
 Increasing dependence on key retailers in Developed Markets and the emergence of new sales channels may adversely affect our business. 
 Our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace, which continues to experience increased concentration and the growing presence of large-format retailers, discounters and e-tailers. With the consolidation of retail trade, both traditional retailers and e-tailers, we are dependent on key customers, and some of these customers, including large-format retailers and large e-tailers, may have significant bargaining power. They may use this leverage to demand higher trade discounts or allowances which could lead to reduced profitability. We may also be negatively affected by changes in the policies of our retail trade customers, such as inventory destocking, limitations on access to shelf space, delisting of our products, additional requirements related to safety, environmental, social and other sustainability issues, and other conditions. If we lose a significant customer or if sales of our products to a significant customer materially decrease, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Intense competition for sales of our products, changes in consumer purchasing patterns and the inability to innovate or market our products effectively could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 
 We operate in highly competitive domestic and international markets against well-known, branded products and low-cost or private label products. Inherent risks in our competitive strategy include uncertainties concerning trade and consumer acceptance, the effects of consolidation within retailer and distribution channels, a growing e-commerce marketplace, and customers' and competitors' actions. Our competitors for these markets include global, regional and local manufacturers, 
 
 8 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

including private label manufacturers. Some of these competitors may have better access to financial resources and greater market penetration, which enable them to offer a wider variety of products and services at more competitive prices. Alternatively, some of these competitors may have significantly lower product development and manufacturing costs, particularly with respect to private label products, allowing them to offer products at a lower price. E-commerce potentially intensifies competition by simplifying distribution and lowering barriers to entry. The actions of these competitors could adversely affect our financial results. In order to stay competitive, it may be necessary for us to lower prices on our products and increase spending on advertising and promotions, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 We may be unable to anticipate or adequately respond to changes in consumer demand for our products. Demand for our products may change based on many factors, including shifting consumer purchasing patterns to lower cost options such as private-label products and mid to lower-tier value products, low birth rates in certain countries due to slow economic growth or other factors, negative customer or consumer response to pricing actions, consumer shifts in distribution from traditional retailers to e-tailers, subscription services and direct to consumer businesses, changing consumer preferences due to increased concerns in regard to post-consumer waste and packaging materials and their impact on environmental sustainability, or other changes in consumer trends or habits. If we experience lower sales due to changes in consumer demand for our products, our earnings could decrease. 
 Our ability to develop new products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate consumer needs and preferences, develop and fund technological innovations, and receive and maintain necessary patent and trademark protection. In addition, we incur substantial development and marketing costs in introducing new and improved products and technologies. The introduction of a new consumer product (whether improved or newly developed) usually requires substantial expenditures for advertising and marketing to gain recognition in the marketplace. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising and promotional support to maintain its relative market position. Some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities, introduce competing products more quickly and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions. We may not be successful in developing new or improved products and technologies necessary to compete successfully in the industry, and we may not be successful in advertising, marketing, timely launching and selling our products. Also, if we fail to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights, we may be less competitive, which could adversely affect our business, financial results and financial condition. 
 Legal and Regulatory 
 Government regulations and enforcement, and potential litigation, could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 
 As a global company, we are subject to a wide variety of laws and governmental regulations across all of the countries in which we do business, including laws and regulations involving marketing, antitrust, anti-bribery or anti-corruption, data privacy, product liability, product composition or formulation, packaging content or corporate responsibility after consumer purchase, environmental impact, intellectual property, employment, healthcare or other matters. 
 We could be subject to significant legal liability and litigation expense if we fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations. Our business is subject to the risk of litigation involving customers, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies or others through private actions, class actions, whistleblower claims, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. While it is our policy and practice to comply with all legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our business, we cannot provide assurance that our employees and agents will follow our policies and procedures at all times. A finding that we are in violation of, or out of compliance with, applicable laws or regulations could subject us to civil remedies, including fines, damages, injunctions, product recalls or criminal sanctions, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Whether or not a claim is successful, without merit or not fully pursued, negative publicity arising from allegations regarding our products, processes or business practices could adversely affect our reputation and brand image. 
 In addition, new or revised laws, regulations or their interpretation may alter the environment in which we do business which could adversely impact our financial results. For example, new legislation or regulations may result in increased costs to us, directly for our compliance, or indirectly to the extent suppliers increase prices of goods and services because of increased compliance costs, excise taxes or reduced availability of raw materials. 
 While we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. Even if we believe a claim is covered by 
 
 9 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

insurance, insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing and, if they prevail, the amount of our recovery. 
 New or revised tax regulations could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 
 We are subject to income tax requirements in various jurisdictions in the U.S. and internationally. Tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. Some jurisdictions have unpredictable enforcement activity. Increases in applicable tax rates, implementation of new taxes, changes in applicable tax laws and interpretations of these tax laws and actions by tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate could reduce our after tax income and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, we own or lease: 
 our principal executive office located in the Dallas, Texas metropolitan area; 
 five operating segment and geographic headquarters at three U.S. and two international locations; and 
 four global business service centers at one U.S. and three international locations. 
 The locations of our and our equity affiliates' principal production facilities by major geographic areas of the world are as follows: 
 Geographic Area : 
 Number of Facilities North America (in 14 states in the U.S.) 
 28 Outside North America 55 Total (in 33 c ountries) 
 83 
 Many of these facilities produce multiple products, some across multiple segments. Consumer tissue and K-C Professional products are produced in 48 facilities and personal care products are produced in 48 facilities. We believe t hat our and our equity affiliates' facilities are suitable for their purpose, adequate to support their businesses and well maintained. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Item 8, Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated in this Item 3 by reference, for information on legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 10 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The names and ages of our executive officers as of February 9, 2023, together with certain biographical information, are as follows: 
 Ehab Abou-Oaf , 56, was elected President of K-C Professional in January 2022. He is responsible for our global business to business operations which provide a deep range of essential commercial products and services, including tissue and surface wipers, skin care, safety and do-it-yourself products. Previously, he served as Vice President, Middle East Africa since 2020. Mr. Abouf-Oaf joined Kimberly-Clark from Mars, Inc., a manufacturer of confectionery, pet food, and other food products, where he had a number of positions with increasing responsibility over 19 years, including Regional President, Asia, Middle East Africa Confectionery from 2017 to 2019 and Regional President, Asia Pacific, Middle East Northern Africa Chocolate from 2016 to 2017. Prior to joining Mars, he spent ten years with The Procter Gamble Company in packaging, product development and marketing roles. He also serves on the board of trustees of the American University in Cairo and on the board of directors of the Singapore American School. 
 Doug Cunningham , 51 , was elected President, K-C Europe, Middle East Africa ("EMEA") in 2021. He is responsible for our consumer business in our EMEA region. Prior to that, he served as Vice President and Managing Director, Australia New Zealand since 2019. Mr. Cunningham joined Kimberly-Clark from Johnson Johnson, a health care products company, where he served in multiple roles of increasing responsibility across Asia Pacific, North America and Africa, most recently as Managing Director, Johnson Johnson Pacific. 
 
 Tamera Fenske , 44, was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer in September 2022. She is responsible for procurement, manufacturing, logistics, transportation, safety and sustainability, as well as our global nonwovens division. Ms. Fenske joined Kimberly-Clark from 3M Company where she served in multiple roles of increasing responsibility, most recently as Senior Vice President, U.S. and Canada Manufacturing and Supply Chain from February 2022 to September 2022, Senior Vice President Global Operations, Transportation Electronics Business Group (TEBG) from 2021 to February 2022, Vice President of Global Operations, TEBG, from 2020 to 2021, Mfg/SC/LSS Vice President from 2018 to 2020, and Customer Value Stream Vice President from 2016 to 2018. 
 Zackery Hicks , 59, was elected Chief Digital and Technology officer in July 2022. He is responsible for all aspects of the company s information technology and digital functions, including building brands and creating differentiated capability. Mr. Hicks joined Kimberly-Clark from Toyota Motors North America, Inc., a subsidiary of Toyota Motor Corporation, a multinational automotive manufacturer, where he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Digital Officer since April 2018, and held roles of increasing responsibility with Toyota since 1996, including CEO and President of Toyota Connected North America. He also serves on the board of directors of Signet Jewelers Ltd. 
 Michael D. Hsu , 58, has served as Chairman of the Board since January 2020 and as Chief Executive Officer since January 2019. Prior to that, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer since 2017, where he was responsible for the day-to-day operations of our business units, along with our global innovation, marketing and supply chain functions. He served as Group President, K-C North America from 2013 to 2016, where he was responsible for our consumer business in North America, as well as leading the development of new business strategies for global nonwovens. From 2012 to 2013, his title was Group President, North America Consumer Products. He has been a director of Kimberly-Clark since 2017. Prior to joining Kimberly-Clark, Mr. Hsu served as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of Kraft Foods, Inc., from January 2012 to July 2012, as President of Sales, Customer Marketing and Logistics from 2010 to 2012 and as President of its grocery business unit from 2008 to 2010. Prior to that, Mr. Hsu served as President and Chief Operating Officer, Foodservice at H. J. Heinz Company. He also serves on the board of directors of Texas Instruments Incorporated. 
 Sandra R.A. Karrmann , 57, was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in 2020. She is responsible for the design and implementation of all human capital strategies for Kimberly-Clark, including global compensation and benefits, talent management, inclusion, equity and diversity organizational effectiveness and labor/employee relations. Ms. Karrmann joined Kimberly-Clark from Tenet Healthcare Corporation, a diversified healthcare services company, where she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since 2019 and Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since 2017. Prior to joining Tenet, she served as Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for United Surgical Partners International, which operates surgical facilities, since 2013. 
 
 11 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Alison Lewis , 55, was elected Chief Growth Officer in 2019. Ms. Lewis joined Kimberly-Clark from Johnson Johnson, where she served as Chief Marketing Officer of the Global Consumer business since 2013. Prior to her role at Johnson Johnson, Ms. Lewis served as Chief Marketing Officer, Senior Vice President, North America at The Coca-Cola Company. 
 Robert Long , 65, was elected Chief Research and Development Officer in 2021. He has global responsibility for the company's research and development, quality and regulatory functions, and is charged with accelerating growth through innovation that addresses opportunities to elevate Kimberly-Clark s trusted brands. Mr. Long joined Kimberly-Clark from the Coca-Cola Company where he served in multiple roles of increasing responsibility, most recently as Senior Vice President for Global R D and Chief Innovation Officer from 2016 to March 2021. 
 Jeffrey Melucci , 52, was elected Chief Business Development and Legal Officer in November 2020. From April 2020 to November 2020, he served as Senior Vice President, Business Development and General Counsel and from September 2017 to April 2020, he served as Senior Vice President - General Counsel. From January 2017 to September 2017, he served as Vice President, Senior Deputy General Counsel and General Counsel of Kimberly-Clark s Global Operations. From 2013 to 2017, he served as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel. He also served as Chief Transformation Officer from November 2020 to October 2021, Corporate Secretary from 2014 to 2017 and General Counsel of Kimberly-Clark International from 2013 to 2016. Mr. Melucci joined Kimberly-Clark from General Electric, where he served in multiple roles of increasing responsibility, most recently as General Counsel - Aviation Systems and Aviation Business Development. 
 Paula S. Vaz Ramos , 43, was elected Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer in October 2021. From March 2021 to October 2021 she served as Chief Strategy Officer. She has global responsibility for our enterprise strategy and transformation activities. Ms. Ramos joined Kimberly-Clark from McKinsey Company where she served in multiple roles of increasing responsibility over 18 years, most recently as a Partner. 
 Russell Torres , 51, was elected Group President, K-C North America in 2021. He is responsible for our consumer business in North America. From 2020 to 2021, he served as President of K-C Professional. Mr. Torres joined Kimberly-Clark from Newell Brands Inc., a consumer goods company, where he served as Group President since 2018 and as Chief Transformation Officer from 2016 to 2018. Prior to joining Newell Brands, Mr. Torres was a partner at Bain Company from 2013 to 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Torres served as a senior executive at Mondel z International in its North America Business Unit from 2011 to 2013. 
 Nelson Urdaneta , 50, was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2022. Prior to joining Kimberly-Clark, he served as Senior Vice President, Treasurer at Mondel z International since September 2021. Mr. Urdaneta joined Mondel z in 2005 and served in multiple roles of increasing responsibility, including Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President Finance, Asia Pacific. Prior to joining Mondel z, he was the Director, Financial Planning and Analysis at Ryder System, Inc. 
 Gonzalo Uribe , 51, was elected President, K-C Latin America in 2020. He is responsible for our consumer business in our Latin America region. From 2018 to 2020 he served as Vice President, North Latin America and from 2017 to 2018 he served as Vice President, Andean Region. Mr. Uribe joined Kimberly-Clark from Mondel z International, where he served in multiple roles of increasing responsibility, most recently as Western Andean, Central America and Caribbean General Manager. 
 Tristram Wilkinson , 54, w as elected President, K-C Asia Pacific in 2021. He is responsible for our consumer business in our Asia Pacific region. From 2018 to 2021, he served as President, K-C EMEA. From 2016 to 2018, he served as Vice President and Managing Director, Central Eastern Europe. Prior to that, Mr. Wilkinson held a number of positions of increasing responsibility within our EMEA operations, including Vice President and Managing Director, United Kingdom Ireland. Mr. Wilkinson joined Kimberly-Clark in 1995. 
 
 12 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Kimberly-Clark common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The ticker symbol is KMB. 
 Quarterly dividends have been paid continually since 1935. Dividends have been paid on or about the second business day of January, April, July and October. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had 16,810 holders of record of our common stock. 
 For information relating to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, see Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K. 
 We repurchase shares of Kimberly-Clark common stock from time to time pursuant to publicly announced share repurchase programs. During 2022, we repurchased 779 thousand shares of our common stock at a cost of 100 through a broker in the open market. 
 The following table contains information for shares repurchased during the fourth quarter of 2022. None of the shares in this table were repurchased directly from any of our officers or directors. 
 Period (2022) Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (a) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number 
 of Shares That May 
 Yet Be Purchased 
 Under the Plans or 
 Programs (b) 
 October 1 to October 31 71,600 115.67 38,960,781 41,039,219 November 1 to November 30 81,900 128.85 39,042,681 40,957,319 December 1 to December 31 46,200 137.06 39,088,881 40,911,119 Total 
 199,700 
 (a) Share repurchases were made pursuant to a share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors on November 13, 2014. This program allows for the repurchase of 40 million shares in an amount not to exceed 5 billion (the "2014 Program"). 
 (b) Includes shares under the 2014 Program, as well as available shares under a share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors on January 22, 2021 that allows for the repurchase of 40 million shares in an amount not to exceed 5 billion. 

13 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 Intentionally Omitted 
 
 14 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Introduction 
 This MD A is intended to provide investors with an understanding of our recent performance, financial condition and prospects. This discussion and analysis compares 2022 results to 2021. For a discussion that compares our 2021 results to 2020, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The reference to "N.M." indicates that the calculation is not meaningful. In addition, we provide commentary regarding organic sales growth, which describes the impact of changes in volume, product mix and net selling prices on net sales. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates, acquisitions and exited businesses also impact the year-over-year change in net sales. Dollar amounts are reported in millions, except per share dollar amounts, unless otherwise noted. 
 The following will be discussed and analyzed: 
 Overview of Business 
 Overview of 2022 Results 
 Business Environment and Trends 
 Results of Operations and Related Information 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 New Accounting Standards 
 Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
 Throughout this MD A, we refer to financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., or GAAP, and are therefore referred to as non-GAAP financial measures. These measures include adjusted gross and operating profit, adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted other (income) and expense, net, and adjusted effective tax rate. We believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight to some of the financial measures used to evaluate management. 
 Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures, and they should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. There are limitations to these non-GAAP financial measures because they are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in methods of calculation and items being excluded. We compensate for these limitations by using these non-GAAP financial measures as a supplement to the GAAP measures and by providing reconciliations of the non-GAAP and comparable GAAP financial measures. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures exclude the following items for the relevant time periods as indicated in the reconciliations included later in this MD A: 
 Pension settlements - In 2022, pension settlement charges were recognized related to lump-sum distributions from pension plan assets exceeding the total of annual service and interest costs resulting in a recognition of deferred actuarial losses. 
 Acquisition of controlling interest in Thinx In the first quarter of 2022, we increased our investment in Thinx. As a result of this transaction, a net benefit was recognized, primarily due to the non-recurring, non-cash gain recognized related to the remeasurement of the carrying value of our previously held equity investment to fair value partially offset by transaction and integration costs. See Item 8, Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for details. 
 2018 Global Restructuring Program - In 2018, we initiated a restructuring program to reduce our structural cost base by streamlining and simplifying our manufacturing supply chain and overhead organization. The restructuring actions were completed in 2021. See Item 8, Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for details. 
 
 15 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Overview of Business 
 We are a global company focused on delivering products and solutions that provide better care for a better world, with manufacturing facilities in 33 countries, including our equity affiliates, and products sold in more than 175 countries and territories. Our products are sold under well-known brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex and Depend. We have three reportable business segments: Personal Care, Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional. These business segments are described in greater detail in Item 8, Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 In operating our business, we seek to: 
 grow our portfolio of brands through innovation, category development and commercial execution, 
 leverage our cost and financial discipline to fund growth and improve margins, and 
 allocate capital in value-creating ways. 
 We describe our business outside North America in two groups Developing and Emerging Markets ("D E") and Developed Markets. D E Markets comprise Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America and Asia-Pacific, excluding Australia and South Korea. Developed Markets consist of Western and Central Europe, Australia and South Korea. 
 On February 24, 2022, we completed our acquisition of a majority and controlling share of Thinx, an industry leader in the reusable period and incontinence underwear category, for total consideration of consisting of cash of , the fair value of our previously held equity investment of , and certain share-based award costs of . See Item 8, Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for details. 
 On October 24, 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our Neve tissue brand and related consumer and K-C Professional tissue assets in Brazil for 175, subject to certain working capital and other closing adjustments. The transaction also includes a licensing agreement to allow the acquirer to manufacture and market in Brazil the Kleenex, Scott and Wypall brands to consumers and away-from-home customers for a period of time. The transaction is pending customary conditions and regulatory approval and is expected to close in the first half of 2023. The assets included in the sale agreement have been reclassified to Other current assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 Overview of 2022 Results 
 Net sales of 20.2 billion increased 4 percent. Organic sales increased 7 percent, while changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased sales by 4 percent. 
 In North America, organic sales increased 5 percent in consumer products and increased 9 percent in K-C Professional. 
 Outside North America, organic sales increased 8 percent in D E Markets and increased 10 percent in Developed Markets. 
 Operating Profit and Net Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark were 2,681 and 1,934 in 2022, respectively. 
 Diluted earnings per share were 5.72 in 2022 compared to 5.35 in 2021. Results in 2022 include pension settlement charges of 0.12 and a net benefit of 0.20 associated with the acquisition of Thinx, primarily due to the non-recurring, non-cash gain recognized related to the remeasurement of the carrying value of our previously held equity investment to fair value partially offset by transaction and integration costs. Results in 2021 include net charges of 0.83 related to the 2018 Global Restructuring Program. 
 We continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. Cash provided by operations was 2.7 billion in 2022. We raised our dividend in 2022 by 2 percent, the 50th consecutive annual increase in our dividend. Altogether, share repurchases and dividends in 2022 amounted to 1.7 billion. 
 In 2023, we plan to continue to execute our strategies for long-term success which include delivering balanced, sustainable growth by growing our brands in-line with or ahead of category growth, leveraging our cost and financial discipline to fund growth and improve margins, and allocating capital in value-creating ways. Our growth strategy is built on two pillars. Elevate our core business is our first pillar and is driven by delivering value-added innovations and driving category opportunities. Expanding our markets is our second pillar and emphasizes Personal Care. Both strategies are enabled by our focus on 
 
 16 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

accelerating and investing in our commercial capabilities through digital marketing, revenue growth management, consumer-inspired innovation and strong in-market execution. 
 Our strong legacy of financial discipline supports our growth strategy by driving ongoing supply chain productivity through our FORCE (Focused On Reducing Costs Everywhere) program, controlling discretionary spending, driving down working capital and maintaining the top-tier return on invested capital. Our capital allocation strategy is consistent with our historical approach of disciplined capital spending, payment of a top tier dividend, evaluation of acquisition opportunities and allocation of excess cash flow to share repurchases. 
 We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Business Environment and Trends 
 Our results of operations have been, and we expect them to continue to be, affected by the following factors and key trends, which may cause our future results of operations to differ from our historical results discussed under Results of Operations and Related Information. 
 COVID-19 - The macro business environment experienced unprecedented volatility in recent years related to the continuing effect the global COVID-19 pandemic has had on supply and demand dynamics. 
 We participate in fixed consumption categories where demand is generally very stable. In recent years, our sales have fluctuated, especially in Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional, because of COVID-19-related demand spikes, inventory destocking, and consumer usage pattern disruption. Additionally, consumer incomes have generally been impacted negatively by the pandemic which can impact their purchasing patterns. COVID-19 outbreaks and patterns are difficult to predict. 
 The pandemic has significantly disrupted supply chains across the globe. A steep drop in aggregate demand at the beginning of the pandemic caused aggregate supply to sharply contract. When demand for goods resumed at the end of 2020, supply shortages led to record levels of inflation in commodities and other costs. In addition to inflation, logistics and distribution networks, especially in the U.S., have been severely impacted by container and truck shortages and significant labor supply issues. These effects have caused challenges getting input materials into our production facilities, production delays, and delays and meaningfully higher costs to get products from our production facilities to our customers. The net effect of the global supply chain disruption led to an unprecedented increase in costs in 2022 and 2021. The underlying causes of the disruption and higher costs will take time to be resolved. 
 Birth Rate Trends - Sales of our baby and child care products are highly correlated with birth rate trends. In recent years, birth rate declines in key countries, including China, South Korea and the U.S., have pressured category volume growth rates. To help mitigate the effects of birth rate declines, we aim to drive sales growth at or ahead of category growth rates through innovation, premiumization, strong brand building plans and digital marketing investment as part of our Elevate and Expand growth strategy. 
 Competition - Our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace. Our competitors include global, regional and local manufacturers, including private label manufacturers which offer products that are typically sold at lower prices. In particular, private label market share has been increasing in the tissue category. Increased purchases of private label products could reduce net sales of our higher-margin products which would negatively impact our profitability. While the global marketplace in which we operate has always been highly competitive, we continue to experience increased concentration and the growing presence of large-format retailers, discounters and e-tailers. This market environment has resulted in increased pressure on pricing and other competitive factors, and we expect these pressures to continue in the coming year. 
 Pricing - Our net sales growth and profitability may be affected as we adjust prices to address market conditions. We adjust our product prices based on a number of variables including demand, the competitive environment, technological improvements and changes in our raw material, distribution, energy and other input costs. We increased our prices in 2022 in response to continuing in flation related to the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and other market conditions, including the war in Ukraine. In 2023, we anticipate challenging market conditions to continue to impact pricing. Price changes may affect net sales, earnings and market share in the near term as the market adjusts to new pricing and other market conditions. 
 
 17 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Operating Costs - Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts and financing costs. We manage these costs through cost saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, and pricing actions. To remain competitive on our operating structure, we continue to work on programs to expand our profitability, such as our FORCE program. In 2022, our results were impacted by an unprecedented increase in our costs, particularly for pulp, resin, distribution and energy, primarily related to COVID-19 pandemic driven effects and the effects of the war in Ukraine. We expect the higher cost environment will continue in 2023. 
 Evolving Consumer Product and Shopping Preferences - The retail landscape in many of our markets continues to evolve due to the rapid growth of eCommerce retailers, changing consumer preferences (as consumers increasingly shop online) and the increased presence of alternative retail channels, such as subscription services and direct-to-consumer businesses. Changing consumer preferences also include increased concerns in regard to post-consumer waste and packaging materials and their impact on environmental sustainability. If we experience lower sales due to changes in consumer demand for our products, our earnings could decrease. We believe our strategic growth focus, sustainability initiatives and continued investment in eCommerce capabilities has us well positioned relative to these changing dynamics. 
 Volatility of Global Markets - Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, including in D E Markets. Some D E Markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Volatility in these markets affects our production costs and the demand for our products. Volatility in global consumer, commodity and foreign currency exchange rates increased significantly over the past few years and is expected to continue in the near term. 
 Climate Change - We operate in many regions around the world where our businesses could be disrupted by climate change. Our climate change risk categories include risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy Transition Risks and risks related to the physical impacts of climate change Physical Risks ). Transition Risks include increased costs of carbon emission, increased cost to produce products in compliance with future regulations, increased raw materials cost, shifts in customer/consumer values and other legal, regulatory and technological risks. P hysical Risks include the risk of direct damage to assets or supply chain disruption caused by severe weather events such as floods, storms, wildfires and droughts. We continue to progress toward our 2030 Sustainability Goals which include elements that aim for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, use of natural forest fibers, use of plastics and use of water in water-stressed regions. 
 War in Ukraine - Beginning in March 2022, we have implemented significant adjustments to our business in Russia. We have substantially curtailed media, advertising and promotional activity and suspended capital investments in our sole manufacturing facility in Russia. Consistent with the humanitarian nature of our products, we manufacture and sell only essential items in Russia, such as baby diapers and feminine pads, which are critical to the health and hygiene of women, girls and babies. Our Russia business has represented approximately 1 to 2 percent of our net global sales, operating profit and total assets. Our ability to continue our operations in Russia may change as the situation evolves. Our business in Russia is experiencing increased input costs, supply chain complexities, reduced consumer demand and restricted access to financial institutions, as well as increased monetary, currency and payment controls. We are actively monitoring the situation, and as the business, geopolitical and regulatory environment concerning Russia evolves, we may not be able to sustain the limited manufacture and sale of our products, and our assets may be partially or fully impaired. We are also monitoring the increased risk of cyber-based attacks as a result of the war in Ukraine and have implemented additional cybersecurity measures designed to address the evolving threat landscape. 
 
 18 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Results of Operations and Related Information 
 This section presents a discussion and analysis of net sales, operating profit and other information relevant to an understanding of 2022 results of operations. 
 Consolidated 
 Selected Financial Results Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 Change 2022 vs. 2021 Net Sales: North America 10,663 10,052 +6 Outside North America 9,799 9,697 +1 Intergeographic sales (287) (309) -7 Total Net Sales 20,175 19,440 +4 Operating Profit: North America 2,071 2,066 Outside North America 979 1,082 -10 Corporate Other (a) 
 (412) (559) N.M. Other (income) and expense, net (a) 
 (43) 28 N.M. Total Operating Profit 2,681 2,561 +5 Provision for income taxes (495) (479) +3 Share of net income of equity companies 116 98 +18 Net Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation 1,934 1,814 +7 Diluted Earnings per Share 5.72 5.35 +7 
 (a) Corporate Other and Other (income) and expense, net includes income and expenses not associated with the business segments, including adjustments as indicated in the Non-GAAP Reconciliations. 
 GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations of Selected Financial Results 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 As Reported Acquisition of Controlling Interest in Thinx Pension Settlements As Adjusted Non-GAAP Marketing, research and general expenses 3,581 21 3,560 Other (income) and expense, net (43) (85) 42 Operating Profit 2,681 64 2,617 Nonoperating expense (73) (52) (21) Provision for income taxes (495) 4 13 (512) Effective tax rate 21.2 22.0 Net Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation 1,934 68 (39) 1,905 Diluted Earnings per Share (a) 
 5.72 0.20 (0.12) 5.63 

19 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 As Reported 2018 Global Restructuring Program As Adjusted Non-GAAP Cost of products sold 13,452 154 13,298 Gross Profit 5,988 (154) 6,142 Marketing, research and general expenses 3,399 111 3,288 Other (income) and expense, net 28 10 18 Operating Profit 2,561 (275) 2,836 Nonoperating expense 
 (86) (79) (7) Provision for income taxes (479) 75 (554) Effective tax rate 21.5 21.5 Share of net income of equity companies 98 (7) 105 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (30) 5 (35) Net Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation 
 1,814 (281) 2,095 Diluted Earnings per Share (a) 
 5.35 (0.83) 6.18 
 (a) "As Adjusted Non-GAAP" may not equal "As Reported" plus "Adjustments" as a result of rounding. 
 Analysis of Consolidated Results 
 Net Sales Percent Change Adjusted Operating Profit Percent Change 2022 vs. 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Volume (3) Volume (9) Net Price 9 Net Price 59 Mix/Other 1 Input Costs (52) Currency (4) Cost Savings (c) 
 10 Total (a) 
 4 Currency Translation (3) Other (d) 
 (13) Organic (b) 
 7 Total (8) 
 (a) Total may not equal the sum of volume, net price, mix/other and currency due to rounding. 
 (b) Combined impact of changes in volume, net price and mix/other. 
 (c) Benefits of the FORCE program. 
 (d) Includes impact of changes in product mix, marketing, research and general expenses, foreign currency transaction effects and other manufacturing costs. 
 
 Net sales of 20.2 billion increased 4 percent compared to the year ago period. Operating profit was 2,681 in 2022 and 2,561 in 2021. Adjusted operating profit was 2,617 in 2022 and 2,836 in 2021. Results were impacted by 1.5 billion of higher input costs, higher marketing, research and general expenses and unfavorable foreign currency effects. Results benefited from organic sales growth and 290 of FORCE savings. 
 Other (income) and expense, net was 43 of income in 2022, which primarily reflected the non-recurring, non-cash gain recognized upon the acquisition of a controlling interest in Thinx related to the remeasurement of the carrying value of our previously held equity investment to fair value. Other (income) and expense, net was 28 of expense in 2021. Adjusted other (income) and expense, net was 42 and 18 of expense in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The effective tax rate of 21.2 percent in 2022 compared to the effective tax rate of 21.5 percent in 2021. The adjusted effective tax rate was 22.0 percent in 2022 compared to 21.5 percent in 2021. 

20 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Our share of net income of equity companies was 116 in 2022 and 98 in 2021. Results were positively impacted by higher net selling prices partially offset by higher input costs and lower volumes. 
 
 Diluted earnings per share were 5.72 in 2022 and 5.35 in 2021. Adjusted earnings per share of 5.63 in 2022 decreased 9 percent compared to 6.18 in 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by lower adjusted operating profit. 
 Business Segments 
 Personal Care 
 2022 2021 2022 2021 Net Sales 10,622 10,267 Operating Profit 1,787 1,856 
 Net Sales Percent Change Operating Profit Percent Change 2022 vs. 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Volume (3) Volume (7) Net Price 8 Net Price 45 Mix/Other 2 Input Costs (34) Currency (3) Cost Savings (c) 
 7 Total (a) 
 3 Currency Translation (3) Other (d) 
 (12) Organic (b) 
 7 Total (4) 
 (a) Total may not equal the sum of volume, net price, mix/other and currency due to rounding. 
 (b) Combined impact of changes in volume, net price and mix/other. 
 (c) Benefits of the FORCE program. 
 (d) Includes impact of changes in product mix, marketing, research and general expenses, foreign currency transaction effects and other manufacturing costs. 
 Net sales in North America increased 5 percent. Changes in net selling prices and product mix increased sales by 6 percent and 1 percent, respectively. The acquisition of Thinx increased sales by 1 percent. Volumes decreased 3 percent, which included the impact from a planned exit of a private label contract in 2022. 
 Net sales in D E Markets increased 3 percent. Changes in net selling prices and product mix increased sales by approximately 12 percent and 3 percent, respectively. The improvements in product mix were primarily in China. Volumes decreased 6 percent led by declines in Eastern Europe, Indonesia and Brazil. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased sales by 5 percent. 
 Net sales in Developed Markets outside North America were slightly down compared to the prior year. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased sales by 11 percent. Volumes increased 5 percent with growth across all markets. Changes in net selling prices and product mix increased sales by 5 percent and 1 percent, respectively. 
 Operating profit of 1,787 decreased 4 percent. The comparison was negatively impacted by higher input costs, higher marketing, research and general expenses, lower volumes, unfavorable currency effects, and higher other manufacturing costs, partially offset by higher net selling prices, cost savings, and improved product mix. 
 
 21 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Consumer Tissue 
 2022 2021 2022 2021 Net Sales 6,243 6,034 Operating Profit 806 888 
 Net Sales Percent Change Operating Profit Percent Change 2022 vs. 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Volume (1) Volume (5) Net Price 8 Net Price 55 Mix/Other Input Costs (66) Currency (4) Cost Savings (c) 
 12 Total (a) 
 3 Currency Translation (1) Other (d) 
 (4) Organic (b) 
 7 Total (9) 
 (a) Total may not equal the sum of volume, net price, mix/other and currency due to rounding. 
 (b) Combined impact of changes in volume, net price and mix/other. 
 (c) Benefits of the FORCE program. 
 (d) Includes impact of changes in product mix, marketing, research and general expenses, foreign currency transaction effects and other manufacturing costs. 
 
 Net sales in North America increased 7 percent. Changes in net selling prices increased sales by 6 percent, and volumes increased 1 percent. 
 Net sales in D E Markets increased 2 percent. Changes in net selling prices and product mix increased sales by 10 percent and approximately 2 percent, respectively. Volumes decreased 6 percent led by declines primarily in Latin America. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased sales by 3 percent. 
 Net sales in Developed Markets outside North America decreased 3 percent. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased sales by approximately 10 percent, and exited businesses associated with the 2018 Global Restructuring Program decreased sales by 1 percent. Volumes decreased 1 percent. Changes in net selling prices increased sales by 10 percent. 
 Operating profit of 806 decreased 9 percent. The comparison was negatively impacted by higher input costs, higher marketing, research and general expenses and lower volumes, partially offset by higher net selling prices, cost savings and lower other manufacturing costs. 
 
 22 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

K-C Professional 
 2022 2021 2022 2021 Net Sales 3,256 3,072 Operating Profit 457 404 
 Net Sales Percent Change Operating Profit Percent Change 2022 vs. 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Volume (4) Volume (17) Net Price 12 Net Price 89 Mix/Other 1 Input Costs (65) Currency (4) Cost Savings (c) 
 13 Total (a) 
 6 Currency Translation (4) Other (d) 
 (3) Organic (b) 
 9 Total 13 
 (a) Total may not equal the sum of volume, net price, mix/other and currency due to rounding. 
 (b) Combined impact of changes in volume, net price and mix/other. 
 (c) Benefits of the FORCE program. 
 (d) Includes impact of changes in product mix, marketing, research and general expenses, foreign currency transaction effects and other manufacturing costs. 
 Net sales in North America increased by 9 percent. Changes in net selling prices and product mix increased sales by 11 percent and 1 percent, respectively. Volumes decreased 3 percent. 
 Net sales in D E Markets increased 4 percent. Changes in net selling prices and product mix increased sales by approximately 7 percent and 2 percent, respectively. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased sales by 4 percent. 
 Net sales in Developed Markets outside North America increased 1 percent. Changes in net selling prices and product mix increased sales by 17 percent and 2 percent, respectively. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased sales by 11 percent, and volumes decreased 7 percent led by declines in Western and Central Europe. 
 Operating profit of 457 increased 13 percent. The comparison was favorably impacted by higher net selling prices, cost savings and lower other manufacturing costs, partially offset by higher input costs, lower volumes and higher marketing, research and general expenses. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash Provided by Operations 
 Cash provided by operations was 2,733 in 2022 compared to 2,730 in 2021. 
 
 Obligations 
 The following table presents our total contractual obligations for which cash flows are fixed or determinable. 
 Total 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028+ Long-term debt 8,060 472 524 550 396 595 5,523 Interest payments on long-term debt 
 3,205 277 264 252 232 227 1,953 Operating lease liabilities 539 138 119 100 83 53 46 Unconditional purchase obligations 4,120 1,794 958 798 279 252 39 Open purchase orders 2,307 1,768 440 47 28 22 2 Total contractual obligations 
 18,231 4,449 2,305 1,747 1,018 1,149 7,563 
 The unconditional purchase obligations are for the purchase of raw materials, primarily superabsorbent materials, pulp and utilities. Although we are primarily liable for payments on the above operating leases and unconditional purchase obligations, 
 
 23 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

based on historic operating performance and forecasted future cash flows, we believe exposure to losses, if any, under these arrangements is not material. 
 The open purchase orders displayed in the table represent amounts for goods and services we have negotiated for delivery. 
 The table does not include amounts where payments are discretionary or the timing is uncertain. The following payments are not included in the table: 
 Our consolidated subsidiary, Thinx, has issued common securities to the third-party minority owner, who has certain redemption rights to sell those securities to us. If the rights are exercised, it would require us to pay approximately 50 in 2023 and approximately 185 during a second exercise period of January 1, 2024 through June 30, 2026. See Item 8, Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for details. 
 We will fund our defined benefit pension plans to meet or exceed statutory requirements and currently expect to contribute approximately 25 to these plans in 2023. 
 Other postretirement benefit payments are estimated using actuarial assumptions, including expected future service, to project the future obligations. Based upon those projections, we anticipate making annual payments for these obligations of approximately 50 through 2032. 
 Accrued income tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions, deferred taxes and noncontrolling interests. 
 Investing 
 Our capital spending wa s 876 in 2022 and 1,007 in 2021 . Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired of 46 in 2022 reflected the acquisition of a controlling interest of Thinx. We expect capital spending to be approximately 800 to 900 in 2023. 
 Financing 
 We issue long-term debt in the public market periodically. Proceeds from the offerings are used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of maturing debt or outstanding commercial paper indebtedness. See Item 8, Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for details. 
 Our short-term debt, which consists of U.S. commercial paper with original maturities up to 90 days and/or other similar short-term debt issued by non-U.S. subsidiaries, was 373 as of December 31, 2022 (included in debt payable within one year on the consolidated balance sheet). The average month-end balance of short-term debt for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 757. These short-term borrowings provide supplemental funding to support our operations. The level of short-term debt generally fluctuates depending upon the amount of operating cash flows and the timing of customer receipts and payments for items such as pension contributions, dividends and income taxes. 
 At December 31, 2022, total debt was 8.4 billion compared to 8.6 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 We maintain a 2.0 billion revolving credit facility which expires in June 2026 and a 775 revolving credit facility which expires in June 2023. These facilities, currently unused, support our commercial paper program, and would provide liquidity in the event our access to the commercial paper markets is unavailable for any reason. 
 The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), is in the process of phasing out LIBOR with completion of the phase out expected by June 30, 2023. We have evaluated the potential effect of the elimination of LIBOR and do not expect the effect to be material. Accounting guidance has been issued to ease the transition to alternative reference rates from a financial reporting perspective. 
 We paid 1.6 billion in dividends in 2022. The Board of Directors approved a dividend increase of 1.7 percent for 2023. We repurchase shares of Kimberly-Clark common stock from time to time pursuant to publicly announced share repurchase programs. During 2022, we repurchased 779 thousand shares of our common stock at a cost of 100 through a broker in the open market. We are targeting full-year 2023 share repurchases of approximately 100 to 150, subject to market conditions. 
 We believe that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, pension contributions, dividends and other needs for the foreseeable future. 
 
 24 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Further, we do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall business, liquidity, financial condition or results of operations for the foreseeable future. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period. The critical accounting policies we used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are those that are important both to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and require significant judgments by management with regard to estimates used. The critical judgments by management relate to accruals for sales incentives and trade promotion allowances, pension and other postretirement benefits, deferred income taxes and potential income tax assessments, and goodwill and other intangible assets. These critical accounting policies have been reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 Sales Incentives and Trade Promotion Allowances 
 Trade promotion programs include introductory marketing funds such as slotting fees, cooperative marketing programs, temporary price reductions and other activities conducted by our customers to promote our products. Rebate and promotion accruals are based on estimates of the quantity of customer sales. Promotion accruals also consider estimates of the number of consumer coupons that will be redeemed and timing and costs of activities within the promotional programs. Generally, the estimated redemption value of consumer coupons and related expense are based on historical patterns of coupon redemption, influenced by judgments about current market conditions such as competitive activity in specific product categories, and the cost is recorded when the related revenue from customers is realized. Our related accounting policies are discussed in Item 8, Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Employee Postretirement Benefits 
 Substantially all regular employees in the U.S. and the United Kingdom are covered by defined contribution retirement plans and certain U.S. and United Kingdom employees previously earned benefits covered by defined benefit pension plans that currently provide no future service benefit (the "Principal Plans"). Certain other subsidiaries have defined benefit pension plans or, in certain countries, termination pay plans covering substantially all regular employees. Our related accounting policies and account balances are discussed in Item 8, Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Changes in certain assumptions could affect pension expense and the benefit obligations, particularly the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rate used to calculate the obligations: 
 Long-term rate of return on plan assets . The expected long-term rate of return is evaluated on an annual basis. In setting these assumptions, we consider a number of factors including projected future returns by asset class relative to the target asset allocation. Actual asset allocations are regularly reviewed and they are periodically rebalanced to the targeted allocations when considered appropriate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Principal Plans had cumulative unrecognized investment and actuarial losses of approximately 1.0 billion. These unrecognized net losses may increase future pension expense if not offset by (i) actual investment returns that exceed the assumed investment returns, (ii) other factors, including reduced pension liabilities arising from higher discount rates used to calculate pension obligations, or (iii) other actuarial gains, and whether such accumulated actuarial losses at each measurement date exceed the "corridor" as required . If the expected long-term rate of return on assets for the Principal Plans were lowered by 0.25 percent, the impact on annual pension expense would not be material in 2023 . 
 Discount rate . The discount (or settlement) rate used to determine the present value of our future U.S. pension obligation at December 31, 2022 was based on a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities with cash flows that largely match the expected benefit payments of the plan. For the United Kingdom plan, the discount rate was determined based on yield curves constructed from a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities. Each year's expected future benefit payments were discounted to their present value at the appropriate yield curve rate to determine the pension obligations. If the discount rate assumptions for these same plans were reduced by 0.25 percent, the increase in annual pension expense would not be material in 2023, and the December 31, 2022 pension liability would increase by about 60. 
 
 25 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Other assumptions . There are a number of other assumptions involved in the calculation of pension expense and benefit obligations, primarily related to participant demographics and benefit elections. 
 Pension expense for defined benefit pension plans is estimated to approximate 100 in 2023, including estimated pension settlement charges. Pension expense beyond 2023 will depend on future investment performance, our contributions to the pension trusts, changes in discount rates and various other factors related to the covered participants in the plans. 
 Substantially all U.S. retirees and employees have access to our unfunded health care and life insurance benefit plans. Changes in significant assumptions could affect the consolidated expense and benefit obligations, particularly the discount rate used to calculate the obligations and the health care cost trend rate: 
 Discount rate . The determination of the discount rates used to calculate the benefit obligations of the plans is discussed in the pension ben efit section above, and the methodology for each country is the same as the methodology used to determine the discount rate for that country's pension obligation. If the discount rate assumptions for these plans were reduced by 0.25 percent, the impact to 2023 other postretirement benefit expense and the increase in the December 31, 2022 benefit liability would not be material. 
 Health care cost trend rate . The health care cost trend rate is based on a combination of inputs including our recent claims history and insights from external advisers regarding recent developments in the health care marketplace, as well as projections of future trends in the marketplace. 
 Deferred Income Taxes and Potential Assessments 
 As a global organization, we are subject to income tax requirements in various jurisdictions in the U.S. and internationally. Changes in certain assumptions related to income taxes could significantly affect consolidated results, particularly with regard to valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, undistributed earnings of subsidiaries outside the U.S. and uncertain tax positions. Our income tax related accounting policies, account balances and matters affecting income taxes are discussed in Item 8, Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Deferred tax assets and related valuation allowances . We have recorded deferred tax assets related to, among other matters, income tax loss carryforwards, income tax credit carryforwards and capital loss carryforwards and have established valuation allowances against these deferred tax assets. These carryforwards are primarily in non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions and in certain states in the U.S. Foreign tax credits earned in the U.S. in current and prior years, which cannot be used currently, also give rise to net deferred tax assets. In determining the valuation allowances to establish against these deferred tax assets, many factors are considered, including the specific taxing jurisdiction, the carryforward period, income tax strategies and forecasted earnings for the entities in each jurisdiction. A valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 
 Undistributed earnings . A s of December 31, 2022, we have accumulated undistributed earnings generated by our foreign subsidiaries of approximately 7.4 billion. Earnings of 3.7 billion were previously subject to U.S. federal income tax. Any additional taxes due with respect to such previously-taxed foreign earnings, if repatriated, would generally be limited to foreign and U.S. state income taxes. Deferred taxes have been recorded on 0.7 billion of earnings of foreign consolidated subsidiaries expected to be repatriated. We do not intend to distribute the remaining 3.0 billion of previously-taxed foreign earnings and therefore have not recorded deferred taxes for foreign and U.S. state income taxes on such earnings. We consider any excess of the amount for financial reporting over tax basis in our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested. The determination of deferred tax liabilities on the amount of financial reporting over tax basis or the 3.0 billion of previously-taxed foreign earnings is not practicable. 
 Uncertain tax positions . We record our global tax provision based on the respective tax rules and regulations for the jurisdictions in which we operate. Where we believe that a tax position is supportable for income tax purposes, the item is included in our income tax returns. Where treatment of a position is uncertain, a liability is recorded based upon the expected most likely outcome taking into consideration the technical merits of the position based on specific tax regulations and facts of each matter. These liabilities may be affected by changing interpretations of laws, rulings by tax authorities or the expiration of the statute of limitations. 
 
 26 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not subject to amortization and are tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Intangible assets that are deemed to have finite lives are amortized over their useful lives, generally ranging from 4 to 2 0 years. We typically obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists to measure the acquisition date fair values of goodwill and other intangible assets acquired. 
 Events and conditions that could result in impairment include a sustained drop in the market price of our common shares, increased competition or loss of market share, obsolescence, product claims that result in a significant loss of sales or profitability over the product life, deterioration in macroeconomic conditions, or declining financial performance in comparison to projected results. 
 Our related accounting policies, acquisitions of Thinx and Softex Indonesia, and goodwill and other intangible assets account balances are discussed in Item 8, Notes 1, 3 and 4, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Goodwill 
 In our evaluation of goodwill impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors such as macroeconomic, industry and competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environments, historical and projected financial performance, significant changes in the reporting unit and the magnitude of excess fair value over carrying amount from the previous quantitative impairment testing. If the result of a qualitative test indicates a potential for impairment, a quantitative test is performed. When a quantitative test is considered necessary, estimates of fair value for goodwill impairment testing are determined based on a discounted cash flow model and a market-based approach. We use inputs from our long-range planning process to determine growth rates for sales and earnings. The other key estimates and factors used in the discounted cash flow include, but are not limited to, discount rates, actual business trends experienced, commodity prices, foreign exchange rates, inflation and terminal growth rates. 
 For 2022, we completed the required annual assessment of goodwill for impairment for all of our reporting units using a qualitative assessment as of the first day of the third quarter, and we determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill significantly exceeds the carrying amount for each of our reporting units. 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 We evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets, primarily brands, to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry, known technological advances and expected changes in distribution channels), the level of required maintenance expenditures, and the expected lives of other related groups of assets. 
 Our estimate of the fair value of our brand assets is based on a discounted cash flow model and a market-based approach using inputs which include projected revenues from our long-range plan, assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the brands, and a discount rate. The cash flows used in the discounted cash flow model are consistent with those we use in our internal planning, which gives consideration to actual business trends experienced and the long-term business strategy. 
 We performed our 2022 impairment assessment of our intangible assets as of the first day of the third quarter, and based upon a qualitative assessment, no impairment indicators were found to be present. 
 New Accounting Standards 
 See Item 8, Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting standards and their anticipated effects on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain matters contained in this report concerning the business outlook, including raw material, energy and other input costs, the anticipated cost savings from our FORCE program, cash flow and uses of cash, growth initiatives, innovations, marketing and other spending, net sales, anticipated currency rates and exchange risks, including the impact in Argentina and Turkey, effective tax rate, contingencies and anticipated transactions of Kimberly-Clark, including dividends, share repurchases and pension contributions, constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are based upon management's expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting Kimberly-Clark. 
 
 27 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

There can be no assurance that these future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update them. 
 The assumptions used as a basis for the forward-looking statements include many estimates that, among other things, depend on the achievement of future cost savings and projected volume increases. In addition, many factors outside our control, including the war in Ukraine (including the related responses of consumers, customers, and suppliers and sanctions issued by the U.S., the European Union, Russia or other countries), pandemics (including the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak and the related responses of governments, consumers, customers, suppliers and employees), epidemics, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the prices and availability of our raw materials, supply chain disruptions, failure to realize the expected benefits or synergies from our acquisition and disposition activity (including our pending agreement to sell our Neve tissue brand and associated assets in Brazil), changes in customer preferences, severe weather conditions, government trade or similar regulatory actions, potential competitive pressures on selling prices for our products, energy costs, general economic and political conditions globally and in the markets in which we do business, as well as our ability to maintain key customer relationships, could affect the realization of these estimates. 
 The factors described under Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Form 10-K, or in our other SEC filings, among others, could cause our future results to differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. Other factors not presently known to us or that we presently consider immaterial could also affect our business operations and financial results. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As a multinational enterprise, we are exposed to risks such as changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices. A variety of practices are employed to manage these risks, including operating and financing activities and, where deemed appropriate, the use of derivative instruments. Derivative instruments are used only for risk management purposes and not for speculation. Foreign currency derivative instruments are primarily entered into with major financial institutions. Our credit exposure under these arrangements is limited to agreements with a positive fair value at the reporting date. Credit risk with respect to the counterparties is actively monitored but is not considered significant since these transactions are executed with a diversified group of financial institutions. 
 Presented below is a description of our risks (foreign currency risk and interest rate risk) together with a sensitivity analysis, performed annually, of each of these risks based on selected changes in market rates and prices. These analyses reflect management's view of changes which are reasonably possible to occur over a one-year period. Also included is a description of our commodity price risk. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 A portion of our foreign currency risk is managed through the systematic use of foreign currency forward contracts. The use of these instruments supports the management of transactional exposures to exchange rate fluctuations as the gains or losses incurred on the derivative instruments will offset, in whole or in part, gains or losses on the underlying foreign currency exposure. We also utilize cross currency swaps and foreign denominated debt to hedge certain investments in foreign subsidiaries. The gain or loss on these instruments is recognized in other comprehensive income to offset the change in value of the net investments being hedged. 
 Foreign currency contracts and transactional exposures are sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. An annual test is performed to quantify the effects that possible changes in foreign currency exchange rates would have on annual operating profit based on our foreign currency contracts and transactional exposures at the current year-end. The balance sheet effect is calculated by multiplying each affiliate's net monetary asset or liability position by a 10 percent change in the foreign currency exchange rate versus the U.S. dollar. 
 As of December 31, 2022, a 10 percent unfavorable change in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar against the prevailing market rates of foreign currencies involving balance sheet transactional exposures would not be material to our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. This hypothetical loss on transactional exposures is based on the difference between the December 31, 2022 rates and the assumed rates. 
 
 28 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Our operations in Argentina ("K-C Argentina") are reported using highly inflationary accounting and their functional currency is the U.S. dollar. Changes in the value of an Argentine peso versus the U.S. dollar applied to our net peso monetary position are recorded in Other (income) and expense, net at the time of the change. As of December 31, 2022, K-C Argentina had a small net peso monetary position and a 10 percent unfavorable change in the exchange rate would not be material. 
 As of April 1, 2022, we elected to adopt highly inflationary accounting for our operations in Turkey K-C Turkey ), and their functional currency is also the U.S. dollar. Changes in the value of a Turkish lira versus the U.S. dollar applied to our net lira monetary position are recorded in Other (income) and expense, net at the time of the change. As of December 31, 2022, K-C Turkey had a small net lira monetary position and a 10 percent unfavorable change in the exchange rate would not be material. 
 The translation of the balance sheets of non-U.S. operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars is also sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Consequently, an annual test is performed to determine if changes in currency exchange rates would have a significant effect on the translation of the balance sheets of non-U.S. operations into U.S. dollars. These translation gains or losses are recorded as unrealized translation adjustments ("UTA") within stockholders' equity. The hypothetical change in UTA is calculated by multiplying the net assets of these non-U.S. operations by a 10 percent change in the currency exchange rates. As of December 31, 2022, a 10 percent unfavorable change in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar against the prevailing market rates of our foreign currency translation exposures would have reduced stockholders' equity by approximately 650. In the view of management, the above potential UTA adjustments resulting from these assumed changes in foreign currency exchange rates are not material to our consolidated financial position because they would not affect our cash flow. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is managed through the maintenance of a portfolio of variable and fixed-rate debt composed of short and long-term instruments. The objective is to maintain a cost-effective mix that management deems appropriate. At December 31, 2022, the long-term debt portfolio was comprised of primarily fixed-rate debt. F rom time to time, we also hedge the anticipated issuance of fixed-rate debt and those contracts are designated as cash flow hedges. 
 In order to determine the impact of changes in interest rates on our financial position or future results of operations, we calculated the increase or decrease in the market value of fixed-rate debt using a 10 percent change in current market interest rates and the rates governing these instruments. At December 31, 2022, a 10 percent decrease in interest rates would have increased the fair value of fixed-rate debt by about 338, which would not have a significant impact on our financial statements as we do not record debt at fair value. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We are subject to commodity price risk, the most significant of which relates to the price of pulp and petroleum-based materials. Selling prices of products are influenced, in part, by the market price for these pulp and petroleum-based materials. As previously discussed under Item 1A, "Risk Factors," increases in pulp or petroleum-based material prices could adversely affect earnings if selling prices are not adjusted or if such adjustments significantly trail the increases in commodity prices. In some instances, we use contracts of varying durations along with strategic pricing mechanisms to manage volatility for a portion of our commodity costs, but derivative instruments have not been used to manage these risks. 
 Our energy, manufacturing and transportation costs are affected by various market factors including the availability of supplies of particular forms of energy, energy prices and local and national regulatory decisions. As previously discussed under Item 1A, "Risk Factors," there can be no assurance we will be fully protected against substantial changes in the price or availability of energy sources. In addition, we are subject to price risk for utilities and manufacturing inputs, used in our manufacturing operations. Derivative instruments are used in accordance with our risk management policy to hedge a portion of the price risk. 
 
 29 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS 
 Year Ended December 31 (Millions of dollars, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net Sales Cost of products sold Gross Profit Marketing, research and general expenses Other (income) and expense, net ) ) Operating Profit Nonoperating expense ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Income Before Income Taxes and Equity Interests 
 Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Income Before Equity Interests Share of net income of equity companies Net Income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation Per Share Basis Net Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation 
 Basic Diluted 
 See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 30 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Year Ended December 31 (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Unrealized currency translation adjustments ) ) Employee postretirement benefits Cash flow hedges and other ) ) Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax ) ) Comprehensive Income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation 
 See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 31 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31 (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Total Current Assets Property, Plant and Equipment, Net Investments in Equity Companies Goodwill Other Intangible Assets, Net Other Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities Debt payable within one year Trade accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Dividends payable Total Current Liabilities Long-Term Debt Noncurrent Employee Benefits Deferred Income Taxes Other Liabilities Redeemable Common and Preferred Securities of Subsidiaries Stockholders' Equity Kimberly-Clark Corporation Preferred stock - par value - authorized million shares, issued 
 Common stock - par value - authorized billion shares; issued million shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Common stock held in treasury, at cost - and million shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Kimberly-Clark Corporation Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Stockholders' Equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 32 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Millions of dollars, shares in thousands, except per share amounts) Common Stock Issued Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non- controlling Interests Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income in stockholders' equity, excludes redeemable interests' share 
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax, excludes redeemable interests' share 
 Stock-based awards exercised or vested 
 ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) Recognition of stock-based compensation 
 Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) ) Other 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income in stockholders' equity, excludes redeemable interests' share 
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax, excludes redeemable interests' share 
 ) ) ) Stock-based awards exercised or vested 
 ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) Recognition of stock-based compensation 
 Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) ) Other 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income in stockholders' equity, excludes redeemable interests' share 
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax, excludes redeemable interests' share 
 ) ) ) Stock-based awards exercised or vested 
 ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) Recognition of stock-based compensation 
 Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) ) Other 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 33 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENTS 
 Year Ended December 31 (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income Depreciation and amortization Asset impairments Gain on previously held equity investment in Thinx ) Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Net (gains) losses on asset dispositions Equity companies' earnings (in excess of) less than dividends paid ) Operating working capital ) Postretirement benefits ) ) Other ) Cash Provided by Operations Investing Activities Capital spending ) ) ) Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) ) Proceeds from dispositions of property Investments in time deposits ) ) ) Maturities of time deposits Other ) ) Cash Used for Investing ) ) ) Financing Activities Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Change in short-term debt ) ) Debt proceeds Debt repayments ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Acquisitions of common stock for the treasury ) ) ) Cash dividends paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Cash Used for Financing ) ) ) Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Year 
 See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 34 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 
 years. Machinery and equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, primarily ranging from to years. Purchases of computer software, including external costs and certain internal costs (including payroll and payroll-related costs of employees) directly associated with developing significant computer software applications for internal use, are capitalized. Computer software costs are amortized on the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, which generally does not exceed years. 
 Estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed and, when warranted, changes are made to them. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be indicated when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of an asset group, which are identifiable and largely independent of the cash flows of other asset groups, are less than the carrying amount of the asset group. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using discounted cash flows or independent appraisals, as appropriate. When property is sold or retired, the cost of the property and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the consolidated balance sheet and any gain or loss on the transaction is included in income. 
 
 35 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

to years for trademarks and to years for certain acquired distributor and customer relationships. 
 
 36 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Other Income 
 Certain amounts not directly associated with the current operations of the business are recorded in Other (income) and expense, net. In the first quarter of 2022, an non-recurring, non-cash gain was recognized in Other (income) expense, net as a result of the remeasurement of the carrying value of our previously held equity investment to fair value upon the acquisition of a controlling interest in Thinx Inc. ("Thinx"). See Note 3 for details on the acquisition of Thinx. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, we received a favorable legal ruling that resolved certain matters related to prior years business taxes in Brazil. These matters involved the revenue base, which included value added taxes, used to calculate and pay social security taxes for the period 2004 to 2014. In the legal ruling, the S o Paulo State Court recognized our right to exclude the value added taxes from the revenue base used to calculate those social security taxes. This decision resulted in business tax credits being recognized of . 
 percent of o . 
 percent of our consolidated net sales. 
 
 37 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Note 2. 
 . The restructuring impacted all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies. 
 The restructuring actions were completed with total costs of billion pre-tax billion after tax). Pre-tax cash and non-cash costs of billion and billion, respectively, were incurred. 
 
 38 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Asset impairments Asset write-offs Incremental depreciation Other exit costs Total Marketing, research and general expenses: Charges for workforce reductions ) Other exit costs Total Other (income) and expense, net (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Nonoperating expense (b) 
 79 36 45 127 287 Total charges Provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) ) Net charges Net impact related to equity companies and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net charges attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation 
 (a) Other (income) and expense, net in 2019 was the result of pre-tax gains on the sales of manufacturing facilities and associated real estate which were disposed of as part of the restructuring. 
 (b) 
 The measurement of the asset impairment charges was based on the excess of the carrying values of the impacted asset groups over their fair values. These fair values were measured by using discounted cash flows expected over the limited time the assets would remain in use or the expected sales value, and as a result, the assets were essentially written off or written down to fair value less costs to sell. The use of discounted cash flows represents a level 3 measure under the fair value hierarchy. 
 Charges for workforce reductions and other cash exit costs Cash payments ) Currency and other ) Restructuring liabilities at December 31 
 As of December 31, 2022, remaining restructuring liabilities were not material. As of December 31, 2021, restructuring liabilities of were recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities and were recorded in Other Liabilities. The impact related to restructuring charges was recorded in Operating working capital and Other Operating Activities, as appropriate, in our consolidated cash flow statement. Cash payments of , and were made during 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
 
 39 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Note 3 . 
 consisting of cash of , the fair value of our previously held equity investment of , and certain share-based award costs of . 
 We previously accounted for our ownership interest in Thinx as an equity method investment, but upon increasing our ownership to , w e began consolidating the operations of Thinx into our financial statements at the end of the first quarter of 2022. The consolidated results of operations for Thinx are reported in our Personal Care business segment on a one-month lag. The share of Thinx net income and equity attributable to the third-party minority owner of Thinx is classified in our consolidated income statement within Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and in our consolidated balance sheet within Redeemable Common and Preferred Securities of Subsidiaries. This noncontrolling equity interest is measured at the estimated redemption value, which approximates fair value. 
 We have substantially completed an initial purchase price allocation in which we utilized several generally accepted valuation methodologies to estimate the fair value of certain acquired assets. The primary valuation methods included two forms of the Income Approach (i.e., the multi-period excess earnings method [distributor method] and the relief-from-royalty method). These valuation methodologies are commonly used to value similar identifiable intangible assets in the Consumer Packaged Goods industry. All of the selected valuation methodologies incorporate unobservable inputs, or Level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value hierarchy in Accounting Standard Codification 820, Fair Value Measurements . In connection with these valuation methodologies, we are required to make estimates and assumptions regarding market comparable companies, revenue growth rates, operating margins, distributor and customer attrition rates, royalty rates, distributor margins, discount rates, etc., which are primarily based on cash flow forecasts, business plans, economic projections and other information available to market participants. 
 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net Goodwill Other Intangible Assets, Net Other assets Current liabilities ) Deferred income taxes ) Other liabilities ) Fair value of net assets acquired Less fair value of noncontrolling interest ) Total purchase price consideration 
 Other Intangible Assets, Net includes brands and customer relationships which have estimated useful lives of 4 to 15 years, primarily 15 years. Based on the carrying value of these finite-lived assets as of December 31, 2022, amortization expense per year for each of the next five years is estimated to be approximately . 
 Goodwill of w as allocated to the Personal Care business segment. The goodwill is primarily attributable to future growth opportunities and any intangible assets that did not qualify for separate recognition. For tax purposes, the acquisition of additional Thinx shares was treated as a stock acquisition, and the goodwill acquired is not tax deductible. 
 The preliminary estimates of the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are subject to revisions, which may result in adjustments to the preliminary values discussed above. We continue to evaluate potential contingencies that may have existed as of the acquisition date and expect to finalize the purchase price allocation no later than the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 40 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

non-recurring, non-cash gain was recognized in Other (income) expense, net as a result of the remeasurement of the carrying value of our previously held equity investment to fair value, and related transaction and integration costs of were recorded in Marketing, research and general expenses. This recognition resulted in a net benefit of pre-tax after tax) being included in our consolidated income statement for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. In addition, we removed the non-cash gain impact from Operating Activities in our consolidated cash flow statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Pro forma results of operations have not been presented as the impact on our consolidated financial statements is not material. 
 2020 Softex Indonesia Acquisition 
 On October 1, 2020 Acquisition Date ), we acquired Softex Indonesia, a leader in the fast-growing Indonesian personal care market, in an all-cash transaction for approximately billion. This transaction significantly expands our presence in an important developing and emerging market and is a strong strategic fit with our core business. The transaction price, subject to working capital and net debt adjustments, resulted in a final purchase price of billion in addition to the assumption of certain indebtedness of Softex Indonesia at closing. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded transaction and integration costs of in Marketing, research and general expenses. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2020, we substantially completed and recorded an initial purchase price allocation, in which we utilized several generally accepted valuation methodologies to determine the fair value of certain acquired assets. The primary valuation methods included the replacement cost approach, sales comparison approach, discounted cash flow, multi-period excess earnings, relief from royalty and distributor methods. The purchase price allocation was finalized by October 2021 and included an immaterial amount of recorded measurement period adjustments. The measurement period adjustments to the initial allocation were based on more detailed information obtained about the specific assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the Acquisition Date. 
 Goodwill of was allocated to the Personal Care business segment. The goodwill is primarily attributable to future growth opportunities and any intangible assets that did not qualify for separate recognition. While the goodwill is not deductible for local tax purposes, it is treated as an amortizable expense for the U.S. global intangible low-taxed income ("GILTI") c omputation. 
 The consolidated results of operations for Softex Indonesia are reported primarily in our Personal Care business segment on a one-month lag. 
 
 Note 4 . 
 Acquisition Effect of foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Acquisition Effect of foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 

41 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Intangibles assets with finite lives: Trademarks and brand names ) ) Other intangible assets (a) 
 ) ) Total intangible assets with finite lives ) ) Total ) ) 
 (a) Other intangible assets primarily include customer and distributor relationships. 
 (b) Amounts subject to foreign currency adjustments. 
 Amortization expense relating to the intangible assets with finite lives was , and for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Based on the carrying values of the intangible assets with finite lives as of December 31, 2022, amortization expense for each of the next five years is estimated to be approximately . 
 
 Note 5. 
 and , respectively, and derivative liabilities were and , respectively. The fair values of derivatives used to manage interest rate risk and commodity price risk are based on LIBOR rates and interest rate swap curves and commodity price quotations, respectively. The fair values of hedging instruments used to manage foreign currency risk are based on published quotations of spot currency rates and forward points, which are converted into implied forward currency rates. Measurement of our derivative assets and liabilities is considered a level 2 measurement. See Note 12 for additional information on our use of derivative instruments. 
 Redeemable common and preferred securities of subsidiaries are measured on a recurring basis at their estimated redemption values, which approximates fair value. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the securities were valued at and respectively. No redeemable common securities were outstanding at December 31, 2021. The securities are not traded in active markets, and their measurement is considered a level 3 measurement. 
 Company-owned life insurance ("COLI") assets are measured on a recurring basis at fair value. COLI assets were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The COLI policies are a source of funding primarily for our nonqualified employee benefits and are included in other assets. The COLI policies are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient, and therefore, are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 42 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Time deposits (b) 
 1 Liabilities 
 Short-term debt (c) 
 2 Long-term debt (d) 
 2 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 
 Note 6. 
 2023 - 2050 Industrial development revenue bonds 2023 - 2045 Bank loans and other financings in various currencies 2023 - 2051 Total long-term debt Less current portion Long-term portion 
 Scheduled maturities of long-term debt for the next five years are in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026 and in 2027. 
 In October 2021, we issued aggregate principal amount of notes due November 2, 2031. Proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes. 
 We maintain a billion revolving credit facility which expires in June 2026 and a revolving credit facility which expires in June 2023. These facilities, currently unused, support our commercial paper program, and would provide liquidity in the event our access to the commercial paper markets is unavailable for any reason. 

43 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Note 7. 
 million shares. 
 Stock options are granted at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant, and they have a term of years. Stock options are subject to graded vesting whereby options vest percent at the end of each of the first two 12-month periods following the grant and percent at the end of the third 12-month period. 
 Time-vested restricted share unit grants starting in 2022 are valued at the closing market price of our common stock on the grant date and are generally subject to a graded vesting whereby shares vest 30 percent at the end of each of the first two 12-month periods following the grant and 40 percent at the end of the third 12-month period. Time-vested restricted share unit grants issued prior to 2022 or issued for special one-time awards, restricted shares units and performance-based restricted share units granted to employees are valued at the closing market price of our common stock on the grant date and vest generally at the end of . The number of performance-based share units that ultimately vest ranges from to percent of the number granted based on performance. Beginning in 2021, performance metrics are tied to modified free cash flow and organic sales growth during the three-year performance period. Modified free cash flow and organic sales growth are set at the beginning of the performance period. Performance-based share units granted prior to 2021 are structured similarly but vest on performance tied to return on invested capital ("ROIC") and net sales. Restricted share units granted to outside directors are valued at the closing market price of our common stock on the grant date and vest when they are granted. The restricted period begins on the date of grant and expires on the date the outside director retires from or otherwise terminates service on our Board. 
 At the time stock options are exercised or restricted shares and restricted share units become payable, common stock is issued from our accumulated treasury shares. Dividend equivalents are credited on restricted share units on the same date and at the same rate as dividends are paid on Kimberly-Clark's common stock. These dividend equivalents, net of estimated forfeitures, are charged to retained earnings. 
 Stock-based compensation costs of , and and related deferred income tax benefits of , and were recognized for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The fair value of stock option awards was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model utilizing a range of assumptions related to dividend yield, volatility, risk-free interest rate, and employee exercise behavior. Dividend yield is based on historical experience and expected future dividend actions. Expected volatility is based on a blend of historical volatility and implied volatility from traded options on Kimberly-Clark's common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. We estimate forfeitures based on historical data. 
 , and , in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, per option on the date of grant based on the following assumptions: 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Dividend yield Volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected life - years 
 
 44 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Restricted shares and time-vested restricted share units Performance-based restricted share units 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 The total fair value of restricted share units that were distributed to participants during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 
 Note 8. 
 percent in 2023 and to decline to percent in and thereafter. Assumed health care cost trend rates affect the amounts reported for postretirement health care benefit plans. 
 As a result of restructuring actions related to the 2018 Global Restructuring Program, aggregate pension settlement charges of , and during 2021 and 2020, respectively, and curtailment gains of during 2021 were recognized in Nonoperating 
 
 45 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Currency and other ) ) ) Benefit payments from plans ) ) Direct benefit payments ) ) ) ) Settlements and curtailments ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in Plan Assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Currency and other ) ) Benefit payments ) ) Settlements ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded Status ) ) ) ) 
 (a) The actuarial net gains in 2022 and in 2021 were primarily due to discount rate increases. 
 Substantially all of the funded status of pension and other benefits is recognized in the consolidated balance sheet in Noncurrent Employee Benefits, with the remainder recognized in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities and Other Assets. 
 Accumulated benefit obligation ABO Fair value of plan assets 
 Approximately one-half of the PBO and fair value of plan assets for the Principal Plans relate to the U.S. qualified and nonqualified pension plans. 
 
 46 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Fair value of plan assets 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets (a) 
 ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss Settlements and curtailments 
 Other 
 ) ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost 
 (a) 
 The components of net periodic benefit cost other than the service cost component are included in the line item Nonoperating expense in our consolidated income statement. 
 Expected long-term return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 
 Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to Determine Benefit Obligations at December 31 
 Pension Benefits Other Benefits 2022 2021 2022 2021 Discount rate Rate of compensation increase 
 
 47 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

percent fixed income securities and percent equity securities. 
 The expected long-term rate of return is generally evaluated on an annual basis. In setting this assumption, we consider a number of factors including projected future returns by asset class relative to the current asset allocation. The weighted-average expected long-term rate of return on pension fund assets used to calculate pension expense for the Principal Plans was percent in 2022, percent in 2021 and percent in 2020, and will be percent in 2023. 
 Set forth below are the pension plan assets of the Principal Plans measured at fair value, by level in the fair-value hierarchy. More than 65 percent of the assets are held in pooled funds and are measured using a net asset value (or its equivalent). Accordingly, such assets do not meet the Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 criteria of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Held through mutual and pooled funds measured at net asset value Fixed Income Held directly U.S. government and municipals U.S. corporate debt International bonds Held through mutual and pooled funds measured at net asset value U.S. government and municipals U.S. corporate debt International bonds Equity Held directly U.S. equity International equity Held through mutual and pooled funds measured at net asset value Non-U.S. equity Global equity Insurance Contracts Other ) ) Total Plan Assets 
 Futures contracts are used when appropriate to manage duration targets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the U.S. plan held directly Treasury futures contracts with a total notional value of approximately and , respectively, and an 
 
 48 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

and , and an insignificant fair value. 
 During 2022 and 2021, the plan assets did not include a significant amount of Kimberly-Clark common stock. 
 Held through mutual and pooled funds measured at net asset value Fixed Income Held directly U.S. government and municipals U.S. corporate debt International bonds Held through mutual and pooled funds measured at net asset value U.S. government and municipals U.S. corporate debt International bonds Equity Held directly U.S. equity 
 International equity Held through mutual and pooled funds measured at net asset value Non-U.S. equity Global equity Insurance Contracts Other ) Total Plan Assets 
 Inputs and valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of plan assets vary according to the type of security being valued. Substantially all of the equity securities held directly by the plans are actively traded and fair values are determined based on quoted market prices. Fair values of U.S. government securities are determined based on trading activity in the marketplace. 
 Fair values of U.S. corporate debt, U.S. municipals and international bonds are typically determined by reference to the values of similar securities traded in the marketplace and current interest rate levels. Multiple pricing services are typically employed to assist in determining these valuations. 
 Fair values of equity securities and fixed income securities held through units of pooled funds are based on net asset value of the units of the pooled fund determined by the fund manager. Pooled funds are similar in nature to retail mutual funds, but are typically more efficient for institutional investors. The fair value of pooled funds is determined by the value of the underlying assets held by the fund and the units outstanding. 
 Equity securities held directly by the pension trusts and those held through units in pooled funds are monitored as to issuer and industry. Except for U.S. Treasuries, concentrations of fixed income securities are similarly monitored for concentrations by issuer and industry. As of December 31, 2022, 
 
 49 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

to our defined benefit pension plans in 2023. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 Defined Contribution Pension Plans 
 Our 401(k) profit sharing plan and supplemental plan provide for a matching contribution of a U.S. employee's contributions and accruals, subject to predetermined limits, as well as a discretionary profit sharing contribution, in which contributions will be based on our profit performance. We also have defined contribution pension plans for certain employees outside the U.S. Costs charged to expense for our defined contribution pension plans were in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. Approximately 30 percent of these costs were for plans outside the U.S. 
 
 Note 9.) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 ) (Income) loss reclassified from AOCI (a) ) (a) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) (Income) loss reclassified from AOCI (a) (a) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 (a) 
 Included in the above defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans balances as of December 31, 2022 is and of unrecognized net actuarial loss and unrecognized net prior service credit, respectively. 
 
 50 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

) Tax effect ) ) ) ) Defined benefit pension plans 
 Unrecognized net actuarial loss and transition amount 
 Funded status recognition ) Amortization 
 Settlements and curtailments Currency and other ) Unrecognized prior service cost/credit 
 Funded status recognition ) Amortization 
 ) ) Curtailments ) Currency and other ) ) Tax effect ) ) ) Other postretirement benefit plans 
 Unrecognized net actuarial loss and transition amount and other 
 ) Tax effect ) ) ) Cash flow hedges and other Recognition of effective portion of hedges 
 ) ) Amortization 
 ) ) Currency and other ) ) ) Tax effect ) ) ) Change in AOCI 
 ) ) 
 Amounts are reclassified from AOCI into Cost of products sold, Nonoperating expense, Interest expense, or Other (income) and expense, net, as applicable, in the consolidated income statement. 
 Net unrealized currency gains or losses resulting from the translation of assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries, except those in highly inflationary economies, are recorded in AOCI. For these operations, changes in exchange rates generally do not affect cash flows; therefore, unrealized translation adjustments are recorded in AOCI rather than net income. Upon sale or substantially complete liquidation of any of these subsidiaries, the applicable unrealized translation adjustment would be removed from AOCI and reported as part of the gain or loss on the sale or liquidation. The change in unrealized translation in 2022 is primarily due to the weakening of various foreign currencies versus the U.S. dollar, particularly the Indonesian rupiah and the British pound. Also included in unrealized translation amounts are the effects of foreign exchange rate changes on intercompany balances of a long-term investment nature and transactions designated as hedges of net foreign investments. 
 
 51 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Note 10. 
 years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to years, and some of which include options to terminate the leases within year. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Our lease costs are primarily related to facility leases for inventory warehousing and administration offices. 
 Cost of products sold, Marketing, research and general expenses Finance lease expense: Amortization of lease assets Cost of products sold Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Total finance lease expense Variable lease expense (a) 
 Cost of products sold, Marketing, research and general expenses Total lease expense 
 (a) Includes short-term leases, which are immaterial. 
 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net Total lease assets Liabilities Current: Operating lease 127 130 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Finance lease 11 11 Debt payable within one year Noncurrent: Operating lease 377 393 Other Liabilities Finance lease 49 60 Long-Term Debt Total lease liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accumulated amortization of finance lease asset s was and , respectively. 
 
 52 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, our operating leases have a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and a weighted-average discount rate of percent and our finance leases have a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and a weighted-average discount rate of percent . 
 Finance leases Lease assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases Other non-cash modifications to lease assets: Operating leases 
 We have entered into long-term contracts for the purchase of superabsorbent materials, pulp and certain utilities. Commitments under these contracts based on current prices are in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, in 2027, and beyond the year 2027. 
 Although we are primarily liable for payments on the above-mentioned leases and purchase commitments, our exposure to losses, if any, under these arrangements is not material. 
 
 Note 11. 

53 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Note 12. 
 and , respectively, and derivative liabilities were and , respectively, primarily comprised of foreign currency exchange and commodity price contracts. Derivative assets are recorded in Other current assets or Other Assets, as appropriate, and derivative liabilities are recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities or Other Liabilities, as appropriate. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Translation adjustments result from translating foreign entities' financial statements into U.S. dollars from their functional currencies. The risk to any particular entity's net assets is reduced to the extent that the entity is financed with local currency borrowings. A portion of our balance sheet translation exposure for certain affiliates, which results from changes in translation rates between the affiliates functional currencies and the U.S. dollar, is hedged with cross-currency swap contracts and certain foreign denominated debt which are designated as net investment hedges. The foreign currency exposure on certain non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily intercompany loans and accounts payable, is hedged with primarily undesignated derivative instruments. 
 Derivative instruments are entered into to hedge a portion of forecasted cash flows denominated in foreign currencies for non-U.S. operations' purchases of raw materials, which are priced in U.S. dollars, and imports of intercompany finished goods and work-in-process priced predominantly in U.S. dollars and euros. The derivative instruments used to manage these exposures are designated as cash flow hedges. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is managed using a portfolio of variable and fixed-rate debt composed of short and long-term instruments. Interest rate swap contracts may be used to facilitate the maintenance of the desired ratio of variable and fixed-rate debt and are designated as fair value hedges. From time to time, we also hedge the anticipated issuance of fixed-rate debt, and these contracts are designated as cash flow hedges. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We use derivative instruments, such as forward contracts, to hedge a portion of our exposure to market risk arising from changes in prices of certain commodities. These derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges of specific quantities of the underlying commodity expected to be purchased in future months. In addition, we utilize negotiated contracts of varying durations along with strategic pricing mechanisms to manage volatility for a portion of our commodity costs. 
 
 54 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

and , respectively. For each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, gains or losses recognized in Interest expense for interest rate swaps were not significant. 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is initially recorded in AOCI, net of related income taxes, and recognized in earnings in the same income statement line and period that the hedged exposure affects earnings. As of December 31, 2022, outstanding commodity forward contracts were in place to hedge a portion of our estimated requirements of the related underlying commodities in 2023 and future periods. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate notional value of outstanding foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges was billion. For each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, no significant gains or losses were reclassified into Interest expense, Cost of products sold or Other (income) and expense, net as a result of the discontinuance of cash flow hedges due to the original forecasted transaction no longer being probable of occurring. At December 31, 2022, amounts to be reclassified from AOCI into Interest expense, Cost of products sold or Other (income), net during the next twelve months are not expected to be material. The maximum maturity of cash flow hedges in place at December 31, 2022 is December 2025. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as net investment hedges, the aggregate notional value was billion at December 31, 2022. We exclude the interest accruals on cross-currency swap contracts and the forward points on foreign exchange forward contracts from the assessment and measurement of hedge effectiveness. We recognize the interest accruals on cross-currency swap contracts in earnings within Interest expense. We amortize the forward points on foreign exchange contracts into earnings within Interest expense over the life of the hedging relationship. Changes in fair value of net investment hedges are recorded in AOCI and offset the change in the value of the net investment being hedged. For the year ended December 31, 2022, unrealized gain of related to net investment hedge fair value changes were recorded in AOCI and no significant amounts were reclassified from AOCI to Interest expense. 
 No significant amounts were excluded from the assessment of net investment, fair value or cash flow hedge effectiveness as of December 31, 2022. 
 Undesignated Hedging Instruments 
 Gains or losses on undesignated foreign exchange hedging instruments are immediately recognized in Other (income) and expense, net. A loss of , a loss of and a gain of were recorded in the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The effect on earnings from the use of these non-designated derivatives is substantially neutralized by the transactional gains and losses recorded on the underlying assets and liabilities. At December 31, 2022, the notional amount of these undesignated derivative instruments was approximately billion. 
 
 55 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Note 13. 
 State Other countries Total Deferred income taxes United States ) ) State ) ) Other countries ) ) ) Total ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 Other countries Total income before income taxes and equity interests 
 
 56 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Tax credits and loss carryforwards Capitalized research costs (a) 
 Lease liability Prepaid royalties Derivatives Other Valuation allowances ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Property, plant and equipment, net Investments in subsidiaries Intangible assets Lease asset Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) ) 
 
 Valuation allowances at the end of 2022 primarily relate to tax credits, capital loss carryforwards, and income tax loss carryforwards of billion. If these items are not utilized against taxable income, of the income tax loss carryforwards will expire from 2023 through 2039. The remaining has no expiration date. 
 Realization of income tax loss carryforwards is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income prior to expiration of these carryforwards. Although realization is not assured, we believe it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets, net of applicable valuation allowances, will be realized. The amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable could be reduced or increased due to changes in the tax environment or if estimates of future taxable income change during the carryforward period. 
 
 57 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Routine tax incentives ) ) ) Net nondeductible expenses Net tax cost on foreign income Valuation allowance Other - net (a) 
 ) ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 (a) 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have accumulated undistributed earnings generated by our foreign subsidiaries of approximately billion . Earnings of billion were previously subject to U.S. federal income tax. Any additional taxes due with respect to such previously-taxed foreign earnings, if repatriated, would generally be limited to foreign and U.S. state income taxes. Deferred taxes have been recorded on billion of earnings of foreign consolidated subsidiaries expected to be repatriated. We do not intend to distribute the remaining billion of previously-taxed foreign earnings and therefore have not recorded deferred taxes for foreign and U.S. state income taxes on such earnings. 
 We consider any excess of the amount for financial reporting over tax basis in our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested. The determination of deferred tax liabilities on the amount of financial reporting over tax basis or the billion of previously-taxed foreign earnings is not practicable. 
 Gross increases for tax positions of prior years Gross decreases for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Gross increases for tax positions of the current year Settlements ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance at December 31 
 Of the amounts recorded as unrecognized income tax benefits at December 31, 2022, would reduce our effective tax rate if recognized. 
 We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized income tax benefits in Provision for income taxes. During each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, the net impact of interest and penalties was not significant. Total accrued penalties and net accrued interest was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 It is reasonably possible that a number of uncertainties could be resolved within the next 12 months. The aggregate resolution of the uncertainties could be up to , whil e none of the uncertainties is individually significant. Resolution of these matters is not expected to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 58 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

to United Kingdom to Brazil to China to South Korea to 
 Our originally filed U.S. federal income tax returns have been audited through 2015; however, our amended U.S. federal income tax returns are subject to audit for 2013-2018. 
 State income tax returns are generally subject to examination for a period of 3 to 5 years a fter filing of the respective return. The state effect of any changes to filed federal positions remains subject to examination by various states for a period of up to two years after formal notification to the states. We have various state income tax return positions in the process of examination, administrative appeals or litigation. 
 The Brazilian tax authority, Secretaria da Receita Federal do Brasil ("RFB"), concluded an audit for the taxable periods from 2008-2013. This audit included a review of our determinations of amortization of certain goodwill arising from prior acquisitions in Brazil, and the RFB has proposed adjustments that effectively eliminate the goodwill amortization benefits related to these transactions. Administrative appeals have been exhausted with a partial favorable decision for our position, and the remaining dispute is in the judicial phase. Based upon the matters that remain in dispute, the amount of the proposed tax adjustments and penalties is approxima tely as of Decembe r 31, 2022 (translated at the December 31, 2022 currency exchange rate). The amount ultimately in dispute will be significantly greater because of interest. We believe we have meritorious defenses and intend to vigorously defend against these proposed adjustments; however, it is expected to take a number of years to reach resolution of this matter. 
 As part of the tax audit of our U.S. federal income tax returns for the taxable years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service proposed an adjustment that would increase the amount of the one-time transition tax on certain undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries owed by us. We believe we have adequate reserves and meritorious defenses and intend to vigorously defend against the proposed adjustment; however, it is expected to take a number of years to reach resolution of this matter. 
 
 Note 14. 
 
 Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted share unit awards Diluted 
 Options outstanding that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because their exercise price was greater than the average market price of the common shares were insignificant. The number of common shares outstanding (in millions) as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 
 Note 15. 

59 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

percent in 2022, percent in 2021 and percent in 2020. Net sales to Walmart Inc. were primarily in the Personal Care and Consumer Tissue segments. 
 
 60 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Consumer Tissue K-C Professional Corporate Other TOTAL NET SALES OPERATING PROFIT (b) 
 Personal Care Consumer Tissue K-C Professional Corporate Other (c) 
 ) ) ) Other (income) and expense, net (d) 
 ) ) TOTAL OPERATING PROFIT 
 (a) , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. No other individual country's net sales exceeds 10 percent of total net sales. 
 (b) 
 (c) Corporate Other include s transaction and integration costs of related to the acquisition of a controlling interest in Thinx in 2022 and and related to the 2018 Global Restructuring Program in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Restructuring charges for the 2018 Global Restructuring Program related to the Personal Care, Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional business segments were , and for 2021 and , and for 2020, respectively. Corporate Other also includes acquisition-related costs of associated with the acquisition of Softex Indonesia in 2020. 
 (d) Other (income) and expense, net for 2022 includes the non-cash, non-recurring gain of related to the acquisition of a controlling interest in Thinx. F related to a favorable legal ruling that resolved certain matters related to prior years' business taxes in Brazil. 
 
 Personal Care Consumer Tissue K-C Professional Corporate Other Total Depreciation and Amortization 
 2022 2021 2020 Capital Spending 2022 2021 2020 Assets 2022 2021 2020 
 
 61 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Consumer tissue products Away-from-home professional products All other Consolidated 

Note 16. 
 Research expense 
 2021 2020 Current Assets Noncurrent Assets Current Liabilities Noncurrent Liabilities Stockholders' Equity 2022 2021 2020 
 Equity companies are principally engaged in operations in the personal care and consumer tissue businesses. At December 31, 2022, our ownership interest in Kimberly-Clark de Mexico, S.A.B. de C.V. and subsidiaries ("KCM") was percent. KCM is partially owned by the public, and its stock is publicly traded in Mexico. At December 31, 2022, our investment in this equity company was , and the estimated fair value of the investment was billion based on the market price of publicly traded shares. Our other equity ownership interests are not significant to our consolidated balance sheet or financial results. 
 At December 31, 2022, undistributed net income of equity companies included in consolidated retained earnings was billion. 
 
 62 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Other Less allowance for doubtful accounts and sales discounts ) ) Total 
 Work in process Finished goods Supplies and other Excess of FIFO or weighted-average cost over LIFO cost ) ) ) ) Total 
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value, determined on the FIFO or weighted-average cost methods, and at the lower of cost or market, determined on the LIFO cost method. 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 Property, plant and equipment, net in the U.S. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 
 63 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Accrued salaries and wages Accrued rebates Accrued taxes - income and other Operating leases Accrued restructuring Accrued interest Derivative liabilities Other Total) ) Inventories ) ) ) Trade accounts payable Accrued expenses ) Accrued income taxes ) Derivatives ) Currency and other ) ) ) Total ) 
 
 Income taxes paid 
 
 64 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Kimberly-Clark Corporation: 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kimberly-Clark Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Corporation") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Table of Contents at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 9, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Sales Incentives and Trade Promotion Allowances Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Corporation utilizes various trade promotion programs globally. The cost of promotion activities is classified as a reduction in sales revenue and can result in a period of time between the date the customer earns a promotion and the date the customer claims the promotion. The Corporation records an accrual for estimated promotions using customer sales associated with valid promotion events, actual promotion claims, and forecasted information of amounts earned by the customer but not yet claimed. As of December 31, 2022, the accrual balance was approximately 426 million. 
 We identified trade promotions and the related accrual as a critical audit matter because of the complexity and volume of the Corporation s processes related to trade promotion programs and the subjectivity of estimating future customer claims. This required an extensive audit effort due to the complexity and volume of the trade promotion programs and information systems utilized globally as well as the subjectivity of estimating future customer claims related to the trade promotion accrual. 
 
 65 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the reduction in revenue associated with trade promotions and the related accrual included the following, among others: 
 With the assistance of our IT specialists, we: 
 - Identified the significant systems used to process trade promotion transactions and tested the general IT controls over each of these systems, including testing of user access controls, change management controls, and IT operations controls 
 - Tested the effectiveness of automated controls over revenue streams, including those over the evaluation of the accuracy and completeness of trade promotions 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the trade promotions and the related accrual, including those over the quantity of customer sales associated with valid promotion events and the estimated future promotion claims associated with the trade accrual. 
 We evaluated trade promotion transactions using either analytical procedures or by evaluating individual transactions. When analytical procedures were performed, we developed an expectation for reduction in revenue associated with trade promotions based on the relationship with gross sales adjusted for changes in data, which consist of changes in product mix, sales margin, or inflation, and compared to the recorded amount. When individual promotion transactions were evaluated, we obtained evidence of the promotion agreement with the customer and the amounts of the promotions earned. 
 We evaluated management s ability to estimate future promotion claims by comparing actual promotion claims to management s historical estimates. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s estimate of future promotion claims by testing the underlying data related to (1) customer sales associated with valid promotion events, (2) actual promotion claims, and (3) forecasted information. 

/s/ D ELOITTE T OUCHE LLP 
 February 9, 2023 
 We have served as the Corporation s auditor since 1928. 

66 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)). Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting, including safeguarding of assets against unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition. This system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and our Board of Directors regarding preparation of reliable published financial statements and safeguarding of our assets. This system is supported with written policies and procedures, contains self-monitoring mechanisms and is audited by the internal audit function. Appropriate actions are taken by management to correct deficiencies as they are identified. All internal control systems have inherent limitations, including the possibility of circumvention and overriding of controls, and, therefore, can provide only reasonable assurance as to the reliability of financial statement preparation and such asset safeguarding. 
 We have assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and has expressed an unqualified opinion in their report, which appears in this report. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation described above in "Internal Control Over Financial Reporting" that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Kimberly-Clark Corporation: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Kimberly-Clark Corporation and subsidiaries (the Corporation as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Corporation and our report dated February 9, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Corporation s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect 
 
 67 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ D ELOITTE T OUCHE LLP 
 Deloitte Touche LLP Dallas, Texas February 9, 2023 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 

68 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The following sections of our 2023 Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "2023 Proxy Statement") are incorporated in this Item 10 by reference: 
 "The Nominees" under "Proposal 1. Election of Directors," which identifies our directors and nominees for our Board of Directors. 
 "Corporate Governance - Other Corporate Governance Policies and Practices - Code of Conduct," which describes our Code of Conduct. 
 "Corporate Governance - Stockholder Rights," "Proposal 1. Election of Directors," "Other Information - Stockholder Director Nominees for Inclusion in Next Year's Proxy Statement," and "Other Information - Stockholder Director Nominees Not Included in Next Year's Proxy Statement," which describe the procedures by which stockholders may nominate candidates for election to our Board of Directors. 
 "Corporate Governance - Board Committees - Audit Committee," which identifies members of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors and audit committee financial experts. 
 Information regarding our executive officers is reported under the caption "Information About Our Executive Officers" in Part I of this Report. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information in the sections of our 2023 Proxy Statement captioned "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Compensation Tables," "Director Compensation," "Corporate Governance - Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation," "Other Information - CEO Pay Ratio Disclosure" and "Other Information - Pay Versus Performance" is incorporated in this Item 11 by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information in the sections of our 2023 Proxy Statement captioned "Compensation Tables - Equity Compensation Plan Information" and "Other Information - Security Ownership Information" is incorporated in this Item 12 by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information in the sections of our 2023 Proxy Statement captioned "Other Information - Transactions with Related Persons" and "Corporate Governance - Director Independence" is incorporated in this Item 13 by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES (Deloitte Touche LLP, PCAOB ID 
 The information in the sections of our 2023 Proxy Statement captioned "Principal Accounting Firm Fees" and "Audit Committee Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services" under "Proposal 2. Ratification of Auditor" is incorporated in this Item 14 by reference. 

69 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report. 
 1. Financial statements. 
 The financial statements are set forth under Item 8 of this report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial statement schedules. 
 The following information is filed as part of this Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements contained in Item 8: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Schedule for Kimberly-Clark Corporation and Subsidiaries: 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 All other schedules have been omitted because they were not applicable or because the required information has been included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. (3)a. Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated April 29, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (3)a of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2021. 
 
 Exhibit No. (3)b. By-Laws, as amended April 29, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (3)b of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2021. 
 
 Exhibit No. (4)a. First Amended and Restated Indenture dated as of March 1, 1988 between the Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor in interest to The First National Bank of Chicago) as Trustee (originally executed with Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on February 2, 1998 (Registration No. 333-45399)). 
 
 Exhibit No. (4)b. First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 6, 1992, to the Indenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on June 17, 1994 (Registration No. 33-54177)). 
 
 Exhibit No. (4)c. Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 25, 1994, to the Indenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on June 17, 1994 (Registration No. 33-54177)). 
 
 Exhibit No. (4)d. Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2021, to the Indenture, among the Corporation, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2021 
 
 Exhibit No. (4)e. Copies of instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission on request. 
 
 Exhibit No. (4)f. Description of the Corporation's Common Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (4)f of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Exhibit No. (4)g Description of the Corporation s 0.625 Notes due 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (4)f of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

70 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Exhibit No. (10)a. Management Achievement Award Program, as amended and restated January 1, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10)a of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)b. Form of Executive Severance Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)b of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2020. 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)c. Seventh Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, effective January 1, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)c of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008. 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)d. Kimberly-Cl ark Corporation Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 d of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 15, 2022. 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)e. First Amendment to the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Voluntar y Deferred Compensation Plan , effective January 1, 2023, filed herewith 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)f. Summary of Kimberly-Clark Corporation Executive Long-Term Disability Plan, incorporat ed by reference to Exhibit (10) g of the Corporation ' s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022. 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)g. Outside Directors' Stock Compensation Plan, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10(g) of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002. 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)h. Supplemental Benefit Plan to the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Pension Plan, as amended and restated effective April 17, 2009, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)h of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)i. Second Supplemental Benefit Plan to the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Pension Plan, as amended and restated, effective April 17, 2009, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)i of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)j. Kimberly-Clark Corporation Supplemental Re tirement 401(k) and Profit Shar ing Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2023, filed herewith 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)k. 2021 Outside Directors' Compensation Plan effective April 29, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)k of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2021. 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)l. 2011 Outside Directors' Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, effective May 4, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)l of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)m. 2011 Equity Participation Plan, as amended and restated, effective April 21, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2011. 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)n. Form of Award Agreements under 2021 Equity Participation Plan for Nonqualified Stock Options, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)n of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 202 2 . 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)o. 2021 Equity Participation Plan effective April 29, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)o of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2021. 

71 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

Exhibit No. (10)p. Severance Pay Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 202 3, filed herewith. 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)q. Form of Award Agreements under 2021 Equity Participation Plan for Performance Restricted Stock Units, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)q of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 202 2 . 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)r. Form of Award Agreements under 2021 Equity Participation Plan for Off-Cycle Time-Vested Restricted Stock Units, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)r of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 202 2 . 
 
 Exhibit No. (10)s. First Amendment to 2011 Equity Participation Plan, effective February 12, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)s of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 
 Exhibit No. (21). Subsidiaries of the Corporation, filed herewith. 
 
 Exhibit No. (23). Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, filed herewith. 
 
 Exhibit No. (24). Powers of Attorney, filed herewith. 
 
 Exhibit No. (31)a. Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), filed herewith. 
 
 Exhibit No. (31)b. Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), filed herewith. 
 
 Exhibit No. (32)a. Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, furnished herewith. 
 
 Exhibit No. (32)b. Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, furnished herewith. 
 
 Exhibit No. (101).INS XBRL Instance Document - the instant document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 Exhibit No. (101).SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 Exhibit No. (101).CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 Exhibit No. (101).DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 Exhibit No. (101).LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 Exhibit No. (101).PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 Exhibit No. 104 The cover page from this Current Report on Form 10-K formatted as Inline XBRL 
 A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be identified pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 72 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION February 9, 2023 By: /s/ Andrew S. Drexler Andrew S. Drexler Vice President and Controller 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 /s/ Michael D. Hsu Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) February 9, 2023 Michael D. Hsu 
 /s/ Nelson Urdaneta Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) February 9, 2023 Nelson Urdaneta 
 /s/ Andrew S. Drexler Vice President and Controller (principal accounting officer) February 9, 2023 Andrew S. Drexler 

Directors Sylvia M. Burwell Sherilyn S. McCoy John W. Culver Christa S. Quarles Robert W. Decherd Jaime A. Ramirez Mae C. Jemison Dunia A. Shive S. Todd Maclin Mark T. Smucker Deirdre A. Mahlan Michael D. White 

By: /s/ Andrew S. Drexler 
 February 9, 2023 Andrew S. Drexler Attorney-in-Fact 

73 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

) (b) 
 Allowances for sales discounts ) (c) 
 December 31, 2021 Allowances deducted from assets to which they apply 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts ) (b) 
 Allowances for sales discounts ) (c) 
 December 31, 2020 Allowances deducted from assets to which they apply 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts (b) 
 Allowances for sales discounts ) (c) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 Additions Description Balance at Beginning of Period Charged to Costs and Expenses Charged to Other Accounts Deductions (a) 
 Balance at End of Period December 31, 2022 Deferred taxes Valuation allowance December 31, 2021 Deferred taxes Valuation allowance December 31, 2020 Deferred taxes Valuation allowance ) 
 (a) 

74 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2022 Annual Report 

<EX-10.(E)>
 2
 kmb2022ex10e-firstamendmen.htm
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE VOLUNTARY DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

Document 

Exhibit 10(e) 
 AUTHORIZATION 
 BY 
 THE CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES OFFICER OF 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION 

I, Sandra R. Karrmann, Chief Human Resources Officer of Kimberly-Clark Corporation Corporation ), pursuant to the authority granted to my position under Article 10 of the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan, do hereby give my written consent to the adoption of the following preamble and resolutions 
 
 1st Amendment to the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 WHEREAS the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan will be amended as follows 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT 
 
 RESOLVED, that Section 8.2 of the Plan is hereby amended to conform the Plan's beneficiary designation procedures with those under the Corporation's Supplemental Retirement 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan by clarifying that (i) a married participant must designate his or her spouse as the beneficiary unless such spouse consents in writing to the designation of another beneficiary, (ii) the default beneficiary of a married participant shall be the spouse and (iii) a Participant's divorce decree will not revoke an existing beneficiary designation, to read as amended in Exhibit A Amendment and 
 
 RESOLVED, that the above Amendment is effective January 1, 2023, and shall be known as the 1st Amendment to the Plan. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Chief Human Resources Officer has signed this Authorization on the date below. 

APPROVED December 16, 2022 By s Sandra R. Karrmann Sandra R. Karrmann Chief Human Resource Officer 

Exhibit A 
 1 st Amendment to the 
 Kimberly- Clark Corporation Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan 

8.2 DEATH 
 
 The Plan Sponsor may elect to accelerate distributions upon death in accordance with Section 6.01(b) or Section 6.01(d) of the Adoption Agreement. If the Plan Sponsor does not elect to accelerate distributions upon death in accordance with Section 6.01(b) or Section 6.01(d) of the Adoption Agreement, the vested amount credited to the Participant s Account will be paid in accordance with the provisions of Article 9. 
 
 A Participant may designate a Beneficiary or Beneficiaries or change any prior designation of Beneficiary or Beneficiaries in accordance with rules and procedures established by the Administrator. Whenever a Participant designates a new Beneficiary, all former Beneficiary designations by such Participant shall be revoked automatically. If a married Participant designates a Beneficiary other than his or her spouse at the time of such designation, such designation shall not be effective (and the Participant s spouse shall be the Beneficiary) unless 
 
 (1) the spouse consents in writing to such designation 
 
 (2) the spouse s consent acknowledges the effect of such designation, which consent shall be irrevocable and 
 
 (3) the spouse executes the consent in the presence of either a Plan representative designated by the Administrator or a notary public. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, such consent shall not be required if the Participant establishes to the satisfaction of the Administrator that such consent cannot be obtained because (i) there is no spouse (ii) the spouse cannot be located after reasonable efforts have been made or (iii) other circumstances exist to excuse spousal consent as determined by the Administrator. 
 
 A copy of the death notice or other sufficient documentation must be filed with and approved by the Administrator. If upon the death of the Participant there is, in the opinion of the Administrator, no designated Beneficiary for part or all of the Participant s vested Account, such amount will be paid to the spouse of the Participant, or if no spouse is then living, the representatives of the Participant's estate (such estate shall be deemed to be the Beneficiary for purposes of the Plan) in accordance with the provisions of Article 9. 

</EX-10.(E)>

<EX-10.(J)>
 3
 kmb2022ex10j-supplementalr.htm
 SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT 401(K) AN PROFIT SHARING PLAN

Document 

Exhibit 10(j) 
 
 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION 
 SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT 401(k) AND PROFIT SHARING PLAN 
 
 Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2023 
 
 In recognition of the valuable services provided to Kimberly-Clark Corporation (the Corporation ), and its subsidiaries, by its employees, the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board wishes to provide additional retirement benefits to those individuals whose benefits under the Kimberly-Clark Corporation 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan (the 401(k) & PSP are restricted by the operation of the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. It is the intent of the Corporation to provide these benefits under the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. This Program is intended to be a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan which is unfunded and maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees of the Corporation, pursuant to Sections 201, 301 and 401 of ERISA and, as such, exempt from the provisions of Parts II, III and IV of Title I of ERISA. 
 
 ARTICLE 1 
 
 Definitions 
 
 Each term which is used in this Program and also used in the 401(k) & PSP shall have the same meaning herein as the 401(k) & PSP. 
 
 Notwithstanding the above, for purposes of this Program, where the following words and phrases appear in this Program they shall have the respective meanings set forth below unless the context clearly indicates otherwise 
 
 1.1 Beneficiary means the person or persons who under this Program becomes entitled to receive a Participant s interest in the event of the Participant s death. The Beneficiary need not be the same as the beneficiary under the 401(k) & PSP. 
 
 1.2 A Change of Control of the Corporation shall be deemed to have taken place if (i) a third person, including a group as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, acquires shares of the Corporation having 20 or more of the total number of votes that may be cast for the election of Directors of the Corporation or (ii) as the result of any cash tender or exchange offer, merger or other business combination, sale of assets or contested election, or any combination of the foregoing transactions (a Transaction ), the persons who were directors of the Corporation before the Transaction shall cease to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or any successor to the Corporation. 
 
 1.3 Code means the Internal Revenue Code for 1986, as amended and any lawful regulations or other pronouncements promulgated thereunder. 
 
 1.4 Committee means the Benefits Administration Committee named under the Kimberly-Clark Corporation 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan. 
 
 1.5 Earnings has the same meaning as Eligible Earnings as defined under Section 2.1 of the 401(k) & PSP provided, however that the limitations on Earnings provided for pursuant to Code Sections 401(a)(17) shall not apply under this Program. 
 
 1.6 Effective Date means January 1, 1997. 
 
 1.7 Grandfathered Benefit means the vested amount of the Participant s Individual Account as of December 31, 2004, including earnings on such amount thereafter. Such amount shall be determined in accordance with Code Section 409A and any guidance promulgated thereunder. 

1.8 Individual Account means the account established pursuant to Section 3. 
 
 1.9 Investment Funds means the phantom investment funds established under this Program which will accrue earnings as if the Participant s Individual Account held actual assets which were invested in the appropriate Investment Fund as defined under the 401(k) & PSP. 
 
 1.10 Participant means any Employee who satisfies the eligibility requirements set forth in Section 2. In the event of the death or incompetency of a Participant, the term shall mean the Participant s personal representative or guardian. 
 
 1.11 Program means the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Supplemental Retirement 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan as set forth herein and as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 
 1.12 Retirement Contribution means the unfunded amounts credited to the Participant s Individual Account. 
 
 1.13 Retirement Date means the date of Termination of Service of the Participant on or after he attains age 55 and has 5 Years of Service with the Corporation. 
 
 1.14 401(k) & PSP means the Kimberly-Clark Corporation 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 1.15 (a) Termination of Service with respect to a Grandfathered Benefit under this Program means the Participant s cessation of his service with the Corporation for any reason whatsoever, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, including by reasons of retirement or death. 
 
 (b) Termination of Service with respect to any amount that is not a Grandfathered Benefit under this Program means Separation from Service with the Corporation or a Subsidiary. A Separation from Service will be deemed to have occurred if the Participant s services with the Corporation or a Subsidiary is reduced to an annual rate that is 20 percent or less of the services rendered, on average, during the immediately preceding three years of employment (or if employed less than three years, such lesser period). Subsidiary for this subsection means any domestic or foreign corporation at least twenty percent (20 of whose shares normally entitled to vote in electing directors is owned directly or indirectly by the Corporation or by other Subsidiaries, provided, however, that at least fifty percent (50 shall replace at least twenty percent (20 where there is not a legitimate business criteria for using such lower percentage. 

ARTICLE 2 
 
 Eligibility 
 
 2.1 Any Employee who is a Participant in the 401(k) & PSP on or after January 1, 2023, and whose Earnings are not fully taken into account under the 401(k) & PSP due to the application of the rules, or regulations, of Code Section 401(a)(17) or as a result of making deferrals under the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan shall participate in this Program provided, however, that no Employee shall become a Participant in this Program unless such Employee is a member of a select group of management or highly compensated Employees of the Corporation so that the Program is maintained as a plan described in Section 201(2) of ERISA. 
 
 2.2 Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of Article 2 to the contrary, any Participant in the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Retirement Contribution Excess Benefit Program (the RCP Excess Program shall, as of the January 1, 2010, continue to have the amount credited to the Participant s Individual Account under the RCP Excess Program credited under this successor Program. 
 
 ARTICLE 3 
 
 Individual Account 
 
 3.1 The Corporation shall create and maintain an unfunded Individual Account under the Program for each Participant to which it shall credit the amounts described in this Article 3. Participants entitled to participate in this Program pursuant to Section 2.1 shall receive Retirement Contributions under the Program in an amount equal to (i) the Profit Sharing Contributions that would have been contributed for such Participant under the 401(k) & PSP for a calendar year without regard to the limitations on benefits or Eligible Earnings imposed by Sections 401(a)(17), 401(a)(4) and 415 of the Code and by treating amounts deferred by such Participant under the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan which would have otherwise been payable with respect to such year as though they were Eligible Earnings recognized under the 401(k) & PSP during such year, less the amount actually contributed as a Profit Sharing Contribution for such year for such Participant under the 401(k) & PSP, plus (ii) an amount determined by multiplying the amount of a Participant's Eligible Earnings for the year which were not recognized under the 401(k) & PSP during such year as the result of the application of the limits of Section 401(a)(17) of the Code or as a result of amounts deferred by such Participant under the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan by the percentage of Eligible Earnings used to determine the maximum permissible Company Match Safe Harbor Contribution under the 401(k) & PSP for such year. In order to be credited with a Retirement Contribution for a calendar year, a Participant must be employed by the Corporation or one of its subsidiaries which is also an adopting employer of the 401(k) & PSP on the last day of such calendar year. 
 
 3.2 For the period prior to July 1, 1997, as of the last day of each calendar month, the Corporation shall credit each Participant s Individual Account with deemed interest with respect to the then balance of the Participant s Individual Account equal to 1 plus the rate shown for U.S. Treasury Notes with a remaining maturity closest to, but not exceeded, 7 years, in the representative mid-afternoon over the counter quotations supplied by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York City, based on transactions of 1 million or more, as reported in The Wall Street Journal published on the last business day of each calendar month provided, however, the Committee may change this crediting rating at any time for deemed interest not yet credited to an Individual Account. 
 
 3.3 After June 30, 1997 and prior to June 29, 2000, each Participant s Retirement Contributions under this Program shall be considered allocated to the Investment Funds in the same proportion as the Participant has elected under the RCP pursuant to Section 6.1 thereof. Effective June 29, 2000, each Participant's Retirement Contributions under this Program shall be considered allocated to the Investment Funds according to the Participant s elections under this Program, independent of the Participant's elections under the 401(k) & PSP (or prior to January 1, 2010 the RCP), provided that (i) such Participant s elections under this Program shall be made in the same or similar manner prescribed by the Committee for the 401(k) & PSP, and (ii) such Participant s elections under the RCP as of June 29, 2000 shall be carried over to this Program until such time as the Participant changes them hereunder. 

On or after January 1, 2008 and prior to January 1, 2010, a Participant may not allocate initial Retirement Contributions to the K-C Stock Fund, except as a transfer or reallocation under Section 7.3 of the RCP. 
 
 3.4 After June 30, 1997 and prior to June 29, 2000, reallocations between Investment Funds shall be considered made at the same time, in the same proportionate amount, and to and from the same Investment Funds under this Program as those made by the Participant under Section 6.3 of the RCP provided, however, that if such Participant has no account balance under the RCP, the Participant may make separate reallocation elections hereunder in a manner prescribed by the Committee. Effective June 29, 2000, reallocations between Investment Funds shall be considered made according to the Participant s elections under this Program, independent of the Participant s elections under the 401(k) & PSP, provided that (i) such Participant s elections under this Program shall be made in the same or similar manner prescribed by the Committee for the 401(k) & PSP, and (ii) such Participant s elections under the RCP as of June 29, 2000 shall be carried over to this Program until such time as the Participant changes them hereunder. 
 
 3.5 After June 30, 1997 and before June 29, 2000, the Corporation shall credit each Participant s Individual Account with earnings, gains and losses as if such accounts held actual assets and such assets were invested among such Investment Funds, in the same proportion as the Participant has invested in the RCP provided, however, that if such Participant has no account balance under the RCP, the Participant may make separate investment elections hereunder in the manner prescribed by the Committee. Effective June 29, 2000, the Corporation shall credit each Participant's Individual Account with earnings, gains and losses as if such accounts were invested among the Investment Funds according to the Participant s elections under this Program, independent of the Participant s elections under the 401(k) & PSP (or prior to January 1, 2010 the RCP), provided that (i) such Participant s elections under this Program shall be made in the same or similar manner prescribed by the Committee for the 401(k) & PSP (or prior to January 1, 2010 the RCP), and (ii) such Participant s elections under the RCP as of June 29, 2000 shall be carried over to this Program until such time as the Participant changes them hereunder. 
 
 3.6 Notwithstanding any other provision of the RCP Excess Program, no additional Retirement Contributions shall be credited to the Individual Account of a Participant under the RCP Excess Program with respect to plan years after December 31, 2009. Although no additional Retirement Contributions shall be credited to the Individual Account of a Participant under the RCP Excess Program with respect to plan years after December 31, 2009, the Corporation shall continue to credit each Participant's Individual Account with earnings, gains and losses as if such accounts were invested among the Investment Funds according to the Participant s elections under this Program. No additional Participants will be eligible to participate or to accrue a benefit under the RCP Excess Program after December 31, 2009. 
 
 3.7 Administrative Mistake Investments . If a Participant s change in investment directive or election for redistribution of investments is advertently overlooked and discovery of such oversight is made within thirty (30) days after the date the Participant receives his next quarterly statement, the change or redistribution will be made as soon as administratively feasible and the Participant s Accounts will be retroactively changed or redistributed and treated in the same manner as though his directive to change or redistribute had not been overlooked. If discovery of such oversight is made more than thirty (30) days after the date the Participant receives his next quarterly statement, no retroactive correction will be made in the Participant s Accounts. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 
 
 Distributions of Benefit Supplement 
 
 4.1 Retirement Benefit . Subject to Section 4.5 below, upon a Participant s Retirement Date, he shall be entitled to receive the amount of his Individual Account. The form of benefit payment, and the time of commencement of such benefit, shall be as provided in Section 4.4. 
 
 4.2 Termination Benefit . Upon the Termination of Service of a Participant prior to his Retirement Date, for reasons other than death, the Corporation shall pay to the Participant, a benefit equal to his Individual Account. 

Unless otherwise directed by the Committee, the termination benefit shall be payable in a lump sum as set forth in Section 4.9 following the Participant s Termination of Service. Upon payment following a Termination of Service, the Participant shall immediately cease to be eligible for any other benefit provided under this Program. 
 
 4.3 Death Benefits . Upon the death of a Participant or a retired Participant, the Beneficiary of such Participant shall receive the Participant s remaining Individual Account. Payment of a Participant s remaining Individual Account shall be made in accordance with Section 4.4. 
 
 4.4 Form of Benefit Payment . Upon the happening of an event described in Sections 4.1, 4.2 or 4.3, the Corporation shall pay to the Participant the amount specified therein in a lump sum. 
 
 4.5 Limitations on the Annual Amount Paid to a Participant . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Program to the contrary, in the event that a portion of the payments due a Participant pursuant to Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 or 4.4 would not be deductible by the Corporation pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code, the Corporation, (a) with respect to the portion of the payment that is a Grandfathered Benefit, at its discretion, may postpone payment of such amounts to the Participant until such time that the payments would be deductible by the Corporation and (b) with respect to the portion of the payment that is not a Grandfathered Benefit, shall postpone payment of such amounts to the Participant until such time that the payments would be deductible by the Corporation. Provided, however, that no payment postponed pursuant to this Section 4.5 shall be postponed beyond the first anniversary of such Participant s Termination of Service. 
 
 4.6 Change of Control and Lump Sum Payments 
 
 (a) If there is a Change of Control, notwithstanding any other provision of this Program, any Participant who has a Grandfathered Benefit hereunder may, at any time during a twenty-four (24) month period immediately following a Change of Control, elect to receive an immediate lump sum payment of the balance of his Grandfathered Benefit, reduced by a penalty equal to ten percent (10 of the Participant s Grandfathered Benefit as of the last business day of the month preceding the date of the election. The ten percent (10 penalty shall be permanently forfeited and shall not be paid to, or in respect of, the Participant. 
 
 (b) If there is a Change of Control, notwithstanding any other provision of this Program, any retired Participant, or Beneficiary, who has a Grandfathered Benefit hereunder may, at any time during a twenty-four (24) month period immediately following a Change of Control, elect to receive an immediate lump sum payment of the balance of his Grandfathered Benefit, reduced by a penalty equal to five percent (5 of the Participant s Grandfathered Benefit as of the last business day of the month preceding the date of the election. The five percent (5 penalty of the retired Participant s or Beneficiary s Grandfathered Benefit shall be permanently forfeited and shall not be paid to, or in respect of, the retired Participant or Beneficiary. 
 
 (c) In the event no such request is made by a Participant, a retired Participant or Beneficiary, the Program shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 4.7 Change in Credit Rating and Lump Sum Payments. In the event the Corporation s financial rating falls below Investment Grade, a Participant, retired Participant, or Beneficiary may at any time during a six (6) month period following the reduction in the Corporation s financial rating, elect to receive an immediate lump sum payment of the balance of his Grandfathered Benefit reduced by a penalty equal to ten percent (10 of the Participant s Grandfathered Benefit or five percent (5 of the retired Participant s or Beneficiary s Grandfathered Benefit as of the last business day of the month preceding the election. The penalties accrued hereunder shall be permanently forfeited and shall not be paid to, or in respect of, the Participant, retired Participant or Beneficiary. 
 
 In the event no such request is made by a Participant, retired Participant or Beneficiary, the Program shall remain in full force and effect. 

4.8 Tax Withholding . To the extent required by law, the Corporation shall withhold any taxes required to be withheld by any Federal, State or local government. 
 
 4.9 Commencement of Payments . Unless otherwise provided, commencement of payments under Section 4.6 or 4.7 of this Program shall be as soon as administratively feasible on or after the last business day of the month following receipt of notice and approval by the Committee of an event which entitles a Participant or a Beneficiary to payments under this Program. Unless otherwise provided, commencement of payments of a Grandfathered Benefit under Section 4.1, 4.2 or 4.3 of this Program shall be payable in the first calendar quarter of the year following the Plan year in which the Participant terminates employment from the Corporation for any reason provided, however, that such a termination shall not be deemed to occur until immediately following the receipt of all payments due to the Employee under the Scott Paper Company Termination Pay Plan for Salaried Employees. Unless otherwise provided, commencement of payments of the portion of a Participant s Individual Account which is not a Grandfathered Benefit, under Section 4.1, 4.2 or 4.3 of this Program shall be paid as of the later of (i) March 14 of the year following the Plan year of the Participant s Separation from Service from the Corporation for any reason, or (ii) the date which is six months following the Participant s Separation from Service from the Corporation for any reason (or, if earlier the date of death of the Participant). 
 
 4.10 Recipients of Payments Designation of Beneficiary . All payments to be made by the Corporation under the Program shall be made to the Participant during his lifetime, provided that if the Participant dies prior to the completion of such payments, then all subsequent payments under the Program shall be made by the Corporation to the Beneficiary determined in accordance with this Section. The Participant may designate a Beneficiary by filing a written notice of such designation with the Committee in such form as the Committee requires and may include contingent Beneficiaries. The Participant may from time-to-time change the designated Beneficiary by filing a new designation in writing with the Committee. If a married Participant designates a Beneficiary or Beneficiaries other than his spouse at the time of such designation, such designation shall not be effective (and the Participant s spouse shall be the Beneficiary) unless 
 
 (a) the spouse consents in writing to such designation 
 
 (b) the spouse s consent acknowledges the effect of such designation, which consent shall be irrevocable and 
 
 (c) the spouse executes the consent in the presence of either a Plan representative designated by the Committee or a notary public. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, such consent shall not be required if the Participant establishes to the satisfaction of the Committee that such consent cannot be obtained because (i) there is no spouse (ii) the spouse cannot be located after reasonable efforts have been made or (iii) other circumstances exist to excuse spousal consent as determined by the Committee. If no designation is in effect at the time when any benefits payable under this Plan shall become due, the Beneficiary shall be the spouse of the Participant, or if no spouse is then living, the representatives of the Participant s estate. 
 
 ARTICLE 5 
 
 Vesting 
 
 5.1 The balance of a Participant s Individual Account shall be 100 vested at the same time as if the amounts had been credited to the Participant s Account under the 401(k) & PSP. 
 
 5.2 K-C Aviation Benefit . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Program, a Participant shall be fully vested in his Individual Account as of the date on which he ceases to be an Eligible Employee under the Program, if such Participant meets all of the following conditions 

(a.) immediately prior to the Closing Date, as defined in the Agreement of Purchase and Sale dated as of July 23, 1998 by and between the Corporation and Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (the Agreement ), he must have been an Employee employed by the Corporation or K-C Aviation Inc. and 
 
 (b.) as of the Closing Date, as defined in the Agreement, he must have ceased to be an Eligible Employee solely on account of the sale of the stock of K-C Aviation Inc. pursuant to the Agreement, and he must either (i) be employed by the Buyer, as defined in the Agreement, immediately after he ceases to be an Eligible Employee hereunder, or (ii) have been on a long-term disability leave of absence from K-C Aviation Inc. as of the Closing Date, as defined in the Agreement. 

ARTICLE 6 
 
 Funding 
 
 6.1 The Board may, but shall not be required to, authorize the establishment of a trust by the Corporation to serve as the funding vehicle for the benefits described herein. In any event, the Corporation s obligations hereunder shall constitute a general, unsecured obligation, payable solely out of its general assets, and no Participant shall have any right to any specific assets of the Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE 7 
 
 Administration 
 
 7.1 The Committee shall administer this Program and shall have the same powers and duties, and shall be subject to the same limitations as are set forth in the 401(k) & PSP. 
 
 ARTICLE 8 
 
 Amendment and Termination 
 
 8.1 The Corporation, by action of the Board, or a Committee of the Board, shall have the right at any time to amend this Program in any respect, or to terminate this Program provided, however, that no such amendment or termination shall operate to reduce the benefit that has accrued for any Participant who is participating in the Program nor the payment due to a terminated Participant at the time the amendment or termination is adopted. Continuance of the Program is completely voluntary and is not assumed as a contractual obligation of the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Program shall terminate when the 401(k) & PSP terminates. 
 
 Any action permitted to be taken by the Board, or a Committee of the Board, under the foregoing provision regarding the modification, alteration or amendment of the Program may be taken by the Chief Human Resources Officer of the Corporation, if such action 
 
 (a) is required by law, or 
 
 (b) is estimated not to increase the annual cost of the Program by more than 5,000,000 or 
 
 (c) is estimated not to increase the annual cost of the Program by more than 25,000, provided such action is approved and duly executed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. 

Any action taken by the Board, a Committee of the Board, or Chief Human Resources Officer shall be made by or pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board, a Committee of the Board, or Chief Human Resources Officer and shall be evidenced by such resolution or by a written instrument executed by such persons as the Board, a Committee of the Board, or Chief Human Resources Officer shall authorize for such purpose. 
 
 Any action which is required or permitted to be taken by the Board under the provisions of this Plan may be taken by the Management and Development Compensation Committee of the Board or any other duly authorized committee of the Board designated under the By-Laws of the Corporation. 
 
 The Board, the Management and Development Compensation Committee of the Board or any duly authorized committee of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Human Resources Officer may authorize persons to carry out its policies and directives subject to the limitations and guidelines set by it, and may delegate its authority under the Plan. 

The Chief Human Resources Officer shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation before January 31 of each year all action taken by such position hereunder during the preceding calendar year. 
 
 The Chief Executive Officer shall report to the Board before January 31 of each year all action taken by such position hereunder during the preceding calendar year. 
 
 ARTICLE 9 Miscellaneous 
 
 9.1 Nothing contained herein (a) shall be deemed to exclude a Participant from any compensation, bonus, pension, insurance, termination pay or other benefit to which he otherwise is or might become entitled to as an Employee or (b) shall be construed as conferring upon an Employee the right to continue in the employ of the Corporation as an executive or in any other capacity provided, however, that if, at the time payments are to be made hereunder, the Participant or the Beneficiary are indebted or obligated to the Corporation, then the payments remaining to be made to the Participant or the Beneficiary may, at the discretion of the Corporation, be reduced by the amount of such indebtedness or obligation, provided, however, that an election by the Corporation not to reduce any such payment or payments shall not constitute a waiver of its claim for such indebtedness or obligation. 
 
 9.2 Any amounts payable by the Corporation hereunder shall not be deemed salary or other compensation to a Participant for the purposes of computing benefits to which the Participant may be entitled under any other arrangement established by the Corporation for the benefit of its Employees. 
 
 9.3 The rights and obligations created hereunder shall be binding on a Participant s heirs, executors and administrators and on the successors and assigns of the Corporation. 
 
 9.4 The Program shall be construed and governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin. 
 
 9.5 The rights of any Participant under this Program are personal and may not be assigned, transferred, pledged or encumbered. Any attempt to do so shall be void. 
 
 9.6 Neither the Corporation, its Employees, agents, any member of the Board, the Plan Administrator nor the Committee shall be responsible or liable in any manner to any Participant, Beneficiary, or any person claiming through them for any benefit or action taken or omitted in connection with the granting of benefits, the continuation of benefits or the interpretation and administration of this Program. 
 
 9.7 An application or claim for a benefit under the 401(k) & PSP shall constitute a claim for a benefit under this Program. 
 
 9.8 The Corporation is the plan sponsor. All actions shall be taken by the Corporation in its sole discretion, not as a fiduciary, and need not be applied uniformly to similarly situated individuals. 

</EX-10.(J)>

<EX-10.(P)>
 4
 kmb2022ex10p-38thamendedan.htm
 38TH AMENDED AND RESTATED SEVERANCE PAY PLAN

Document 

Exhibit 10(p) 

KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION 
 SEVERANCE PAY PLAN 

Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE TITLE I NAME, PURPOSE AND EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN II DEFINITIONS III ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION IV SEVERANCE BENEFITS V PLAN ADMINISTRATION VI LIMITATIONS AND LIABILITIES APPENDIX A - COVERED EMPLOYERS APPENDIX G - 2018 MOBILE FACILITY VOLUNTARY INCENTIVE SEPARATION PROGRAM APPENDIX H - 2019 FULLERTON MILL SEPARATION PROGRAM APPENDIX I - 2020 KIMBERLY-CLARK PROFESSIONAL GROUP REDUCTION IN FORCE PROGRAM APPENDIX J - 2021 POSITIONING KIMBERLY-CLARK NORTH AMERICA FOR GROWTH PROJECT 

ARTICLE I 
 
 NAME, PURPOSE AND EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN 

1.1 N ame of the Plan . Kimberly-Clark Corporation (the Corporation hereby establishes a severance pay plan for its Employees, to be known as the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Severance Pay Plan (the Plan as set forth in this document. The Plan is intended to qualify as an employee welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ). 
 
 1.2 Purpose of the Plan . The purpose of the Plan is to provide Eligible Employees a severance benefit in the event of involuntary termination of employment. The Plan is not intended as a replacement or substitution for any confidentiality or noncompete agreement between an Employee and Employer executed prior or subsequent to the effective date of the Plan. 
 
 1.3 Effective Date . The Plan is effective as of January 1, 1998 and is amended and restated to apply to involuntary Separations from Service after January 1, 2023. 

ARTICLE II 
 
 DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 

2.1 Definitions . When the following words and phrases appear in this Plan, they shall have the respective meanings set forth below unless the context clearly indicates otherwise 
 
 (a) AIP The Annual Incentive Program or any successor plan. 
 
 (b) Board The Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
 
 (c) Cause Any termination of employment which is classified by the Employer as for cause, including but not limited to (i) unsatisfactory performance of duties or inability to meet the requirements of the position, unless classified by the Employer as a Performance Termination (ii) any habitual neglect of duty or misconduct of the Employee in discharging any of his duties and responsibilities (iii) excessive unexcused, or statutorily unprotected absenteeism or inattention to duties (iv) failure or refusal to comply with the provisions of the Employer s personnel manual or any other rule or policy of the Employer (v) misconduct, including but not limited to, engaging in conduct which the Committee reasonably determines to be detrimental to the Employer (vi) disloyal, dishonest or illegal conduct by the Employee (vii) theft, fraud, embezzlement or other criminal activity involving the Employee s relationship with the Employer (viii) violation of any applicable statute, regulation, or rule, or provision of any applicable code of professional ethics (ix) suspension, revocation, or other restriction of the Participant s professional license, if applicable or (x) the Employer s inability to confirm, to its sole satisfaction, the references and or credentials which the Participant provided with respect to any professional license, educational background and employment history. 
 
 (d) COBRA Medical continuation coverage elected under the provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985. Participants shall be eligible to receive medical continuation coverage under COBRA for the number of months provided under Article IV without payment of the applicable premium if the Participant is otherwise eligible for, and timely elects, COBRA medical continuation coverage. The Participant shall be responsible for any additional months of COBRA coverage elected beyond the months of COBRA provided by the Corporation under this Plan. The Participant may also enroll in other applicable COBRA coverage (e.g. dental and or the health care spending accounts) however, the Participant shall be responsible for and must pay the COBRA premium for such coverage. 
 
 (e) Code The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and as construed and interpreted by valid regulations or rulings issued thereunder. 
 
 (f) Committee The Benefits Administration Committee is appointed to administer and regulate the Plan as provided in Article V. 
 
 (g) Comparable Position A position offered to an employee will be considered a Comparable Position under this Plan unless the Committee determines in its sole discretion that any of the following apply (i) there is a material diminution in the Employee s Earnings on the date of such offer, (ii) a material change in the geographic location at which the Employee must perform the services, (iii) the position offered to the Employee is a material diminution of the Employee s authority, duties or responsibilities. The Employee must provide notice to the Corporation of the existence of any of the above conditions within a 

period not to exceed 90 days of the initial offer of the non-Comparable Position to the employee, upon the notice of which the Corporation must be provided a period of at least 30 days during which it may remedy the offer and not be required to pay the severance amount. The determination whether a position offered will be considered a Comparable Position under this Plan shall be in the Committee s sole discretion and the Committee shall have the power to promulgate Committee Rules and other guidelines in connection with this determination. Any such determination by the Committee whether a Participant is offered a Comparable Position shall be final and conclusive as to all Eligible Employees and other persons claiming rights under the Plan. 
 
 (h) Earnings The base salary of an Eligible Employee at his or her current stated hourly, weekly, monthly or annual rate on his Termination Date. If Eligible Employee is a full-time Employee, Earnings are the hourly pay rate (excluding shift differential) times 40 (hours). If Eligible Employee is an Employee who works less than 40 hours per week, Earnings are the hourly pay rate (excluding shift differential) times the Employee s regularly scheduled hours per week. Earnings do not include overtime pay, MAAP, bonus or other remuneration for all Eligible Employees. The calculation of a week of Earnings shall be made subject to any applicable Committee rule. 
 
 (i) Effective Date January 1, 1998, or with respect to a particular Subsidiary, such later date as of which the Committee deems such Subsidiary to be an Employer, or as set forth in Appendix A. The Plan is amended and restated to apply to involuntary Separations from Service after January 1, 2022. 
 
 (j) Eligible Employee An hourly Employee not covered by a collective bargaining unit, or salaried Employee, on the regular payroll of an Employer. For purposes of this subsection, on the regular payroll of an Employer shall mean paid through the payroll department of such Employer, and shall exclude employees classified by an Employer as intermittent or temporary, and persons classified by an Employer as independent contractors, regardless of how such employees may be classified by any federal, state, or local, domestic or foreign, governmental agency or instrumentality thereof, or court. 
 
 (k) Employee A person employed by an Employer. 
 
 (l) Employer The Corporation and each Subsidiary which the Committee shall from time to time designate as an Employer for purposes of the Plan. A list of Employers is set forth in Appendix A. 
 
 (m) ELT The Executive Leadership Team ELT consists of the Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers of the Corporation (within the meaning of Rule 3b-7 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended from time to time). 
 
 (n) MAAP The Management Achievement Award Program or any successor plan. 
 
 (o) MAAP Eligible Eligible Employees who as of their date of termination of employment meet the eligibility requirements to participate under MAAP. 
 
 (p) Participant An individual who has met the eligibility requirements to receive Severance Pay pursuant to Article III. 
 
 (q) Performance Termination Any termination of employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary which is classified by the Employer as for unsatisfactory performance of duties, or inability to meet the requirements of the position. The termination of employment will be classified as a Performance Termination if it is approved by the Employee s team leader, 

the supervisor of the team leader for the Employee and the applicable Human Resources Business Partner, and also meets one of the following criteria 
 
 (i.) the Employee failed to successfully improve his or her performance to an acceptable level following completion of a Performance Improvement Plan notwithstanding the Employee s previous or most recent performance rating or 

(ii.) the Employee s team leader has offered the Employee a choice of either entering into a Performance Improvement Plan or a Performance Termination, and the Employee has elected a Performance Termination rather than entering into a Performance Improvement Plan. 
 
 (r) Plan Year A twelve calendar month period beginning January 1 through December 31. 
 (s) Separation from Service . Termination of employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary. A Separation from Service will be deemed to have occurred if the Employee s services with the Corporation or a Subsidiary is reduced to an annual rate that is 20 percent or less of the services rendered, on average, during the immediately preceding three years of employment (or if employed less than three years, such lesser period). The Committee shall have the power to promulgate Committee Rules and other guidelines in connection with the determination of a Separation from Service and any such determination by the Committee shall be final and conclusive as to all Eligible Employees and other persons claiming rights under the Plan. 
 
 (t) Severance Pay Payment made to a Participant pursuant to Article IV hereof. 
 
 (u) SIP The United States Consumer Sales Incentive Plan or any successor plan. 
 
 (v) Subsidiary Any corporation, 50 or more of the voting shares of which are owned directly or indirectly by the Corporation, which is incorporated under the laws of one of the States of the United States. 
 
 (w) Target MAAP The target bonus amount established for the Participant, if any, under the MAAP, or any successor or additional plan, for the year in which the Participant s Separation from Service occurs (or for the prior year if a target bonus amount has not yet been established for the year in which the Participant s Separation from Service occurs). 
 
 (x) Termination Date The date of an Employee s Separation from Service. 
 
 (y) Years of Service An Employee shall be credited with a Year of Service for each year of service commencing with the Employee s vacation eligibility date as maintained by the payroll department of such Employer until the Employee s Termination Date, rounded to the nearest whole Year of Service. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, (i) an Employee s credited Years of Service shall be reduced to the extent such Years of Service have previously been used to calculate a prior severance payment to the Employee and (ii) any period during which the Employee is on notice of termination but is not actively working, including, without limitation, any notice period, period of pay in lieu of such notice or garden leave period required under applicable law shall not be counted towards the Employee s Years of Service unless expressly required by applicable legislation. 
 
 2.2 Construction Where appearing in the Plan the masculine shall include the feminine and the plural shall include the singular, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. The words hereof, herein, 

hereunder and other similar compounds of the word here shall mean and refer to the entire Plan and not to any particular Section or subsection. 

ARTICLE III 
 
 ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 

3.1 Participation . An Eligible Employee shall become a Participant on the later of the Effective Date or the first day actively employed by an Employer. 
 
 3.2 Eligibility . Each Participant whose employment is involuntarily terminated shall receive Severance Pay provided, however, that Severance Pay shall not be paid to any Participant who 
 
 (a) is terminated for Cause 
 
 (b) is terminated during a period in which such Participant is not actively at work (i.e. has been on leave) for more than 25 weeks, except to the extent otherwise required by law 
 
 (c) voluntarily quits or retires 
 
 (d) dies 
 
 (e) is offered a Comparable Position as defined in Section 3.5 below. 
 
 3.3 Duration . A Participant remains a Participant under the Plan until the earliest of 
 
 (a) the date the Participant is no longer an Eligible Employee 
 (b) the Participant s Termination Date or 
 (c) the date the Plan terminates. 
 
 3.4 Severance Agreement and Release . No Participant shall be entitled to receive Severance Pay hereunder unless such Participant executes a Separation Agreement and Full and Final Release of Claims (the Agreement ), in the form required by the Corporation, within the period specified for such individual therein and such Participant does not revoke such Agreement in writing within the 7-day period following the date on which it is executed. 
 
 3.5 Comparable Position . Severance Pay shall not be paid to any Employee whose employment is involuntarily terminated related to 
 
 (a) any separation or reorganization of the Corporation including, but not limited to, a sale, spin-off or shutdown of a portion of the Corporation, including but not limited to a portion of a mill or other location, if such Employee is offered a Comparable Position with the successor entity, 
 
 (b) the outsourcing of an Employee to a company other than an Employer, in which such Employee is offered or continues in a Comparable Position, or 
 
 (c) any elimination of a job function, or transfer of an Employee s position to another location, in which such Employee is offered a Comparable Position with the Corporation or a Subsidiary. 

ARTICLE IV 
 
 SEVERANCE BENEFITS 

4.1 Severance Pay . Whether any Severance Pay is payable under this Plan, or any increase or decrease in the amount of Severance Pay, shall be in the sole discretion of the Committee and as authorized pursuant to subsection 5.7 below. Any such increase or decrease in the amount of Severance Pay shall be final and conclusive as to all Eligible Employees and other persons claiming rights under the Plan. Subject to the exercise of such discretion, a Participant s Severance Pay shall be determined as follows 
 
 (a) Each individual who is eligible as provided in Article III above, shall receive, the Severance Pay, COBRA, outplacement assistance services and Employee Assistance Program services set forth below. 

Provision ELT Grades 
 1-4 and Non-ELT Elected Officers 
 Other 
 MAAP-Eligible 
 Salaried 
 Exempt 
 Salaried 
 Non-Exempt 
 Production 
 Non-Union 
 Severance -Termination on or after 12 months employment 2 x the sum of annual Earnings plus Target MAAP The sum of annual Earnings plus Target MAAP 2 weeks of Earnings per Year of Service (26 weeks Earnings minimum) 2 weeks of Earnings per Year of Service (12 weeks Earnings minimum) 1 week of Earnings per Year of Service (6 weeks Earnings minimum) 1 week of Earnings per Year of Service (6 weeks Earnings minimum) Severance Termination within first 12 months employment 3 months Earnings 3 months Earnings 3 months Earnings 3 months Earnings 6 weeks Earnings 6 weeks Earnings Current Year MAAP or AIP Target MAAP pro-rated based on days worked in the performance year, if Separation from Service is after March 31 of the performance year Target MAAP pro-rated based on days worked in the performance year, if Separation from Service is after March 31 of the performance year Target MAAP pro-rated based on days worked in the performance year, if Separation from Service is after March 31 of the performance year AIP target award amount, pro-rated based on days worked in the performance year, if Separation from Service is after March 31 of the performance year COBRA 
 6 months 6 months 6 months 6 months 6 months 6 months 
 Outplacement 12 months 12 months 9 months 6 months 3 months 2 months (single termination) 
 Workshop (group termination) 
 EAP 3 months 3 months 3 months 3 months 3 months 3 months 
 
 (b) Each individual who is eligible as provided in Article III above, and whose employment is classified by the Employer as a Performance Termination, shall receive, the Severance Pay, COBRA, outplacement assistance services and Employee Assistance Program services set forth below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Participant who is elected by the Board shall not be eligible to receive a benefit under this subsection 4.1(b). Unless otherwise eligible for payment under the terms of the applicable bonus plans, if the Participant s termination is classified as a Performance Termination, the Participant will not receive any pro-rated bonus payments for MAAP, AIP or SIP at termination under this Plan. 

Provision ELT Grades 
 1-4 and Non-ELT Elected Officers 
 Other 
 MAAP-Eligible 
 Salaried 
 Exempt 
 Salaried 
 Non-Exempt 
 Production 
 Non-Union 
 Severance Performance Termination N A 6 months Earnings 3 months Earnings 3 months Earnings 6 weeks Earnings N A COBRA 
 N A 6 months 6 months 6 months 6 months N A Outplacement N A 12 months 9 months 6 months 3 months N A EAP N A 3 months 3 months 3 months 3 months N A 
 
 (c) Severance Pay, including the payment of any prorated current year SIP, AIP or MAAP shall be paid as a lump sum cash payment no later than 60 days following the Participant s last date of employment, if the Agreement provides for a 21 day period to consider the release, and no later than 75 days following the Participant s last date of employment if the Agreement provides for a 45 day period to consider the release, provided, however, should any payments under this Plan be delayed no interest will be owed to the Participant with respect to such late payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Agreement provides for a 21 day period to consider the release and the last date of Employee s employment is on or after November 1, or if the Agreement provides for a 45 day period to consider the release and the last date of Employee s employment is after October 15, then the payment will always be made in the first applicable pay period in the following calendar year. 
 
 (d) The Severance Pay determined pursuant to subsection 4.1(a) and (b) above will be offset by any amount paid to a Participant (but not less than zero) pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act WARN ), or any similar state or other law, in lieu of notice thereunder. The benefits provided under this Plan are intended to satisfy any and all statutory obligations that may arise out of an Eligible Employee's involuntary termination, and the Committee shall so construe and implement the terms of the Plan. 
 
 (e) If, at the time Severance Pay is to be made hereunder, a Participant is indebted or obligated to an Employer or any affiliate, including, but not limited to, any repayment under the Corporation s relocation program, then such Severance Pay shall be reduced by the amount of such indebtedness or obligation to the extent allowable under applicable federal or state law provided that the Corporation may in its sole discretion elect not to reduce the Severance Pay by the amount of such indebtedness or obligation and provided that any such election by the Corporation shall not constitute a waiver of its claim of such indebtedness or obligation, in accordance with applicable law. 
 
 (f) Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, Severance Pay shall be reduced by the amount of any other severance payments, whether under any severance plan or offer letter or other individual agreement, made by an Employer. 
 
 (g) Severance Pay hereunder shall not be considered compensation for purposes of determining any benefits provided under any pension, savings, or other benefit plan maintained by an Employer. 

(h) The Employer will comply with the requirements of American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ARPA ), which requires employers to fully subsidize COBRA for certain Assistance Eligible Individuals for periods of coverage from April 1, 2021 through September 30, 2021. The COBRA subsidy provided by the Employer under the Plan shall be treated in accordance with ARPA as payment of the subsidy for purposes of ARPA and shall not be in addition to or extend the terms of COBRA subsidies provided under ARPA. 
 
 4.2 Withholding . A Participant shall be responsible for payment of any federal, Social Security, state, local or other taxes on Severance Pay under the Plan. The Employer shall deduct from Severance Pay any federal, Social Security, state, local or other taxes which are subject to withholding, as determined by the Employer. 
 
 4.3 Forfeiture, Recoupment and Recovery of Overpayments . If it is determined that any amount paid to an individual under this Plan should not have been paid or should have been paid in a lesser amount, written notice thereof shall be given and such individual shall promptly repay the amount of the overpayment to the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Plan in all cases reserves the right to pursue collection of any remaining overpayments if the above recovery efforts under this paragraph have failed. 
 
 Without limiting the foregoing, if, following a Participant s Separation from Service for a reason other than the Participant s termination for Cause, the Corporation discovers facts that such Participant s Separation from Service could have been for Cause, such Participant s Separation from Service will be deemed to have been for Cause for all purposes, and as a result, (a) the Employer will cease payment of any benefit otherwise payable to the Participant under the Plan and (b) the Participant will be required to repay to the Corporation all cash amounts received under the Plan that would not have been payable to such Participant had such Separation from Service been for Cause under Section 3.2(a) above. 
 
 Further, all amounts to which a Participant is entitled under this Plan shall be subject to forfeiture and or repayment to the Corporation to the extent and in the manner required (i) to comply with any requirements imposed under applicable laws, regulations, stock exchange listing rules or other rules (ii) under the terms of the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Compensation Recoupment Policy, to the extent applicable to the Participant, or under any other policy or guideline adopted by the Corporation for purposes of fraud prevention, governance, avoidance of monetary or reputational damage to the Corporation and its affiliates or similar reasons, whether or not such policy or guideline was in place at the time the Participant becomes eligible to participate in this Plan (and such requirements shall be deemed incorporated into this Plan without the consent of the Participant). 

ARTICLE V 
 
 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 
 
 BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION COMMITTEE 

5.1 Membership . The Committee shall consist of at least three persons who shall be officers or directors of the Corporation or Eligible Employees. Members of the Committee shall be appointed from time to time by, and shall serve at the pleasure of, the Chief Human Resources Officer of the Corporation (the CHRO ). The CHRO shall appoint one of the members of the Committee to serve as chairman. If the CHRO does not appoint a chairman, the Committee, in its discretion, may elect one of its members as chairman. The Committee shall appoint a Secretary who may be but need not be, a member of the Committee. The Committee shall not receive compensation for its services. Committee expenses shall be paid by the Corporation. 
 
 5.2 Powers . The Committee shall have all such powers as may be necessary to discharge its duties hereunder, including, but not by way of limitation, the power to construe or interpret the Plan, to determine all questions of eligibility hereunder, to adopt rules relating to coverage, and to perform such other duties as may from time to time be delegated to it by the Board. Any interpretations of this Plan by persons other than the Committee or individuals or organizations to whom the Committee has delegated administrative duties shall have no effect hereunder. The Committee may prescribe such forms and systems and adopt such rules and methods and tables as it deems advisable. It may employ such agents, attorneys, accountants, actuaries, medical advisors, or clerical assistants (none of whom need be members of the Committee) as it deems necessary for the effective exercise of its duties, and may delegate to such agents any power and duties, both ministerial and discretionary, as it may deem necessary and appropriate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any claim which arises under any other plan shall not be subject to review under this Plan, and the Committee's authority under this Article V shall not extend to any matter as to which an Administrator under such Program is empowered to make determinations under such plan. In administering the Plan, the Committee will be entitled, to the extent permitted by law, to rely conclusively on all tables, valuations, certificates, opinions and reports which are furnished by, or in accordance with the instructions of, the Committee of each of the Programs, or by accountants, counsel or other experts employed or engaged by the Committee. 
 
 5.3 Procedures . The Committee may take any action upon a majority vote at any meeting at which all members are present, and may take any action without a meeting upon the unanimous written consent of all members. All action by the Committee shall be evidenced by a certificate signed by the chairperson or by the secretary to the Committee. The Committee shall appoint a secretary to the Committee who need not be a member of the Committee, and all acts and determinations of the Committee shall be recorded by the secretary, or under his supervision. All such records, together with such other documents as may be necessary for the administration of the Plan, shall be preserved in the custody of the secretary. 
 
 5.4 Rules and Decisions . All rules and decisions of the Committee shall be uniformly and consistently applied to all Eligible Employees and Participants under this Plan in similar circumstances and shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons affected by them. 
 
 5.5 Books and Records . The records of the Employers shall be conclusive evidence as to all information contained therein with respect to the basis for participation in the Plan and for the calculation of Severance Pay. 
 
 5.6 Claim Procedure . The Committee procedure for handling all claims hereunder and review of denied claims shall be consistent with the provisions of ERISA. If a claim for Plan benefits is denied, the Committee shall provide a written notice within 90 days to the person claiming the benefits that contains the specific reasons for the denial, specific references to Plan provisions on which the Committee based its denial and a 

statement that the claimant may (a) request a review upon written application to the Committee within 60 days, (b) may review pertinent Plan documents and (c) may submit issues and comments in writing. If a claim is denied because of incomplete information, the notice shall also indicate what additional information is required. If additional time is required to make a decision on the claim, the Committee shall notify the claimant of the delay within the original 90 day period. This notice will also indicate the special circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which a decision is expected. This extension period may not exceed 90 days beyond the end of the first 90-day period. 
 
 The claimant may request a review of a denied claim by writing the Committee in care of the Plan Administrator. The appeal must, however, be made within 60 days after the claimant's receipt of notice of the denial of the claim. Pertinent documents may be reviewed in preparing an appeal, and issues and comments may be submitted in writing. An appeal shall be given a complete review by the Committee, and a written decision, including reasons, shall be provided within 60 days. If there are special circumstances requiring an extensive review, the Committee shall notify the claimant in a written notice within the original 60 day period of its receipt of the appeal and indicating that the decision will be delayed. A final decision on the appeal shall be made within 120 days of the Committee's receipt of the appeal. 
 
 The Committee shall have all of the authority with respect to all aspects of claims for benefits under the Plan, and it shall administer this authority in its sole discretion. 
 
 5.7 Committee Discretion. 
 
 (a) Any action on matters within the discretion of the Committee, including but not limited to, the amount of Severance Pay conferred upon a Participant, shall be final and conclusive as to all Eligible Employees and other persons claiming rights under the Plan. The Committee shall exercise all of the powers, duties and responsibilities set forth hereunder in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, the Committee shall have the sole discretion to interpret the terms of the Plan included but not limited to, whether a termination is voluntarily or involuntary, whether a Participant s termination is for Cause or whether a Participant could have been terminated for Cause, whether a Participant is offered a Comparable Position, and whether Severance Pay shall be payable to any Participant under this Plan. 
 
 (b) Any increase or decrease in the amount of Severance Pay for Eligible Employees who are not elected by the Board, different than the amount set forth in 4.1(a) and (b) above may be authorized in their sole discretion by (i) the Committee, (ii) a Group President or Senior Vice President of the Corporation with the endorsement of either the Senior Vice President Global Human Resources or the Vice President Compensation and Benefits or (iii) the Chief Executive Officer. Any such increase or decrease in the amount of Severance Pay shall be final and conclusive as to all such Eligible Employees and other persons claiming rights under the Plan. 
 
 (c) Any increase or decrease in the amount of Severance Pay for Eligible Employees who are elected by the Board, different than the amount set forth in 4.1(a) and (b) above may be authorized in their sole discretion by the Management Development and Compensation Committee of the Board. Any such increase or decrease in the amount of Severance Pay shall be final and conclusive as to all such Eligible Employees and other persons claiming rights under the Plan. 
 
 5.8 Plan Amendments . The Board may from time to time modify, alter, amend or terminate the Plan. Any action permitted to be taken by the Board under the foregoing provision may be taken by the CHRO if such action 
 
 (a) is required by law, or 
 
 (b) is estimated not to increase the annual cost of the Plan by more than 5,000,000, or 

(c) is estimated not to increase the annual cost of the Plan by more than 25,000,000 provided such action is approved and duly executed by the CEO. 
 
 Any action taken by the Board or CHRO shall be made by or pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or CHRO and shall be evidenced by such resolution or by a written instrument executed by such persons as the Board or CHRO shall authorize for that purpose. 
 
 The Board or CHRO also shall have the right to make any amendment retroactively which is necessary to bring the Plan into conformity with the Code or which is otherwise permitted by applicable law. Any such amendment will be binding and effective for the Employer. 
 
 Any action which is required or permitted to be taken by the Board under the provisions of this Plan may be taken by the Management, Development and Compensation Committee of the Board or any other duly authorized committee of the Board designated under the By-Laws of the Corporation. 
 
 The Board, the Management, Development and Compensation Committee or any duly authorized committee of the Board, the CEO or the CHRO may authorize persons to carry out its policies and directives subject to the limitations and guidelines set by it, and delegate its authority under the Plan. 
 
 5.9 Annual Reporting to the CEO . The CHRO shall report to the CEO before January 31 of each year all action taken by such position hereunder during the preceding calendar year. 
 
 5.10 Annual Reporting to the Board . The CEO shall report to the Board before January 31 of each year all action taken by such position hereunder during the preceding calendar year. 
 
 5.11 Delegation of Duties . This Plan is sponsored by Kimberly-Clark Corporation. The Committee reserves the right to delegate any and all administrative duties to one or more individuals or organizations. Any reference herein to any other entity or person, other than the Committee or any of its members, which is performing administrative services shall also include any other third party administrators. The responsibilities of any third party administrator may be governed, in part, by a separate administrative services contract. 
 
 5.12 Funding . Benefits shall be paid from the general assets of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE VI 
 LIMITATIONS AND LIABILITIES 
 
 6.1 Non-Guarantee of Employment . Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed as a contract of employment between an Employer and a Participant, or as a right of any Participant to be continued in the employment of his Employer, or as a limitation of the right of an Employer to discharge any Participant with or without Cause. Nor shall anything contained in this Plan affect the eligibility requirements under any other plans maintained by the Employer, nor give any person a right to coverage under any other Plan. 
 
 6.2 Non-Alienation . Except as otherwise provided herein, no right or interest of any Participant or Beneficiary in the Plan shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, charge, attachment, garnishment, execution, levy, bankruptcy, or any other disposition of any kind, either voluntary or involuntary, prior to actual receipt of payment by the person entitled to such right or interest under the provisions hereof, and any such disposition or attempted disposition shall be void. 
 
 6.3 Applicable Law . This Plan is construed under, to the extent not preempted by federal law, enforced in accordance with and governed by, the laws of the State of Wisconsin. If any provision of this Plan is found to be invalid, such provision shall be deemed modified to comply with applicable law and the remaining terms and provisions of this Plan will remain in full force and effect. 
 
 6.4 Notice . Any notice given hereunder is sufficient if given to the Employee by the Employer, or if mailed to the Employee to the last known address of the Employee as such address appears on the records of the Employer. 
 
 6.5 Service of Process . The Plan Administrator shall be the designated recipient of the services of process with respect to legal actions regarding the Plan. 
 
 6.6 No Guarantee of Tax Consequences . The Employer makes no commitment or guarantee that any amounts paid to or for the benefit of a Participant under this Plan will be excludable from the Participant's gross income for federal, Social Security, or state income tax purposes, or that any other federal, Social Security, or state income tax treatment will apply to or be available to any Participant. It shall be the obligation of each Participant to determine whether each payment under this Plan is excludable from the Participant's gross income for federal, Social Security, and state income tax purposes, and to notify the Plan Administrator if the Participant has reason to believe that any such payment is not so excludable. This Plan is intended to be compliant with Section 409A of the Code and the guidance promulgated thereunder. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, the Corporation and the Committee shall administer and interpret the Plan, and exercise all authority and discretion under the Plan, to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A and the guidance promulgated thereunder and any noncompliant provisions of this Plan will either be void or deemed amended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and the guidance promulgated thereunder. 
 
 6.7 Limitation of Liability . Neither the Employer, the Plan Administrator, nor the Committee shall be liable for any act or failure to act which is made in good faith pursuant to the provisions of the Plan, except to the extent required by applicable law. It is expressly understood and agreed by each Eligible Employee who becomes a Participant that, except for its or their willful misconduct or gross neglect, neither the Employer, the Plan Administrator nor the Committee shall be subject to any legal liability to any Participant, for any cause or reason whatsoever, in connection with this Plan, and each such Participant hereby releases the Employer, its officers and agents, and the Plan Administrator, and its agents, and the Committee, from any and all liability or obligation except as provided in this paragraph. 
 
 6.8 Indemnification of the Committee . The Employer shall indemnify the Committee and each of its members and hold them harmless from the consequences of their acts or conduct in their official capacity, including payment for all reasonable legal expenses and court costs, except to the extent that such consequences are the result of their own willful misconduct or breach of good faith. 

APPENDIX A 
 
 EMPLOYERS COVERED BY THE KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION 
 SEVERANCE PAY PLAN 
 
 Employers Participating Units Kimberly-Clark Corporation All salaried and hourly non-organized employees Kimberly-Clark Financial Services, Inc. All salaried and hourly non-organized employees Kimberly-Clark Global Sales, LLC All salaried employees Kimberly-Clark International Services Corporation 
 
 Kimberly-Clark Services, Inc. 
 All salaried and hourly non-organized employees except those who transfer to a 50 or less owned foreign subsidiary on a non-temporary basis 
 All salaried employees 
 Kimberly-Clark Pennsylvania, LLC All salaried employees Kimberly-Clark USA, LLC All salaried and hourly non-organized employees Kimberly-Clark Worldwide, Inc. All salaried and hourly non-organized employees 
 
 including those on temporary assignment at other employers or in other classifications, but excluding employees on temporary assignment from another Employer or classification. 

APPENDIX G 
 
 2018 MOBILE FACILITY 
 VOLUNTARY INCENTIVE 
 SEPARATION PROGRAM 

1. In General . Notwithstanding the requirement under Section 3.2 of the Plan that Severance Pay is only payable upon involuntary termination, an eligible Participant who voluntarily terminates employment shall receive Severance Pay under subsection 3(a) below if they otherwise qualify under the terms of the Plan and meet the requirements of Sections 2 and 3 below, except to the extent otherwise limited in accordance with the terms approved by the Corporation for the 2018 Mobile Facility Voluntary Incentive Separation Program (the Program ). 
 
 2. Voluntary Severance Election . A Participant qualifies under this Section 2 if such Participant is 
 
 (a) an hourly organized Employee employed by the Corporation at its Mobile Facility as of May 21, 2018, and who is represented by United Steelworkers of America USW ), Local Unions 1421 or 1575, and who remains employed with the Corporation through the date selected by the Corporation as of the Participant s Termination Date which is November 15, 2018 (or a different date as designated by the Corporation in its sole discretion) and 
 (b) has submitted a valid election form (the Election Form to participate in the Program to the Mobile Facility s Human Resources Department within the election period beginning May 21, 2018 and ending at noon (Central Time) on June 11, 2018, and such election is accepted by the Corporation under the terms of the Program and 
 (c) If more than 15 eligible employees elect the Program, the Corporation will accept elections in order of Mill seniority. 
 3. Severance Pay . Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, Severance Pay shall be reduced by the amount of any other severance payments, whether under any severance plan or offer letter or other individual agreement, made by an Employer. 
 (a) If a Participant is accepted into the Program and is employed by the Corporation as of the Termination Date, the Participant will be entitled to 
 (1) a 30,000 lump sum severance payment under the Program, less ordinary tax withholding and all required deductions from the Corporation. 
 (2) payout of 2019 vacation allotment, provided the Participant has worked at least 1,040 hours in 2018 before the Termination Date. 
 (b) Severance Pay shall be paid as a lump sum cash payment no later than 75 days following the Participant s Termination Date, provided, however, should any payments under this Plan be delayed no interest will be owed to the Participant with respect to such late payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last date of Employee s employment is after October 15, then the payment will always be made in the first applicable pay period in the following calendar year. 
 4. Release Agreement . No Participant shall be entitled to receive any of the benefits provided under the Program hereunder unless such Participant returns an executed Separation Agreement and Full and Final Release of Claims, in the form required by the Corporation, to the Mobile Facilities Human Resources Department no later than the 45 th day after the Participant received the Separation Agreement and Full and Final Release of Claims and such Participant does not revoke such Separation Agreement and Full and Final Release of Claims in writing within the 7-day period following the date on which it is executed. Once an employee has elected to participate and is selected to participate in the Program, the election cannot be 

revoked, even if the employee decides not to sign and return the Separation Agreement and Full and Final Release of Claims. 
 5. Excluded Participants . Notwithstanding any provision in this 31 st Amendment to the contrary, the following Participants, and each of the following groups of Participants are excluded from participation in this Program 
 (a) salaried exempt Employees at the Mobile Facility 
 (b) salaried and hourly non-exempt Employees at the Mobile Facility 
 (c) hourly organized Employees at the Mobile Facility who are not represented by United Steelworkers of America USW ), Local Unions 1421 or 1575 and 
 (d) Employees who voluntarily or involuntarily terminate employment prior to the Termination Date prescribed for such individual by the Employer. 

APPENDIX H 
 
 2019 FULLERTON MILL 
 SEPARATION PROGRAM 

1. In General . Notwithstanding any requirements in the Plan to the contrary, pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the Fullerton Mill Closing Agreement Agreement dated July 24, 2018 between Kimberly-Clark Worldwide, Inc. (the Corporation and the Association of Western Pulp and Paper Workers, and its Local 672 Union ), for and on behalf of all bargaining unit employees at the Corporation s Fullerton Mill in Orange County, California, a Participant at the Fullerton Mill who meets the conditions in the Agreement shall receive Severance Pay, COBRA continuation coverage under his her current medical plan, EAP coverage and the additional lump sum payments under the terms of the Agreement. No additional benefits shall be provided under the terms of the Plan. If any of the terms of the Agreement should conflict with the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Agreement shall control. 

APPENDIX I 
 
 2020 KIMBERLY-CLARK PROFESSIONAL 
 GROUP REDUCTION IN FORCE PROGRAMS 

1. In General . Notwithstanding any provisions of Section 4.1(c) of the Plan, with respect to the 2020 Kimberly-Clark Professional Group Reduction-In Force Programs, Eligible Employees who are eligible for Severance Pay under Section 3.2 and whose last day of employment is on October 23, 2020, shall receive Severance Pay in accordance with the revised amended Section 4.1(c) below 
 
 4.1(c) Severance Pay, including the payment of any prorated current year SIP, AIP or MAAP shall be paid as a lump sum cash payment no later than 60 days following the Participant s last date of employment, if the Agreement provides for a 21 day period to consider the release, and no later than 75 days following the Participant s last date of employment if the Agreement provides for a 45 day period to consider the release, provided, however, should any payments under this Plan be delayed no interest will be owed to the Participant with respect to such late payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Agreement provides for a 21 day period to consider the release and the last date of Employee s employment is on or after November 1, or if the Agreement provides for a 45 day period to consider the release and the last date of Employee s employment is after October 15, then the payment will be made in the first applicable pay period in the calendar year ending December 31, 2020. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any current year EOAAP, or MAAP that is payable to an officer of the Corporation elected by the Board, shall be paid at the same time as it was payable under the provisions of EOAAP or MAAP but no later than 60 days following the end of the calendar year of the Separation from Service. 

APPENDIX J 
 2021 POSITIONING KIMBERLY-CLARK NORTH AMERICA FOR GROWTH PROJECT 

Section 3.2 of the Plan is hereby amended effective April 14, 2021, to add the following paragraph to read as follows 
 
 Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3.2(e) of the Plan, if a Participant who is subject to the 2021 Positioning Kimberly-Clark North America for Growth Project (the Project is offered a Comparable Position of employment with the Corporation during the election period beginning April 14, 2021 and ending July 12, 2021 (the Election Period ), the Participant shall continue to be eligible under the Severance Pay notwithstanding such offer, provided the Participant is otherwise eligible under the terms of the Plan. Any offer the Participant receives of a Comparable Position after such Election Period shall make the Participant ineligible for Severance Pay under the Plan relating to the Participant s involuntary termination in connection with the Project. 

</EX-10.(P)>

<EX-21>
 5
 kmb10k2022exhibit21.htm
 CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

Exhibit No. (21) 

KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Abdelia Comercial Ltda., Brazil Bacraft Industria de Papel Ltda., Brazil Badgers LLC, Delaware Beco, Inc., Wisconsin Colombiana Kimberly Colpapel S.A., Colombia Delaware Overseas Finance, Inc., Wisconsin Durafab, LLC, Wisconsin Excell Paper Sales Company, Pennsylvania Gerinconfort Industria e Comercio de Productos Higienicos Ltda., Brazil Harquahala Mountain Farms, LLC, Arizona Hoosiers LLC, Delaware Housing Horizons, LLC, Texas I-Flow, LLC, Delaware Jackson Products, Inc., Wisconsin K-C Advertising, Inc., Wisconsin 
 K-C AFC Manufacturing, S. de R.L. de C. V., Mexico 
 K-C Equipment Finance LP, United Kingdom K-C Guernsey I Limited, Isle of Guernsey K-C Guernsey II Limited, Isle of Guernsey K-C (Hong Kong II) Limited, Hong Kong K.C.S.A. Holdings (Pty) Limited, South Africa Kalayaan Land Corporation, Philippines KCA Super Pty Limited, Australia KCSSA East Africa Limited, Kenya KCSSA West Africa Limited, Nigeria Kimberly Bolivia S.A., Bolivia Kimberly Clark MEA DMCC, Dubai Kimberly-Clark (China) Company Ltd, China Kimberly-Clark (Cyprus) Limited, Cyprus Kimberly-Clark (Hong Kong) Limited, Hong Kong Kimberly-Clark (Nanjing) Care Products Co. Ltd., China Kimberly-Clark (Nanjing) Personal Hygienic Products Company Limited, China Kimberly-Clark (Tianjin) Care Products Co., Ltd., China Kimberly-Clark (Trinidad) Ltd., Trinidad & Tobago Kimberly-Clark (Wuxi) Equipment Technology Co., Ltd., China Kimberly-Clark Amsterdam Holdings, B.V., Netherlands Kimberly-Clark Argentina S.A., Argentina Kimberly-Clark Asia Holdings Pte. Ltd, Singapore Kimberly-Clark Asia Pacific Headquarters Pte Ltd, Singapore Kimberly-Clark Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd, Singapore Kimberly-Clark Atlantic Holding Limited, United Kingdom Kimberly-Clark Australia Holdings Pty Limited, Australia 

Kimberly-Clark Australia Pty. Limited, Australia Kimberly-Clark B.V., Netherlands Kimberly-Clark BV, Belgium Kimberly-Clark Bahrain Holding Company S.P.C., Bahrain Kimberly-Clark Brasil Holdings Limitada, Brazil Kimberly-Clark Brasil Industria e Comercio de Produtos de Higiene Ltda, Brazil Kimberly-Clark Brazil Holdings, LLC, Delaware Kimberly-Clark Canada International Holdings Inc., Canada Kimberly-Clark Cayman Islands Company, Cayman Islands Kimberly-Clark Central American Holdings, S.A., Panama Kimberly-Clark Chile S.A., Chile Kimberly-Clark Commercial, Inc., Wisconsin Kimberly-Clark Commercial, LLC Delaware Kimberly-Clark Costa Rica Limitada, Costa Rica Kimberly-Clark de Centro America, Limitada de Capital Variable, El Salvador Kimberly-Clark de Honduras, S.de R.L. de C.V., Honduras Kimberly-Clark Dominican Republic S.A., Dominican Republic Kimberly-Clark Dominican Services SRL, Dominican Republic Kimberly-Clark Dominicana, S.A., Dominican Republic Kimberly-Clark Dutch Holdings B.V., Netherlands Kimberly-Clark Ecuador S.A., Ecuador Kimberly-Clark Ede Holdings B.V., Netherlands Kimberly-Clark EMEA GBS Services Spolka Z Ograniczona Odpowiedzialnoscia, Poland Kimberly-Clark EMEA Holdings Ltd., United Kingdom Kimberly-Clark Enterprise Inc., Wisconsin Kimberly-Clark Europe Limited, United Kingdom Kimberly-Clark European Investment B.V., Netherlands Kimberly-Clark European Services Limited, United Kingdom Kimberly-Clark Finance Limited, United Kingdom Kimberly-Clark Financial Services, Inc., Tennessee Kimberly-Clark Germany Holding GmbH, Germany Kimberly-Clark Global Sales, LLC, Wisconsin Kimberly-Clark GmbH, Austria Kimberly-Clark GmbH, Germany Kimberly-Clark Guatemala, Limitada, Guatemala Kimberly-Clark Holding Limited, United Kingdom Kimberly-Clark Holding srl, Italy Kimberly-Clark Holland Holdings B.V., Netherlands Kimberly-Clark Hygiene Products Private Limited, India Kimberly-Clark Inc., Canada Kimberly-Clark India Private Limited, India Kimberly-Clark Integrated Services Corporation, Wisconsin Kimberly-Clark Intercontinental Holding Ltd., United Kingdom Kimberly-Clark International Holding Limited, United Kingdom Kimberly-Clark International, S. de R.L. Panama Kimberly-Clark International Services Corporation, Wisconsin Kimberly-Clark Investment, Inc., Nevada Kimberly-Clark Israel Ltd, Israel Kimberly-Clark Israel Marketing Ltd., Israel 

Kimberly-Clark Japan Godo Kaisha, Japan Kimberly-Clark Kazakhstan Limited Liability Partnership, Kazakhstan Kimberly-Clark Kereskedelmi Kft, Hungary Kimberly-Clark Latin America Investments, Inc., Wisconsin Kimberly-Clark Latin America, Inc., Wisconsin Kimberly-Clark LDA, Portugal Kimberly-Clark Limited, United Kingdom Kimberly-Clark Luxembourg Finance S. r.l., Luxembourg Kimberly-Clark Luxembourg Financial Holdings S.a.r.l., Luxembourg Kimberly-Clark Luxembourg Holdings S. r.l., Luxembourg Kimberly-Clark Luxembourg International S.a.r.L., Luxembourg Kimberly-Clark Luxembourg S. r.l., Luxembourg Kimberly-Clark Maghreb SARL, Morocco Kimberly-Clark Magyarorszag Kft., Hungary Kimberly-Clark Manufacturing (Thailand) Limited, Thailand Kimberly-Clark Mediterranean Finance Company Ltd., Malta Kimberly-Clark Netherlands Holdings B.V., Netherlands Kimberly-Clark Nicaragua & Compania Limitada, Nicaragua Kimberly-Clark Nicaragua Services & Compania Limitada, Nicaragua 
 Kimberly-Clark Noordzee Co peratief U.A., Netherlands Kimberly-Clark North Asia (HK) Limited, Hong Kong Kimberly-Clark of South Africa (Pty) Ltd., South Africa Kimberly-Clark Pacific Finance Company, Cayman Islands Kimberly-Clark Pacific Holdings Pty Limited, Australia Kimberly-Clark Palmetto, Inc., Wisconsin Kimberly-Clark Paper (Shanghai) Co. Ltd, China Kimberly-Clark Paraguay, S.A., Paraguay Kimberly-Clark Patriot Holdings, Inc., Cayman Islands Kimberly-Clark Pension Trusts Ltd., United Kingdom Kimberly-Clark Personal Hygienic Products Co. Ltd., Beijing, China Kimberly-Clark Peru S.R.L., Peru Kimberly-Clark Philippines Inc., Philippines Kimberly-Clark Polska Sp. Z.o.o., Poland Kimberly-Clark Products (M) Sdn. Bhd., Malaysia Kimberly-Clark Produtos Para Saude Limitada, Brazil Kimberly-Clark Regional Services (M) Sdn. Bhd., Malaysia Kimberly-Clark SAS, France Kimberly-Clark S.L.U., Spain Kimberly-Clark s.r.l., Italy Kimberly-Clark s.r.o., Czech Republic Kimberly-Clark Services Asia-Pacific Pty Limited, Australia Kimberly-Clark Services, Inc., Wisconsin Kimberly-Clark Singapore Intercontinental Pte. Ltd., Singapore Kimberly-Clark Singapore Pte. Ltd., Singapore Kimberly-Clark Southeast Asia Holdings Pte. Ltd., Singapore Kimberly-Clark Southern Africa (Holdings) (Pty) Ltd., South Africa Kimberly-Clark Switzerland GmbH, Switzerland Kimberly-Clark Taiwan, Cayman Islands Kimberly-Clark Thailand Limited, Thailand 

Kimberly-Clark Trading (M) Sdn. Bhd., Malaysia Kimberly-Clark Trading and Services Limitada, Costa Rica 
 Kimberly-Clark Treasury Australia Pty Limited, Australia Kimberly-Clark Tuketim Mallari Sanayi ve Ticaret A.S., Turkey Kimberly-Clark Tulip Holdings, B.V., Netherlands Kimberly-Clark U.K. Operations Limited, United Kingdom Kimberly-Clark Uruguay S.A., Uruguay Kimberly-Clark USA, LLC, Wisconsin Kimberly-Clark Utrecht Holdings B.V., Netherlands Kimberly-Clark Ventures, LLC, Delaware Kimberly-Clark Vietnam Holdings Pte. Ltd., Singapore Kimberly-Clark Vietnam Ltd., Vietnam Kimberly-Clark Worldwide Australia Holdings Pty. Limited, Australia Kimberly-Clark Worldwide Taiwan Investment Limited, Taiwan Kimberly-Clark Worldwide, Inc., Wisconsin KS & J Industria e Comercio Limitada, Brazil Lava Products Limited, Hong Kong Limited Liability Company Kimberly-Clark, Russia Limited Liability Company with Foreign Investment Kimberly-Clark Ukraine , Ukraine Mimo S.A., Argentina Minnetonka Overseas Investments Limited, Cayman Islands P.T. Karya Pratama Nusantara Raya, Indonesia P.T. Kimberly-Clark Indonesia, Indonesia P.T. Maju Andalan, Indonesia P.T. Softex Indonesia, Indonesia Ridgeway Insurance Company Limited, Bermuda SK Corporation, Taiwan Softex Holdings Limited, Hong Kong Softex International Limited, Hong Kong Taiwan Scott Paper Corporation, Taiwan Technology Systems S.A., Argentina Thinx Inc., Delaware Three Rivers Timber Company, Washington VOID Technologies Limited, United Kingdom Yuhan-Kimberly Limited, South Korea Indicates a company that is not wholly owned directly or indirectly by the Corporation. We have additional subsidiaries that, if considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, do not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 kmb10k2022exhibit23.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Document 

Exhibit No. (23) 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-262635 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 33-49050, 33-58402, 33-64689, 333-02607, 333-06996, 333-17367, 333-43647, 333-94139, 333-51922, 333-61010, 333-62358, 333-89314, 333-104099, 333-115347, 333-155380, 333-161986, 333-163891, 333-173725, 333-214818, 333-233917, 333-255625, 333-264323, and 333-267480 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 9, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Kimberly-Clark Corporation and subsidiaries (the Corporation and the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s D ELOITTE & T OUCHE LLP 
 Deloitte & Touche LLP Dallas, Texas February 9, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 7
 kmb10k2022exhibit24.htm
 POWERS OF ATTORNEY

Document 

Exhibit No. (24) 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby constitute and appoint Nelson Urdaneta, Andrew Drexler, Alison Rhoten and Jeffrey Melucci, and each of them, with full power to act alone, the undersigned s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign Kimberly-Clark Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any one of them, or their or his or her substitute or their substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 9 th day of February 2023. 
 s Sylvia M. Burwell Sylvia M. Burwell 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby constitute and appoint Nelson Urdaneta, Andrew Drexler, Alison Rhoten and Jeffrey Melucci, and each of them, with full power to act alone, the undersigned s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign Kimberly-Clark Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any one of them, or their or his or her substitute or their substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 9 th day of February 2023. 
 s John W. Culver John W. Culver 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby constitute and appoint Nelson Urdaneta, Andrew Drexler, Alison Rhoten and Jeffrey Melucci, and each of them, with full power to act alone, the undersigned s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign Kimberly-Clark Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any one of them, or their or his or her substitute or their substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 9 th day of February 2023. 
 s Robert W. Decherd Robert W. Decherd 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby constitute and appoint Nelson Urdaneta, Andrew Drexler, Alison Rhoten and Jeffrey Melucci, and each of them, with full power to act alone, the undersigned s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign Kimberly-Clark Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any one of them, or their or his or her substitute or their substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 9 th day of February 2023. 
 s Mae C. Jemison Mae C. Jemison 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby constitute and appoint Nelson Urdaneta, Andrew Drexler, Alison Rhoten and Jeffrey Melucci, and each of them, with full power to act alone, the undersigned s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign Kimberly-Clark Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any one of them, or their or his or her substitute or their substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 9 th day of February 2023. 
 s S. Todd Maclin S. Todd Maclin 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby constitute and appoint Nelson Urdaneta, Andrew Drexler, Alison Rhoten and Jeffrey Melucci, and each of them, with full power to act alone, the undersigned s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign Kimberly-Clark Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any one of them, or their or his or her substitute or their substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 9 th day of February 2023. 
 s Deirdre A. Mahlan Deirdre A. Mahlan 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby constitute and appoint Nelson Urdaneta, Andrew Drexler, Alison Rhoten and Jeffrey Melucci, and each of them, with full power to act alone, the undersigned s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign Kimberly-Clark Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any one of them, or their or his or her substitute or their substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 9 th day of February 2023. 
 s Sherilyn S. McCoy Sherilyn S. McCoy 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby constitute and appoint Nelson Urdaneta, Andrew Drexler, Alison Rhoten and Jeffrey Melucci, and each of them, with full power to act alone, the undersigned s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign Kimberly-Clark Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any one of them, or their or his or her substitute or their substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 9 th day of February 2023. 
 s Christa S. Quarles Christa S. Quarles 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby constitute and appoint Nelson Urdaneta, Andrew Drexler, Alison Rhoten and Jeffrey Melucci, and each of them, with full power to act alone, the undersigned s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign Kimberly-Clark Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any one of them, or their or his or her substitute or their substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 9 th day of February 2023. 
 s Jaime A. Ramirez Jamie A. Ramirez 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby constitute and appoint Nelson Urdaneta, Andrew Drexler, Alison Rhoten and Jeffrey Melucci, and each of them, with full power to act alone, the undersigned s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign Kimberly-Clark Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any one of them, or their or his or her substitute or their substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 9 th day of February 2023. 
 s Dunia A. Shive Dunia A. Shive 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby constitute and appoint Nelson Urdaneta, Andrew Drexler, Alison Rhoten and Jeffrey Melucci, and each of them, with full power to act alone, the undersigned s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign Kimberly-Clark Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any one of them, or their or his or her substitute or their substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 9 th day of February 2023. 
 s Mark T. Smucker Mark T. Smucker 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby constitute and appoint Nelson Urdaneta, Andrew Drexler, Alison Rhoten and Jeffrey Melucci, and each of them, with full power to act alone, the undersigned s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign Kimberly-Clark Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any one of them, or their or his or her substitute or their substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 9 th day of February 2023. 
 s Michael D. White Michael D. White 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.A>
 8
 kmb10kq4exhibit31a2022.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO AS REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A)

Document 

Exhibit (31)a 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Michael D. Hsu, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Michael D. Hsu Michael D. Hsu Chief Executive Officer February 9, 2023 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 9
 kmb10kq4exhibit31b2022.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO AS REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A)

Document 

Exhibit (31)b 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Nelson Urdaneta, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Nelson Urdaneta Nelson Urdaneta Chief Financial Officer February 9, 2023 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 10
 kmb10kq4exhibit32a2022.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO AS REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(B) OR RULE 14(B)E 15D-E

Document 

Exhibit (32)a 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 
 I, Michael D. Hsu, Chief Executive Officer of Kimberly-Clark Corporation, certify that, to my knowledge 
 (1) the Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 accompanied report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the accompanied report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Kimberly-Clark Corporation. 

s Michael D. Hsu Michael D. Hsu Chief Executive Officer February 9, 2023 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 11
 kmb10kq4exhibit32b2022.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO AS REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(B) OR RULE 15D-14(B)

Document 

Exhibit (32)b 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 
 I, Nelson Urdaneta, Chief Financial Officer of Kimberly-Clark Corporation, certify that, to my knowledge 
 (1) the Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 accompanied report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the accompanied report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Kimberly-Clark Corporation. 
 
 s Nelson Urdaneta Nelson Urdaneta Chief Financial Officer February 9, 2023 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 kmb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 kmb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 kmb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 kmb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 kmb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

