<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1358190_0001213900-23-022564.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10129556</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>363767</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3374004</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2118521</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2005539</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2017256</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-022564.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323214755
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-022564
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IT TECH PACKAGING, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001358190
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONVERTED PAPER & PAPERBOARD PRODS (NO CONTAINERS/BOXES) [2670]
		IRS NUMBER:				204158835
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34577
		FILM NUMBER:		23757543

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SCIENCE PARK, JULI ROAD
		STREET 2:		XUSHUI COUNTY, BAODING CITY
		CITY:			HEBEI PROVINCE,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			072550
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 312-8698215

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SCIENCE PARK, JULI ROAD
		STREET 2:		XUSHUI COUNTY, BAODING CITY
		CITY:			HEBEI PROVINCE,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			072550

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Orient Paper Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CARLATERAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060403

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-022564.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_ittechpack.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________to ______________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S.
Employer Incorporation or organization Identification No.) 

, , 

, 

Hebei
Province, The People s Republic of 

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered American 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common Stock 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was
approximately based upon 9,231,801 shares of common stock held by non-affiliates and the closing price of the common
stock of 1.19 on June 30, 2022. 

As
of March 23, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 22 
 
 Item 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 43 
 
 Item 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 43 
 
 Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 43 
 
 Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 43 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
 COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 44 
 
 Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 44 
 
 Item 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 45 
 
 Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 56 
 
 Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 56 
 
 Item 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 57 
 
 Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 57 
 
 Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 57 
 
 Item 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION. 
 
 57 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 58 
 
 Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 61 
 
 Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
 CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 63 
 
 Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 63 
 
 Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 64 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 65 
 
 Item 16 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 68 

SIGNATURES 
 
 69 

i 

INTRODUCTION 

All references to we, 
 us, our, or similar terms used in this annual report refer to IT Tech Packaging, Inc., a Nevada corporation,
including its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and, in the context of describing our operations and consolidated financial information, our
variable interest entity in China, Hebei Baoding Dongfang Paper Milling Company Limited, or Dongfang Paper. IT Tech Packaging 
refers to IT Tech Packaging, Inc. VIE or Dongfang Paper refers to our variable interest entity in China. Baoding
Shengde refers to our wholly-owned subsidiary, Baoding Shengde Paper Co., Ltd, a PRC company. Qianrong , refers to
our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, QianrongQianhui Hebei Technology Co., Ltd, a PRC company. Tengsheng Paper refers to
the subsidiary of Dongfang Paper, Hebei Tengsheng Paper Co., Ltd., a PRC company. 

All
references to PRC or China refers to the People s Republic of China, excluding, for the purpose of
this annual report, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau; all references to RMB or Renminbi refer to the legal currency
of China; all references to US , dollars, U.S. dollars and refer to the legal
currency of the United States. 

This
annual report on Form 10-K includes our audited consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and our audited consolidated
balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the safe harbor 
provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these forward-looking statements by terms such
as may, will, expects, anticipates, future, intend, 
 plan, believe, estimate, is/are likely to and similar expressions. These statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be
materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, COVID-19 outbreak, our anticipated revenues from the corrugating medium
paper business segment and offset printing paper business, our ability to implement the planned capacity expansion of tissue paper, our
ability to introduce new products, market acceptance of new products, general economic and business conditions, the ability to attract
or retain qualified senior management personnel and research and development staff, and those specifically addressed under the headings
 Risks Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
The forward-looking statements made in this annual report relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake
no obligation, beyond any than as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the
date on which the statement is made, even though our situation changes in the future. 

We
operate in an emerging and evolving environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is impossible for our management to
predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination
of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. 

ii 

PART I 

Item
1. Business 

IT
Tech Packaging, Inc. (the Company, IT Tech Packaging, or ITP is not an operating company but
a Nevada holding company with operations primarily conducted by its subsidiary and variable interest entity, or VIE, in China. IT Tech
Packaging operated its business in China through its wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries, namely Baoding Shengde Paper Co., Ltd., a People s
Republic of China company Baoding Shengde and QianrongQianhui Hebei Technology Co., Ltd., a People s Republic of
China company Qianrong (together with Baoding Shengde, the PRC Subsidiaries ), and Hebei Baoding Dongfang
Paper Milling Company Limited Dongfang Paper ), which we refer to as our VIE in this annual report, and rely on contractual
arrangements that establish the VIE structure among Baoding Shengde, the VIE and VIE s shareholders to operate our business in
China. 

IT
Tech Packaging is a Nevada holding company with no operations of its own. Operations in China are primarily conducted through Dongfeng
Paper, the consolidated VIE. Dongfang Paper is consolidated for accounting purposes but is not an entity in which you own equity. 

Investors
in our common stock should be aware that they may never directly hold equity interests in the Chinese operating entities, but rather
purchasing equity solely in IT Tech Packaging Inc., our Nevada holding company, which does not directly own substantially all of our
business in China conducted by our PRC Subsidiaries and VIE. 

Because
of our corporate structure, we as well as the investors are subject to unique risks due to uncertainty of the interpretation and the
application of the PRC laws and regulations, including but not limited to regulatory review of oversea listing of PRC companies through
a special purpose vehicle. We are also subject to the risks of uncertainty about any future actions of the PRC government in this regard.
We may also be subject to sanctions imposed by PRC regulatory agencies including Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC if we fail to comply with their rules and regulations. Although the Company is currently not required to obtain permission from any of
the PRC central or local government to obtain such permission and has not received any denial to list on the U.S. exchange, our operations
could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations relating to its business or industry,
if we inadvertently conclude that such approvals are not required when they are, or applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations
change and we are required to obtain approval in the future. For a description of relevant risks related to our corporate structure,
see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Doing Business in China and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our
Corporate Structure. 

Corporate
History 

IT
Tech Packaging was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 9, 2005, under the name Carlateral, Inc. Through the
steps described below, we became the holding company with operations primarily conducted by our subsidiaries and our VIE, Dongfang Paper,
a producer and distributor of paper products in China, on October 29, 2007. Effective on August 1, 2018, we changed our corporate name
to IT Tech Packaging, Inc. The name change was effected through a parent/subsidiary short-form merger of IT Tech Packaging, Inc., our
wholly-owned Nevada subsidiary formed solely for the purpose of the name change, with and into us. We were the surviving entity. In connection
with the name change, our common stock began being traded under a new NYSE symbol, ITP, at such time. 

On
October 29, 2007, pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement ), the Company acquired Dongfang Zhiye
Holding Limited Dongfang Holding ), a corporation formed on November 13, 2006 under the laws of the British Virgin Islands,
and issued the shareholders of Dongfang Holding an aggregate of 7,450,497 (as adjusted for a four-for-one reverse stock split effected
in November 2009) shares of our common stock, which shares were distributed pro-rata to the shareholders of Dongfang Holding in accordance
with their respective ownership interests in Dongfang Holding. At the time of the Merger Agreement, Dongfang Holding owned all of the
issued and outstanding stock and ownership of Dongfang Paper and such shares of Dongfang Paper were held in trust with Zhenyong Liu,
Xiaodong Liu and Shuangxi Zhao, for Mr. Liu, Mr. Liu and Mr. Zhao (the original shareholders of Dongfang Paper) to exercise control over
the disposition of Dongfang Holding s shares in Dongfang Paper on Dongfang Holding s behalf until Dongfang Holding successfully
completed the change in registration of Dongfang Paper s capital with the relevant PRC Administration of Industry and Commerce
as the 100 owner of Dongfang Paper s shares. As a result of the merger transaction, Dongfang Holding became a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company, and Dongfang Holding s wholly owned subsidiary, Dongfang Paper, became an indirectly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Dongfang
Holding, as the 100 owner of Dongfang Paper, was unable to complete the registration of Dongfang Paper s capital under its name
within the proper time limits set forth under PRC law. In connection with the consummation of the restructuring transactions described
below, Dongfang Holding directed the trustees to return the shares of Dongfang Paper to their original shareholders, and the original
Dongfang Paper shareholders entered into certain agreements with Baoding Shengde Paper Co., Ltd. Baoding Shengde to transfer
the control of Dongfang Paper over to Baoding Shengde. 

On
June 24, 2009, the Company consummated a number of restructuring transactions pursuant to which it acquired all of the issued and outstanding
shares of Shengde Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation. Shengde Holdings Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 25,
2009, and holds a wholly-owned subsidiary, Baoding Shengde, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the PRC on June 1,
2009. Because Baoding Shengde is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shengde Holdings Inc., it is regarded as a wholly foreign-owned entity
under PRC law. 

1 

Effective
June 24, 2009, Baoding Shengde, Dongfang Paper and the original shareholders of Dongfang Paper entered into a number of contractual arrangements,
as subsequently amended on February 10, 2010, pursuant to which Baoding Shengde acts as the management company for Dongfang Paper, and
Dongfang Paper conducts the principal operations of the business. The contractual arrangements, as amended, effectively transferred the
preponderance of the economic benefits of Dongfang Paper to Baoding Shengde, and as a result, Baoding Shengde assumed effective control
and management over, is considered the primary beneficiary of Dongfang Paper for accounting purposes and we consolidate Dongfang Paper s
operating results in IT Tech Packaging s financial statements under U.S. GAAP. The contractual arrangements, as amended, include
the following: 

(i) Exclusive
 Technical Service and Business Consulting Agreement 

The
exclusive technical service and business consulting agreement, entered into by and between Baoding Shengde and Dongfang Paper, provides
that Baoding Shengde shall provide exclusive technical, business and management consulting services to Dongfang Paper, in exchange for
service fees including a fee equivalent to 80 of Dongfang Paper s total annual net profits. The agreement is terminable upon mutual
written agreement. 

(ii) Call
Option Agreement 

The
call option agreement, entered into by and between Baoding Shengde, Dongfang Paper and the shareholders of Dongfang Paper, provides that
the shareholders of Dongfang Paper irrevocably grant to Baoding Shengde an option to purchase all or part of each shareholder s
equity interest in Dongfang Paper. The exercise price for the options shall be RMB yuan for each of the shareholders equity interests,
or if at any time there are PRC laws regulating the minimum exercise price of such options, then to the extent permitted under PRC Law.
The call option agreement contains covenants from Dongfang Paper and its shareholders that they will refrain from taking certain actions
without Baoding Shengde s consent that would materially affect Dongfang Paper s operations and asset value, including (i)
supplementing or amending its articles of association or bylaws, (ii) changing Dongfang Paper s registered capital or shareholding
structure, (iii) selling, transferring, mortgaging or disposing of any interests in Dongfang Paper s assets or income, or encumbering
Dongfang Paper s assets or income in a way that would approve a security interest on such assets, (iv) incurring or guaranteeing
any debts not incurred in its normal business operations, (v) entering into any material contract or urging Dongfang Paper management
to dispose of any Dongfang Paper assets, unless it is within the company s normal business operations; (vi) providing any loan
or guarantee to any third party; (vii) appointing or removing any management personnel or directors that can be changed upon Dongfang
Paper shareholder approval; (viii) declaring or distributing any dividends to the stockholders. The agreement remains effective until
Baoding Shengde or its designees have acquired 100 of the equity interests of Dongfang Paper underlying the options. 

(iii) Share
 Pledge Agreement 

The
share pledge agreement entered into by and between Baoding Shengde, Dongfang Paper and the shareholders of Dongfang Paper, provides that
the Dongfang Paper shareholders will pledge all of their equity interests in Dongfang Paper to Baoding Shengde as security for their
obligations under the other management agreements described in this section. Specifically, Baoding Shengde is entitled to dispose of
the pledged equity interests in the event that the Dongfang Paper shareholders or Dongfang Paper fails to pay the service fees to Baoding
Shengde pursuant to the exclusive technical service and business consulting agreement or fails to perform their other obligations under
the other management agreement. The agreement contains covenants from Dongfang Paper s shareholders that they will refrain from
taking certain actions without Baoding Shengde s prior written consent, such as transferring or assigning their equity interests,
or creating or permitting the creation of any pledges which may have an adverse effect on the rights or benefits of Baoding Shengde under
the agreement. The Dongfang Paper shareholders also promise to comply with the laws and regulations relevant to the pledges under the
agreement and to facilitate in good faith the protection of the ability of Baoding Shengde to exercise its rights under the agreement.
The terms of the share pledge agreement remains in effect until all the obligations under the other management agreements have been fulfilled,
whether or not the terms of the other management agreements have expired. 

(iv) Proxy
 Agreement 

The
proxy agreement, entered into by and between Baoding Shengde, Dongfang Paper and the shareholders of Dongfang Paper, provides that the
Dongfang Paper shareholders shall irrevocably entrust a designee of Baoding Shengde with such shareholder s voting rights and the
right to represent such shareholder to exercise his or her rights at any shareholder s meeting of Dongfang Paper or with respect
to any shareholder action to be taken in accordance with the laws and Dongfang Paper s Articles of Association. The terms of the
agreement are binding on the parties for as long as the Dongfang Paper shareholders continue to hold any equity interest in Dongfang
Paper. Dongfang Paper shareholder will cease to be a party to the agreement once it transfers its equity interests with the prior approval
of Baoding Shengde. 

On
June 24, 2009, Zhao Tianqing, the sole shareholder of Shengde Holdings Inc., assigned to the Company, for good and valuable consideration,
100 shares representing 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of Shengde Holdings Inc. As a result of this assignment and the restructuring
transactions described above, Shengde Holdings Inc., Baoding Shengde, and Dongfang Paper became directly and indirectly controlled by
the Company, and Dongfang Paper continued to function as the Company s operating entity. 

2 

In
addition to controlling the operations and beneficial ownership of Dongfang Paper, Baoding Shengde also acquired a digital photo paper
production line (including two photo paper coating lines and ancillary equipment) in an asset acquisition transaction on November 25,
2009 and began directly conducting business in the PRC. We suspended production of photo paper in June 2016 and now are upgrading the
production line to produce more competitive photo paper products. 

An
agreement was entered into among Baoding Shengde, Dongfang Paper and the shareholders of Dongfang Paper on December 31, 2010, reiterating
that Baoding Shengde is entitled to the distributable profit of Dongfang Paper, pursuant to the above mentioned Exclusive Technical Service
and Business Consulting Agreement. In addition, Dongfang Paper and the shareholders of Dongfang Paper agreed that they would not declare
any of Dongfang Paper s unappropriated earnings, including any earnings of Dongfang Paper from its establishment to 2010 and thereafter,
as dividend. 

The
contractual agreements described above have not been tested in a court of law. 

The
diagram below illustrates our corporate structure and contractual arrangements with respect to each of our subsidiaries and consolidated
VIE and the place of incorporation of each named entity as of the date of this annual report: 

3 

The
following diagram sets forth the current ownership of Dongfang Paper: 

Our
subsidiaries and the VIE in which our operations are conducted include: 

Baoding
Shengde Paper Co., Ltd. Baoding Shengde is a PRC entity that is 100 indirectly owned by the Company. Baoding Shengde
has entered into VIE agreements with the VIE identified below. 

Each
of the following, which are PRC companies that are consolidated with the Company: 

1. Hebei
Baoding Dongfang Paper Milling Co., Ltd. Dongfang Paper is a PRC entity that entered into VIE Agreements with Baoding
Shengde; Dongfang Paper is the VIE. 

2. Hebei
Tengsheng Paper Co., Ltd. Tengsheng is a PRC entity that is 100 owned by Dongfang Paper. 

QianrongQianHui
Hebei Technology Co., Ltd. Qianrong is a PRC entity, incorporated on July 15, 2021, that is 100 indirectly owned by
the Company. 

Shengde
Holdings Inc., a Nevada company and our wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary, and Dongfang Zhiye Holding Limited, a British Virgin Islands company,
are subsidiaries outside of China. Dongfang Zhiye Holding Limited has been inactive since 2010. 

4 

Recent Regulatory Developments 

On
January 4, 2022, the Cyberspace Administration of China, or CAC, issued the revised Measures on Cyberspace Security Review (the Revised
Measures ), which came into effect on February 15, 2022. Under the Revised Measures, any network platform operator 
controlling personal information of no less than one million users which seeks to list in a foreign stock exchange should also be subject
to cyber security review. 

We
do not believe we are network platform operator who control over one million personal information as mentioned above; as
such, we believe we are currently not be subject to the cyber security review by the CAC. However, the definition of network platform
operator is unclear and it is also unclear on how it will be interpreted and implemented by the relevant PRC governmental authorities.
See Risk factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in China Our business may be subject to a variety
of PRC laws and other obligations regarding cyber security and data protection . 

On
July 6, 2021, the relevant PRC governmental authorities made public the Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down Illegal Securities Activities
in Accordance with the Law. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and
the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies and proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction
of relevant regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies. As these opinions
are recently issued, official guidance and related implementation rules have not been issued yet and the interpretation of these opinions
remains unclear at this stage. See Risk Factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in China While the
approval and/or other requirements of the CSRC or other PRC governmental authorities are currently not required, they may be required,
in connection with our oversea listing under PRC rules, regulations or policies, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or how soon
we will be able to obtain such approval . As of the date of this annual report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning,
or sanctions regarding listing abroad or offshore offering from the CSRC or any other PRC governmental authorities. 

We
believe that we are currently not required to obtain any permission or approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC and Cyberspace Administration of China CAC in the PRC to issue securities to foreign investors. However, there is no
guarantee that this will continue to be the case in the future in relation to any future offerings of our company or the continued listing
of our company s securities on the NYSE American, or even in the event such permission or approval is required and obtained, it
will not be subsequently revoked or rescinded. If we do not receive or maintain the approvals, or we inadvertently conclude that such
approvals are not required, or applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change such that we are required to obtain approval in
the future, we may be subject to an investigation by competent regulators, fines or penalties, or an order prohibiting us from conducting
an offering, and these risks could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the value of our securities, significantly
limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, or cause such securities to significantly
decline in value or become worthless. 

On
February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Trial Administrative Measures for Administration of Overseas Securities Offerings and Listings
by Domestic Companies (the Trial Measures and five supporting guidelines, which will come into effect on March 31, 2023.
Pursuant to the Trial Measures, domestic companies that seek to offer or list securities overseas, both directly and indirectly, should
fulfill the filing procedures and report relevant information to the CSRC. If a domestic company fails to complete the filing procedures
or conceals any material fact or falsifies any major content in its filing documents, such domestic company may be subject to administrative
penalties by the CSRC, such as order to rectify, warnings, fines, and its controlling shareholders, actual controllers, the person directly
in charge and other directly liable persons may also be subject to administrative penalties, such as warnings and fines. As a listed
company, we believe that we, all of our PRC Subsidiaries, the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary are not required to fulfill filing
procedures and obtain approvals from the CSRC to continue to offer our securities or operate business of the consolidated VIE and its
subsidiary as of the date of this annual report. In addition, to date, none of us, our PRC Subsidiaries, the consolidated VIE and its
subsidiary has received any filing or compliance requirements from CSRC for the listing of the Company at NYSE American and all of its
overseas offerings. Furthermore, based on our understanding of the current PRC laws, we believe that the CSRC s approval is not
required to be obtained for the Company s listing on NYSE American; however, there are substantial uncertainties regarding the
interpretation and application of the Regulation on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors M A
Rules ), other PRC Laws and future PRC laws and regulations, and there can be no assurance that any governmental agency will not
take a view that is contrary to or otherwise different from our belief stated herein. See Risk Factors Risk Factors
Relating to Doing Business in China The CSRC has released the Trial Measures for Administration of Overseas Securities
Offerings and Listings by Domestic Companies (the Trial Measures ). While such rules have not yet gone into effect, the
Chinese government may exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based
issuers, which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue to offer our securities to investors and could
cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless 

5 

On
December 24, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress issued Law of the People s Republic of China
on the Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution (the Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution Law ), which became effective
on June 5, 2022. According to the Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution Law, entities subject to the pollutant discharge licensing
management requirements shall not emit industrial noise without a pollutant discharge permit and shall prevent and control noise pollution
according to the requirements of the pollutant discharge permit. The noise pollution has been included in the Pollution Discharge Permit,
and we conduct quarterly test on the noise through qualified testing institutions to comply with the laws, which is required by laws. 

Consolidation 

We
conduct substantially all of our business in China through Dongfang Paper, the VIE, due to PRC legal restrictions of foreign ownership
in certain sectors. Substantially most of IT Tech Packaging s revenues, costs and net income in China are directly or indirectly
generated through the VIE. IT Tech Packaging, through Baoding Shengde, has signed various agreements with the VIE and shareholders of
the VIE to allow the transfer of economic benefits from the VIE to Baoding Shengde and to direct the activities of the VIE. 

Total assets and liabilities
presented on IT Tech Packaging s consolidated balance sheets and revenue, expense, net income presented on consolidated statement
of operations and comprehensive income as well as the cash flow from operating, investing and financing activities presented on the consolidated
statement of cash flows are substantially the financial position, operation and cash flow of the VIE. As of December 31, 2022, our variable
interest entity accounted for an aggregate of 88.54 and 72.59 of our total assets and total liabilities. As of December 31, 2021, our
variable interest entity accounted for an aggregate of 84.13 and 69.51 of our total assets and total liabilities. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, 7,612,294 and 2,058,841 of cash and cash equivalents were denominated in RMB, respectively. 

IT
Tech Packaging and its directly owned subsidiary, Shengde Holding, do not have any substantial assets or liabilities or result of operations.
The following table sets forth the assets, liabilities, results of operations and changes in cash, cash equivalents of the VIE, which
were included in the Company s consolidated balance sheets and statements of comprehensive income and statements of cash flows
with intercompany transactions eliminated: 

As of 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Current assets 
 33,832,930 
 33,444,699 
 
 Total non-current assets 
 147,178,884 
 169,766,341 
 
 Total Assets 
 181,011,814 
 203,211,040 
 
 Total liabilities 
 16,784,877 
 17,924,476 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 13,064,529 
 25,058,780 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (7,494,805 
 (25,071,372 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (7,074,857 
 (917,041 

6 

Distributions
and Other Transfers of Cash through our Organization 

We
are a holding company, although other means are available for us to obtain financing at the holding company level, we may receive dividends
and other distributions on equity paid by our subsidiary established in China for our cash needs, including the funds necessary to pay
dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders to the extent we choose to do so, to service any debt we may incur and to
pay our operating expenses. Our PRC Subsidiaries, consolidated VIE and its subsidiary in China are subject to restrictions on making
dividends and other payments to us. Baoding Shengde s income in turn depends on the service and other fees paid by the consolidated
VIE and its subsidiary. ITP, its subsidiaries, the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary may also transfer cash to each other as part of
the group cash management. If any of our subsidiaries, the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary incurs debt on its own behalf in the future,
the instruments governing such debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us. Current PRC regulations
permit our PRC Subsidiaries in China to pay dividends to us only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with
Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, under the applicable requirements of PRC law, our PRC Subsidiaries, consolidated
VIE and its subsidiary incorporated as companies may only distribute dividends after they have made allowances to fund certain statutory
reserves. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. 

IT
Tech Packaging conducts its business operations in China through its PRC Subsidiaries and Dongfang Paper, the VIE. If needed, IT Tech
Packaging can transfer cash to the PRC Subsidiaries through loans and/or capital contributions, and the PRC Subsidiaries can transfer
cash to IT Tech Packaging through issuing dividends or other distributions. The PRC Subsidiaries can transfer cash to the VIE through
intercompany loans and capital contributions, and the VIE can transfer cash to the PRC Subsidiaries as services fees under the VIE contractual
arrangements. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the cash flows occurred between IT Tech Packaging, its subsidiaries and the VIE included
(i) funding through Shengde Holdings Inc. to Baoding Shengde, with an amount of 6,500,000 as capital contributions; (ii) Baoding Shengde
loans to Dongfang Paper with total amount of 1,727,644; (iii) Baoding Shengde loans to Tengsheng Paper with total amount of 1,923,845;
and (iv) funding through Shengde Holdings Inc. to Qianrong, with an amount of 3,500,000 as capital contributions. We do not have an
established cash management policy that dictates how funds are transferred between us, our subsidiaries, consolidated VIE and its subsidiary.
We do not, at this time, intend to distribute earnings or settle amounts owed under the VIE Agreements. 

Current
PRC regulations permit the PRC Subsidiaries to pay dividends to its shareholders only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined
in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. The PRC Subsidiaries are required to set aside 10 of its after-tax profits
to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered capital if it distributes its after-tax profits for the
current financial year. For details, see Risk Factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in China We may
rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have,
and any limitation on the ability of our PRC Subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability
to conduct our business. In addition, cash transfers from IT Tech Packaging are subject to applicable PRC laws and regulations
on loans and direct investment. For details, see Risk Factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in China 
PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion
may delay us from making loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC Subsidiaries, which could materially and adversely affect
our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business . 

7 

In
addition, the PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the
remittance of currency out of China. IT Tech Packaging receives a significant portion of its revenues in Renminbi. Under IT Tech Packaging s
current corporate structure, IT Tech Packaging s Nevada holding company may rely on dividend payments from the PRC Subsidiaries
to fund any cash and financing requirements it may have. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account
items, including profit distributions, interest payments and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in
foreign currencies without prior approval of State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, by complying with certain procedural
requirements. However, approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required where Renminbi is to be converted
into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies.
As a result, we need to obtain SAFE approval to use cash generated from the operations of the PRC Subsidiaries and VIE to pay off their
respective debt in a currency other than Renminbi owed to entities outside China, or to make other capital expenditure payments outside
China in a currency other than Renminbi. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies
to satisfy our foreign currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to its shareholders. See Risk
Factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in China Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability
to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment . In order to secure the amounts owed under the
VIE agreements, the VIE and its shareholders entered into a share pledge agreement with Baoding Shengde, pursuant to which if the VIE
fails to pay the service fees to the Baoding Shengde pursuant to the exclusive technical service and business consulting agreement or
fails to perform their other obligations under the other management agreement, Baoding Shengde is entitled to dispose of the pledged
equity interests in the VIE. 

IT
Tech Packaging declared and paid four quarterly cash dividends to its U.S. investors in April 2012 and November 2013. As of the date
of this annual report, other than those cash dividends, none of IT Tech Packaging s subsidiaries have ever issued any dividends
or made other distributions to IT Tech Packaging or their respective holding companies nor has IT Tech Packaging or any of IT Tech Packaging s
subsidiaries ever paid dividends or made other distributions to U.S. investors. IT Tech Packaging currently intend to retain all future
earnings to finance its operations and to expand its business. As a result, IT Tech Packaging does not expect to pay any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. 

Holding
Foreign Company Accountable Act HFCAA 

Our
common stock may be delisted from the NYSE American under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act HFCAA ), if the
PCAOB is unable to adequately inspect audit documentation located in China, or investigate our auditor. Furthermore, on June 22, 2021,
the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which was signed into law on December 29, 2022, amends
the HFCAA and requires the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not
subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three. Our auditor, WWC, P.C., Certified Public Accountants, is a U.S.-based
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB, and is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections
to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor is headquartered in the United States and is subject
to inspection by the PCAOB on a regular basis with the last inspection in November 2021. On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed the Protocol
with the CSRC and the MOF of the People s Republic of China, governing inspections and investigations of audit firms based in mainland
China and Hong Kong. The Protocol remains unpublished and is subject to further explanation and implementation. Pursuant to the fact
sheet with respect to the Protocol disclosed by the SEC, the PCAOB shall have independent discretion to select any issuer audits for
inspection or investigation and the unfettered ability to transfer information to the SEC. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced
that it was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in China
mainland and Hong Kong completely in 2022. The PCAOB Board vacated its previous 2021 determinations that the PCAOB was unable to inspect
or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in China mainland and Hong Kong. However, whether the PCAOB
will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in China mainland
and Hong Kong is subject to uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our, and our auditor s control. The PCAOB is
continuing to demand complete access in China mainland and Hong Kong moving forward and is already making plans to resume regular inspections
in early 2023 and beyond, as well as to continue pursuing ongoing investigations and initiate new investigations as needed. The PCAOB
has indicated that it will act immediately to consider the need to issue new determinations with the HFCAA if needed. Therefore, the
PCAOB in the future may determine that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms in mainland
China and Hong Kong. Our auditor s working papers related to us and the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary are located in China.
If our auditor is not permitted to provide requested audit work papers located in China to the PCAOB, investors would be deprived of
the benefits of PCAOB s oversight of our auditor through such inspections which could result in limitation or restriction to our
access to the U.S. capital markets and trading of our securities may be prohibited under the HFCAA, which would result in the delisting
of our securities from the NYSE American. 

8 

See
 Risk Factors Risks Associated with Our Company Our common stock may be delisted from the NYSE American under the
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB is unable to adequately inspect audit documentation located in China. The delisting
of our common stock, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Investing
in our securities involves significant risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider all of the information in this annual report
before making an investment in our securities. Below please find a summary of the principal risks we face, organized under relevant headings.
These risks are discussed more fully in the section titled Risk Factors. 

Risks Relating to our Business 

Our
 business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected
 by global health epidemics, including the COVID-19 outbreak. 

Our
 operating history may not serve as an adequate basis to judge our future prospects and results
 of operations. 

Dongfang
 Paper and Baoding Shengde s failure to compete effectively may adversely affect our
 ability to generate revenue. 

We
 may not be able to effectively control and manage our growth. 

We,
 through our subsidiaries, may engage in future acquisitions that could dilute the ownership
 interests of our stockholders and cause us to incur debt and assume contingent liabilities. 

We
 are responsible for the indemnification of our officers and directors. 

We
 are dependent on certain key personnel and loss of these key personnel could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
 may not be able to hire and retain qualified personnel to support our growth and if we are
 unable to retain or hire these personnel in the future, our ability to improve our products
 and implement our business objectives could be adversely affected. 

Our
 operating results may fluctuate as a result of factors beyond our control. 

We
 face risks related to product liability claims. 

Our
 operating results also depend on the availability and pricing of energy and raw materials. 

A
 material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting
 customer demand, reduce our sales, and/or negatively affect our net income. 

Our
 certificates, permits, and licenses related to our papermaking operations are subject to
 governmental control and renewal and failure to obtain renewal will cause all or part of
 our operations to be terminated. 

Compliance
 with environmental regulations is expensive, and noncompliance may result in adverse publicity
 and potentially significant monetary damages and fines or suspension of our business operations. 

9 

If
 we are unable to respond to pricing pressures, our business may be harmed. 

Our
 failure to protect our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position,
 and external infringements of our intellectual property rights may adversely affect our business. 

We
 may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims or other allegations, which may
 materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and prospects. 

Risks
Related To Doing Business in the PRC 

The
 PRC government has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of a PRC company s
 business operations or to exert control over any offering of securities conducted overseas
 and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may intervene with or influence our
 operations, may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
 to investors, and may cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless,
 as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. 

The
 CSRC has released the Trial Measures for Administration of Overseas Securities Offerings
 and Listings by Domestic Companies (the Trial Measures ). While such rules have
 not yet gone into effect, the Chinese government may exert more oversight and control over
 offerings that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based issuers, which
 could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue to offer our securities
 to investors and could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become
 worthless. 

Recent
 greater oversight by the Cyberspace Administration of China, or the CAC, over
 data security, particularly for companies seeking to list on a foreign exchange, could adversely
 impact the business of us, the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary and investing in our securities. 

Our
 business may be subject to a variety of PRC laws and other obligations regarding cybersecurity
 and data protection. 

Changes
 in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we
 may be able to conduct in the PRC and the profitability of such business. 

The
 PRC laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and
 uncertain. Any changes in such PRC laws and regulations may harm our business. 

A
 slowdown, inflation or other adverse developments in the PRC economy may harm our customers
 and the demand for our services and products. 

We
 may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund
 any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our
 PRC Subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability
 to conduct our business. 

Our
 PRC Subsidiaries, consolidated VIE and its subsidiary in China are subject to restrictions
 on making dividends and other payments to us or any other affiliated company. 

Governmental
 control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively
 and affect the value of investors investment. 

10 

PRC
 regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies
 and governmental control of currency conversion may delay us from making loans or additional
 capital contributions to our PRC Subsidiaries, which could materially and adversely affect
 our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

The
 fluctuation of the Renminbi may harm your investment. 

Failure
 to comply with PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose
 companies by PRC residents may materially adversely affect us. 

While
 the approval and/or other requirements of the CSRC or other PRC governmental authorities
 are currently not required, they may be required, in connection with our oversea listing
 under PRC rules, regulations or policies, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or
 how soon we will be able to obtain such approval. 

The
 M A Rules and certain other PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions
 of Chinese companies by foreign investors, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue
 growth through acquisitions in China. 

The
 PRC s legal and judicial system may not adequately protect our business and operations
 and the rights of foreign investors. 

Because
 our principal assets are located outside of the United States and most of our directors and
 officers reside outside of the United States, it may be difficult for you to effect service
 of legal process, enforce your rights based on U.S. federal securities laws against us and
 our officers or to enforce U.S. court judgment against us or them in the PRC. 

It
 may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigation or collect evidence within
 China. 

Risks
Related to Our Corporate Structure 

Our
 current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the newly enacted
 Foreign Investment Law. 

Any
 failure by our consolidated VIE or their shareholders to perform their obligations under
 our contractual arrangements with them would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

In
 order to comply with PRC regulatory requirements, we operate our businesses through companies
 with which we have contractual relationships but in which we do not have controlling ownership. 

Because
 we rely on the consulting services agreement with Dongfang Paper for essentially all of our
 revenue and cash flows, any difficulty for Dongfang Paper to pay consulting fees to Baoding
 Shengde under the consulting agreement may have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

If
 the PRC government determines that the contractual agreements constituting part of our VIE
 structure do not comply with applicable PRC regulations, or if these regulations change or
 are interpreted differently in the future, we may be unable to assert our contractual rights
 over the assets of the VIE, and our common stock may decline in value. 

The
 contractual arrangements under a VIE Structure may not be as effective as direct ownership
 in respect of our relationship with the VIE, and thus, we may incur substantial costs to
 enforce the terms of the arrangements, which we may not be able to enforce at all. 

The
 shareholders of Dongfang Paper may have actual or potential conflicts of interests with us,
 which may adversely affect our business. 

11 

We
 may lose the ability to use and enjoy assets held by the VIE that are material to the operation
 of our business if the entity goes bankrupt or becomes subject to a dissolution or liquidation
 proceeding. 

Our
 arrangements with Dongfang Paper and its shareholders may be subject to a transfer pricing
 adjustment by the PRC tax authorities which could have an adverse effect on our income and
 expenses. 

We
 may lose the ability to use, or otherwise benefit from, the licenses, approvals and assets
 held by the VIE, which could severely disrupt our business, render us unable to conduct some
 of our business operations and constrain our growth. 

The
 exercise of our option to purchase part or all of the equity interests in Dongfang Paper
 under the Call Option Agreement might be subject to approval by the PRC government. Our failure
 to obtain this approval may impair our ability to substantially control Dongfang Paper and
 could result in actions by Dongfang Paper that conflict with our interests. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
 common stock may be delisted from the NYSE American under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
 Act if the PCAOB is unable to adequately inspect audit documentation located in China. The
 delisting of our common stock, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and
 adversely affect the value of your investment.. 

If
 we fail to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 in a timely manner,
 our business could be harmed and our stock price could decline. 

If
 we become directly subject to the scrutiny involving U.S. listed Chinese companies, we may
 have to expend significant resources to investigate and/or defend the matter, which could
 harm our business operations, stock price and reputation. 

Our
 officers and directors control us through their positions and stock ownership and their interests
 may differ from other stockholders. 

We
 may not continue to pay cash dividends and any return on investment may be limited to the
 value of our common stock. 

Impact
of COVID-19 on Our Operations and Financial Performance 

Outbreaks
of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious diseases such as COVID-19, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. The spread of COVID-19 has resulted in the World Health Organization declaring the outbreak of COVID-19 as a global
pandemic. Substantially all of our revenues and workforce are concentrated in China. In response to the intensifying efforts to contain
the spread of COVID-19, the Chinese government took a number of actions, which included extending the Chinese New Year holiday, quarantining
individuals suspected of having COVID-19, asking residents in China to stay at home and to avoid public gathering, among other things. 

On
the basis of scientific assessment of the characteristics of the virus and the pandemic situation, as well as reference to the prevention
practices of other countries, at the end of 2022, the Chinese government refined its COVID-19 prevention and control measures and stopped
conducting nucleic acid testing for all residents. By the end of 2022, vaccination rate has exceeded 90 . And normal life is returning.
Under such circumstances, the government has taken positive service measures, including tax incentives, bank loan and financial support,
etc, to support domestic enterprises to overcome difficulties. The market consolidation will be expedited eventually. 

Since
we resumed business operations after the outbreak of COVID-19, the Company kept continuous attention on the development of the COVID-19
pandemic and reacted actively to its impact on the financial position and operating results of the Company. As of the date of the annual
report, COVID-19 s adverse impacts on the company s financial position and operating result as of December 31, 2022 were
limited. 

12 

Our
Business 

We,
through our PRC Subsidiaries and VIE, engage in production and distribution of three categories of paper products: corrugating medium
paper, offset printing paper, tissue paper products and medical face masks in China. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at Science Park, Juli Road, Xushui District, Baoding City, Hebei Province, People s Republic
of China. 

Our
telephone number is (86) 312-869-8215. Our website is located at https://www.itpackaging.cn. 

Manufacturing
Process 

Corrugating
Medium Paper and Offset Printing Paper 

Our
current products (excluding tissue paper products) generally undergo two stages of manufacturing: (1) creating pulp from recycled paper
products, and (2) treating the pulp and molding it into the desired types of paper products. A brief overview of the pulp and papermaking
process is provided below. 

Pulping 

The
recycled waste paper is first sorted by machine, and then broken down and beaten or smashed into small pieces using water and mechanical
energy. It is then put through a course screening drum, followed by a fine screening drum to separate different grades of pulp, a process
that we refer as concentration . In order to purify the pulp further, an approach flow system is used to filter out any
impurities or inconsistencies, such as sand, in the pulp. 

Paper
Making 

The
pulp is sieved to remove the excess water and molded into a specific size. The moisture content is further reduced by applying hydraulic
pressure to the pulp. The pulp then enters the drying section where it is rolled over by heated cylinders. The dried paper is then coated
with a mixture of clay, white pigment and binder to produce a surface on which ink can sit without being fully absorbed, enabling crisper,
and more consistent print quality. 

The
paper goes through a process called calendaring, which flattens and smoothens the paper into long sheets. The paper is then wound onto
a reel that is mounted in a roll-slitting machine for rewinding, during which cutters are used to cut the paper into the desired widths.
Upon completion, the rolls are fitted with sleeves and labeled, and then sent to quality control before shipment or storage. 

13 

Base
Tissue Paper 

While
we make tissue paper products, we currently purchase paper pulp from suppliers and use it to manufacture base tissue paper directly. 

Products 

Corrugating
medium paper 

Corrugating
medium paper, or CMP is used in the manufacturing of cardboard. Since the launch of our new Paper Machine PM6 production
line in December 2011, corrugating medium paper has become a major product of the Company. For the year ended December 31, 2022, corrugating
medium paper comprised approximately 99.42 of our total paper production quantities and roughly 98.38 of our total revenue. Raw materials
used in the production of corrugating medium paper include recycled paper board (or Old Corrugating Cardboard or OCC, as
it is commonly referred to in the United States) and certain supplementary agents. In January 2013, we suspended the operation of our
PM1 production line for renovation, which was then used to produce corrugating medium paper. In May 2014, we launched the commercial
production of a renovated PM1 production line. The renovated PM1 production line produces light-weight corrugating medium paper with
a specification of 40 to 80 grams per square meter g/s/m ). PM1 s light-weight corrugating medium paper products
have a wide range of commercial applications. For example, they can be used as a construction material for wall and floor insulation
or to manufacture moisture-proof packaging materials for the transportation of books and magazines by the publishing industry. It can
also be used as corrugating medium to make corrugating cardboard for packaging that requires light-weight boxes. The manufacturing process
of light-weight corrugating medium paper is similar to that of the regular corrugating medium paper and also uses recycled paper boards
as a major source of raw material. We now have two corrugating medium paper production lines, PM6 and PM1. We refer to products produced
from the PM6 production line as Regular CMP and products produced from the PM1 production line as Light-Weight CMP. 

Offset
printing paper 

Offset
printing paper is used for offset printing in the publishing industry. Revenue from offset printing paper was nil for the year ended
December 31, 2022. Raw materials used in making offset printing paper include recycled white scrap paper, fluorescent whitening agent
and sizing agent. We currently have two production lines, PM2 and PM3, for the production of offset printing paper. 

Tissue
Paper Products 

We
began the commercial production of tissue paper products in Wei County Industry Park in June 2015. We process base tissue paper purchased
from long-term cooperative third party and produce finished tissue paper products, including toilet paper, boxed and soft-packed tissues,
handkerchief tissues and paper napkins, as well as bathroom and kitchen paper towels that are marketed and sold under the Dongfang Paper
brand. In December 2018 and November 2019, we completed the construction, installation and test of operation of PM8 and PM9, respectively,
and commercially launched tissue paper production of PM8 and PM9 at such time. On May 5, 2020, the Company announced it planned the commercial
launch of a new tissue paper production line PM10 and the Company entered into an agreement to purchase paper machine with paper machine
supplier. The Company expected the new tissue paper production line to be launched after the completion of trial run. The machine supplier
was delayed because of pandemic. We are closely following up the provider for further actions. Tissue paper products comprised approximately
0.58 of our total paper production quantities and approximately 1.36 of our total sales revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Face
Masks 

On
April 29, 2020, we launched a production line of non-medical single-use face masks, following the completion of raw materials preparation,
trial run of the equipment and the sample products inspection. In May 2021, the Company obtained the license for its new single-use surgical
masks from local food and drug administration in Hebei province, and began commercial production in November 2021. 

14 

Market
for our Products 

The
PRC Paper Making Industry 

According
to the 2021 China Paper Industry Annual Report, issued by the China Paper Association, there were approximately 2,500 paper and paper
board manufacturers in China, with a total output of 121.05 million tonnes, up by 7.50 from 112.60 million tonnes in 2020. Total domestic
consumption was 126.48 million tonnes in 2021, up by 6.94 from 118.27 million tonnes in 2020. 

The
output of paper and paper board maintained an average growth rate of approximately 1.87 during the ten-year period from 2012 to 2021,
while consumption increased at an average annual rate of 2.59 . The growth is expected to continue. It is estimated that China currently
has the largest paper and paper board products output and consumption in the world. (Data source: 2021Annual Report of China Paper
Manufacturing, May 2022,China Paper Association) 

Unit:
Million tons 

Data
source: 2021 Annual Report of China s Paper Industry, May 2022, China Paper Association 

Corrugating
medium paper production in China totaled 26.85 million tonnes in 2021, a 12.34 increase from 2020. Consumption of corrugating medium
paper in China amounted to 29.77 million tonnes in 2021, an increase of 7.24 as compared to 2020. 

Uncoated
offset printing paper production in China totaled 17.20 million tonnes in 2021, a 0.58 decrease from 2019. Consumption of uncoated offset
printing paper in China amounted to 17.93 million tonnes in 2021, an increase of 0.56 as compared to 2020. 

The
paper making industry in China is concentrated in the east coast provinces. The largest paper production capacities by province for 2021
and 2020 (the most recent year for which relevant information is available) are summarized in the table below. The three provinces with
largest capacities showed moderate increases in paper production capacities; provinces with smaller capacities, such as, Chongqing, Hebei
and Sichuan, showed noticeable increases as well. 

2020 Capacity 
 2021 Capacity 

Province 
 (10k tonnes) 
 (10k tonnes) 
 Change 
 
 Shandong 
 1,920 
 2,035 
 5.99 
 
 Guangdong 
 2,012 
 1,970 
 2.09 
 
 Jiangsu 
 1,402 
 1,415 
 0.93 
 
 Zhejiang 
 1,149 
 1,050 
 (8.62 
 
 Fujian 
 777 
 845 
 8.75 
 
 Henan 
 532 
 672 
 26.32 
 
 Hubei 
 427 
 570 
 33.49 
 
 Chongqing 
 352 
 423 
 20.17 
 
 Hebei 
 317 
 408 
 28.71 
 
 Sichuan 
 313 
 389 
 24.28 

Data
Sources: 2021 Annual Report of China s Paper Industry, May 2022, China Paper Association 

15 

Customers 

We
generally sell our corrugating medium paper to companies making corrugating cardboards and offset printing paper to printing companies.
Our largest customer is a packaging company in Hebei Province. Our total corrugating medium and offset printing paper revenue in 2022
was primarily derived from customers in Hebei Province and Shandong Province. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, three major customers who individually accounted for more than 5 of our total sales revenue are as
follows: 

2022 

Sales Amount 

(USD , net of 
 of 

applicable 
 Total 

VAT) 
 Revenue 
 
 Company A (Hebei) 
 6,712,210 
 6.69 
 
 Company B (Shandong) 
 6,126,070 
 6.10 
 
 Company C (Hebei) 
 5,670,453 
 5.65 
 
 Total Major Customers 
 1,8,508,733 
 18.44 

Seven
of our top-ten customers of 2022 are also in the top-ten customer list in 2021, representing 78.48 of the 2021 top-ten customer sales. 

Target
Market 

We
target corporate customers in the middle range of the marketplace, where, with solid quality and competitive pricing, we see potential
for high volume growth for corrugating medium paper and offset printing paper. Our primary market has been the region of North China,
especially in the province of Hebei. 

Our
Production Lines 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had six PM production lines in operation and are in the process of launching one more that are designated
as PM7. These production lines include the followings: 

PM# 
 
 Paper
 Product 
 Produced 
 
 Designed
 Capacity (tonnes/year) 
 
 Owned by 
 
 Operated
 by 
 
 Status
 as of December 31, 2022 
 
 PM1 
 
 Corrugating Medium Paper 
 
 60,000 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 In production 
 
 PM2 
 
 Offset Printing Paper 
 
 50,000 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 In production 
 
 PM3 
 
 Offset Printing Paper 
 
 40,000 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 In production 
 
 PM4 
 
 Digital Photo Paper 

Baoding Shengde 
 
 Baoding Shengde 
 
 Suspended in June 2016 due to low market demand 
 
 PM5 
 
 Digital Photo Paper 

Baoding Shengde 
 
 Baoding Shengde 
 
 Suspended in June 2016 due to low market demand 
 
 PM6 
 
 Corrugating Medium Paper 
 
 360,000 
 
 Baoding Shengde 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 In production 
 
 PM7 
 
 Specialty paper 
 
 10,000 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 Under renovation and preparing for launch by the end of 2023 
 
 PM8 
 
 Tissue paper 
 
 15,000 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 In production 
 
 PM9 
 
 Tissue paper 
 
 15,000 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 In production. 
 
 PM10 
 
 Tissue paper 
 
 20,000 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 In construction 

: Paper machines under renovation, under construction, or in
the planning stage. 

: PM6
is funded and owned by Baoding Shengde; ancillary facilities that support the PM6 operation are built and owned by Dongfang Paper. 

16 

On
December 31, 2009, we acquired a digital photo paper production line, including two coating lines that are designated as PM4 and PM5
and ancillary equipment, for a total purchase price of approximately 13.6 million. We suspended production of photo paper in June 2016. 

In
order to meet the growing domestic demand for paper, which we believe currently exceeds domestic supply in the case of corrugating medium
paper, especially in the region of North China, we installed a corrugating medium paper production line (PM6) with a designed capacity
of 360,000 tonnes per year. We completed the installation of the PM6 production line in November 2011 and began commercial production
in December 2011. 

We
have implemented a plan to renovate one of the old production lines that has been idle since the end of 2007. We previously made paper
with anti-counterfeit features from that production line. When the renovation is completed, we intend to use the renovated production
line to produce high-profit margin specialty papers. Our current plan is to complete the renovation project, put in place a new production
and marketing team and launch the renovated production line as PM7 by the end of 2023. 

On
November 27, 2012, we signed a 15-year lease relating to approximately 49.4 acres of land in the Economic Development Zone in Wei County,
Hebei Province, China for the purpose of developing a new tissue paper production plant. We planned to build two tissue paper production
lines, each with 15,000 tonnes/year capacity, and other packaging facilities and infrastructures on the leased land. In December 2012,
we signed a contract with an equipment contractor in Shanghai to build PM8, the first of our two tissue paper production lines in Wei
County. In December 2018 and November 2019, we completed the construction, installation and test of operation of PM8 and PM9, respectively
and commercially launched tissue paper productions of PM8 and PM9 at such time. On May 5, 2020, the Company announced it planned the
commercial launch of a new tissue paper production line PM10 and the Company signed an agreement to purchase paper machine with paper
machine supplier. The Company expected the new tissue paper production line to be launched after the completion of trial run. 

We
voluntarily renovated our 150,000 tonnes/year corrugating medium paper PM1 in anticipation of increased regulatory concerns on energy
efficiencies as well as to improve the quality of our corrugating medium products. Rather than converting PM1 to a regular corrugating
medium paper machine, we decided in 2013 that, based on the market conditions and our waste water treatment capability, the better option
was to convert PM1 to produce Light-Weight CMP with a specification of 40 to 80 grams per square meter g/s/m with a designed
capacity of 60,000 tonnes/year. We started the renovation in January 2013 and launched commercial production of the renovated PM1 production
line in May 2014. 

Raw
Materials and Principal Suppliers 

The
supplies used in our production processes are comprised mainly of recycled paper board and unprinted recycled white scrap paper, both
of which are ready-to-use items and available from multiple domestic and foreign sources. We currently purchase all of our recycled paper
supplies from some domestic recycling stations and do not rely on imported recycled paper. We also purchase gas and chemical agents from
nearby suppliers. Ongoing inflationary pressures and higher demand for recycled paper could lead to an increase in our costs of raw materials
and production, which we may or may not be able to pass to our customers. 

We
sign annual raw materials supplier contracts with our suppliers. Although we have contracts with our suppliers, these contracts do not
lock-in the purchase price of our raw materials or provide hedge against the fluctuation in the market price of these raw materials.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had two large suppliers which accounted for approximately 76 and 15 of our total purchases,
respectively. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, three major suppliers who individually accounted for more than 5 of our total purchase are as follows: 

2022 

Purchase 
 of 

Amount 
 Total 

(USD 
 Purchase 
 
 Company A (Hebei) 
 66,560,547 
 76 
 
 Company B (Hebei) 
 12,955,766 
 15 
 
 Company C (Hebei) 
 4,864,447 
 6 
 
 Total Major Suppliers 
 84,103,790 
 97 

17 

Competition 

Dongfang
Paper s main competitors are: Chenming Paper Group Limited, Huatai Group Limited, Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited and Sun
Paper Group Limited. A number of our competitors are public entities with larger capacities, broader customer bases and greater financial
resources than those available to us. The businesses of our primary competitors are briefly described below: 

Chenming
Paper Group, Ltd. Chenming ), based in Shandong Province (located in northeast China), produces primarily news print paper
and art paper (high quality, heavy and two-side coated printing paper). Chenming is believed to be the first company to have listed on
all three stock exchanges in China: Renminbi A-shares and foreign currency B-shares in Shenzhen, the smaller of the mainland s
two stock exchanges, and H-shares in Hong Kong. Chenming has annual production capacity of 8.5 million tonnes for its coated wood-free
paper product and is believed to rank among the top 500 enterprises in China. 

Huatai
Group, Ltd. Huatai ), based in Shandong Province (located in the northern part of the eastern coastal region of China),
primarily produces newsprint, fine paper, special printing paper, coated board and tissue paper. Huatai is the first Shandong papermaker
to publicly list its stock and has become a famous brand in China. Its annual paper production is estimated to have reached 4 million
tonnes. 

Nine
Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited ND Paper ), based in Guangdong Province (located in southern China), is the largest paper
manufacturer in China and primarily produces craft paper and high-strength corrugating medium paper with annual capacity of 13 million
tonnes. ND Paper has reported that it has five production lines in the city of Tianjin with a total designed capacity of 2.15 million
tonnes, producing products such as craft paper, high strength corrugating medium paper and grey-back duplex board. 

Sun
Paper Group, Ltd., based in Shandong Province, primarily produces card paper, whiteboard paper and art paper. It also produces alkaline
peroxide mechanical pulp, sourced in part from wood chips harvested by the company s poplar plantations. This company has reported
that it has an aggregate annual production capacity of paper and pulp of approximately 5.7 million tonnes and has been listed on the
Shenzhen Stock Exchange since 2006. 

With
the exceptions of Chenming and ND Paper, which may compete directly with us in the offset printing paper market and the corrugating medium
paper market, respectively, in the Beijing/Tianjin/greater Hebei regions, we believe that we face only indirect competition from the
above-listed companies, either because we have a different product assortment from these companies, or because, to the extent they do
offer products similar to ours, the transportation costs and storage costs make it difficult for these companies to compete effectively
with us on pricing. 

Our
Competitive Edge 

Regional
advantage (Northern China) . We believe that Dongfang Paper is one of the leading papermaking enterprises in Hebei Province. Our proximity
to large urban centers in northern China, Beijing and Tianjin, gives us access to a large market to sell our products. 

There
are other paper manufacturers that are also located in Hebei Province (and close to metropolitan Beijing and Tianjin areas), but most
of these other manufacturers are small in scale and unable to compete with us effectively. We also compete with other large printing
paper manufacturers for Beijing printing company customers. We believe that we have cost and geographical advantages over these larger
competitors. 

Cost
advantage . Unlike some of our out-of-province competitors who must set up interim warehouses and ship products from their production
base to such interim warehouses close to their customer base in Beijing, there is no need for us to set up interim warehouses, because
we are approximately 60 miles (100 kilometers) from Beijing, the cultural center of China and our largest target market. While we do
not separately pay for transportation cost on raw material purchases, the transportation cost included in the raw material purchase prices
from our recycled paper suppliers is lower than the transportation cost paid by our competitors in the province of Shandong. Similarly,
our customers pay lower transportation cost to pick up their orders from our finished goods warehouse in Baoding than what they would
pay if they had to pick up goods from locations further away from Beijing. Tianjin, another large urban center, is also approximately
60 miles from our facilities. Baoding city itself is also home to numerous printing and packaging companies. Our geographical advantage
and easy access to low-cost raw materials allow us to implement a more flexible inventory purchase policy, lower our purchase prices
and inventory management expenses and reduce our production cost. As such, we have lower freight costs and other associated costs of
sales, which enable us to charge lower prices, if necessary, for our products. Additionally, because we buy all recycled paper raw materials
from Beijing and Tianjin, rather than from the United States or Japan, our purchase lead time is shorter as compared to manufacturers
who rely on imported recycled paper. 

18 

Research and Development 

Our
R D activities are carried out by a task force led by a group of senior managers (in charge of product development and quality control)
and by a group of selected engineers and technicians. The Company charged the time spent on the R D projects (manufacturing waste
discharge recycling, digital photo paper and tissue paper manufacturing) to R D expenses. Our R D efforts in 2022has focused
on evaluating and developing new products that are in the pipeline for 2022 and included developing and improving the manufacturing process
of Light-Weight CMP and the production and packaging technology of tissue paper. 

One
of our production lines, PM7, is under renovation. Since the fourth quarter of 2010, we have spent approximately 1.57 million in machine
parts and new components to renovate this production line, with which we expect to produce certain specialty papers, including wood-grain
deco and furniture paper, wallpaper and paper with security features (for anti-counterfeiting purposes). While we are optimistic about
the prospect of the specialty papers, we cannot guarantee the launch of the specialty paper production (which is tentatively scheduled
by the end of 2023) or the success of such renovation. 

Intellectual
Property 

The
Company has registered nine trademarks with the Trademark Bureau under the State of Administration for Industry Commerce. 

Trademark 
 
 Certificate No. 
 
 Category 
 
 Registrant 
 
 Valid Term 
 
 Shuangxing 
 
 3298963 
 
 Fax paper, thermal paper, blueprint paper, sensitized paper, spectrum sensitized paper, blueprint cloth, photographic paper, cyanotype solution, diazo paper 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 April
7, 2014 through April 6, 2024 
 
 Fangmenglai 
 
 12955328 
 
 Toilet paper, handkerchief tissues, tissues, paper napkins, paper mats, beer mats, paper place mats, printing paper (including offset paper, newsprint, books paper, bond paper, plate paper and halftone paper), coated paper 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 December 28, 2014 through December 27,
2024 
 
 Fangqingxin 
 
 12955235 
 
 Toilet paper, handkerchief tissues, tissues for makeup remover, paper napkin, tissues, paper duster cloth, paper face towels, paper table cloth, paper tablecloths, drawer liner (with or without flavor) 
 
 Dongfang Paper 
 
 December 28, 2014 through December 27, 2024 
 
 Kaimeilai 
 
 20212149 
 
 Xuan
 Paper (for traditional Chinese painting and calligraphy),
 Paper, tissue paper, watercolor paper, writing paper, printing publications, ink, painting brush,
 packaging plastic film, color box, 
 
 Baoding Shengde 
 
 July 28, 2017 through July 27, 2027 
 
 Shadow 
 
 8349821 
 
 Drying blueprint solution, diazo paper, photographic paper, sensitive paper, blueprint paper, blueprint canvas, spectral photographic plate, heliographic paper 
 
 Baoding Shengde 
 
 June 14, 2011 through June 13, 2021 
 
 Lanmeier 
 
 15635879 
 
 Paper table cover, paper pinafore, drawer lining (with flavor or not) 
 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 
 November 21, 2016 through November 20, 2026 
 
 Qingmu 
 
 15635916 
 
 Tissue paper, paper handkerchief, paper napkin, facial paper, grained paper, cardboard, white board, container board, kraft liner, corrugated medium paper (board) 
 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 
 January 7, 2016 through January 6, 2026 
 
 Rongou 
 
 20063034 
 
 Paper, tissue paper, paper handkerchief, paper napkin, facial paper, paper billboard, cleansing tissue, packaging paper or plastic bag (envelop, sachet), carton, paper box 
 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 
 July 14, 2017 through July 13, 2027 
 
 Weizun 
 
 15636093 
 
 Coasters, paper table cover, paper costers, cleansing paper 
 
 Tengsheng
Paper 
 
 February 28, 2016 through February 27, 2026 

19 

The
Company has also been granted twelve new utility patent certificates on paper manufacturing related equipment issued by the State Intellectual
Property Office, including equipment testing, screening and filtering, and mixing. 

Certificate No. 
 Description 
 Registrant 
 Valid Term 
 
 13762076 
 The utility model relates to a pulp mixing device 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 July 23, 2021 through July 23, 2031 
 
 13751681 
 The invention relates to a product processing and cutting device 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 July 23, 2021 through July 23, 2031 
 
 14357355 
 The utility model relates to a packaging equipment for pulp waste 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 October 8, 2021 through October 8, 2031 
 
 14248265 
 The utility model relates to a pulp crushing device 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 Sep. 24, 2021 through Sep. 24, 2031 
 
 14254625 
 The utility model relates to a pulp screening and separation device 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 Sep. 24, 2021 through Sep. 24, 2031 
 
 14260129 
 The utility model relates to a pulp raw material processing device 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 Sep. 24, 2021 through Sep. 24, 2031 
 
 14258926 
 The utility model relates to a forming tool for paper pulp products 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 Sep. 24, 2021 through Sep. 24, 2031 
 
 14250092 
 The utility model relates to a material mixing device for paper processing 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 Sep. 24, 2021 through Sep. 24, 2031 
 
 13477825 
 The invention relates to a pulp concentration detecting device 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 June 22, 2021 through June 22, 2031 
 
 14051723 
 The utility model relates to a recycling device for edge material used in paper processing 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 August 27, 2021 through August 27, 2031 
 
 13893004 
 The utility model relates to a pulp filter dehydration device 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 August 6, 2020 through August 6, 2031 
 
 13874156 
 The utility model relates to a storage rack for raw material used in paper processing 
 Tengsheng Paper 
 August 6, 2020 through August 6, 2031 

Domain
names 

IT
Tech Packaging has registered the internet domain name, https://www.itpackaging.cn. 

Government
Regulation 

The
testing, approval, manufacturing, labeling, advertising and marketing, post-approval safety reporting and export of our products are
extensively regulated by governmental authorities in the PRC. We are also subject to various other regulations and permit requirements
by the Chinese government. These regulations and their impact on our business are set forth in more details below. 

Environmental
Regulation 

Our
operations and facilities are subject to environmental laws and regulations stipulated by the national and the local environment protection
bureaus in the PRC. 

Since
the implementation of the State Council s Decisions on Environmental Protection Issues in 1996, the PRC paper industry
has been subject to more rigorous environmental standards. Effective January 1, 2015, a new law promulgated by the National People s
Congress of the People s Republic of China makes certain violations of the environmental laws a criminal offense. We believe that
we are one of the few major paper manufacturers in Hebei Province that have obtained a Pollution Discharge Permit. We initially received
the permit in September 1996 and, we have successfully renewed the permit each year by complying with applicable environmental requirements. 

On
December 24, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress issued Law of the People s Republic of China
on the Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution (the Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution Law ), which became effective
on June 5, 2022. According to the Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution Law, entities subject to the pollutant discharge licensing
management requirements shall not emit industrial noise without a pollutant discharge permit and shall prevent and control noise pollution
according to the requirements of the pollutant discharge permit. The noise pollution has been included in the Pollution Discharge Permit,
and we conduct quarterly test on the noise through qualified testing institutions to comply with the laws, which is required by laws. 

20 

Waste Water Treatment 

Dongfang
Paper uses a multi-level water recycling process. Waste water from the pulping process is fed into collection pools, where it is divided
into two parts, water and recovered pulp fiber. The latter is returned to the pulping process. 

Chemical
agents are added to the waste water, and the waste water is fed into a biogas reactor and filtering pools, producing purified water and
depositing sludge. Most of the purified water is recycled to produce corrugating medium paper and the sludge is pumped into a sludge
pool, condensed and dehydrated. We then use the sludge as a raw material in the manufacture of corrugating medium paper. 

We
maintain computerized controls at our production facilities on a 24-hour basis to monitor compliance with environmental rules and regulations.
We are not aware of any environmental investigations, prosecutions, disputes, claims or other environmental proceedings, nor have we
been subject to any action by any environmental administration authorities of the PRC. To our knowledge, our operations meet or exceed
the existing environmental requirements of the PRC. 

Human
Capital Resources 

Employee
Profiles 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have approximately 380 full time employees, all of whom were based in PRC. As of December 31, 2022, approximately
24.7 of our current workforce is female and 75.3 male. These employees are organized into a labor union under the labor laws of the
PRC and have collective bargain power against us. We generally maintain good relations with our employees and the labor union. 

Total
Rewards 

Our
compensation program is designed to attract and reward talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business
objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals and create long-term value for our stockholders. We provide employees with
compensation packages that include base salary and annual incentive bonuses. We also provide private insurance coverage for any workplace
accident or injury for all the operators of paper milling machinery in the workshops. 

Health
and Safety 

The
success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety
and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of flexible and convenient health
and welfare programs, including benefits that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them
improve or maintain their health status; and that offer choice where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs
and the needs of their families. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant operating environment changes that
we determined were in the best interest of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which comply with government
regulations. 

Talent 

A
core tenet of our talent system is to both develop talent from within and supplement with external hires. This approach has yielded loyalty
and commitment in our employee base which in turn grows our business, our products, and our customers, while adding new employees and
external ideas supports a continuous improvement mindset and our goals of a diverse and inclusive workforce. Our human resources team
uses internal and external resources to recruit highly skilled and talented workers in the PRC, and we encourage employee referrals for
open positions. 

Available
Information 

We
are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ). The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains
an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers like our Company that
file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 

Our
Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports
(including exhibits) filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are also
available free of charge on our Internet site at https://www.itpackaging.cn as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are
electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part hereof
or incorporated into this or any of our other filings with the SEC. 

Executive
Officers 

For
information regarding our executive officers as of March 23, 2023, see Part III, Item 10, Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. 

21 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Risks
Relating to our Business 

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by global health epidemics, including the
COVID-19 pandemic. 

Outbreaks
of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious diseases such as COVID-19, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and
financial markets worldwide.. Government efforts to contain the spread of the coronavirus including lockdowns of cities, business closures,
restrictions on travel and emergency quarantines, and responses by businesses and individuals to reduce the risk of exposure to infection,
including reduced travel, cancellation of meetings and events, and implementation of work-at-home policies, have caused significant disruptions
to the global economy and normal business operations. Substantially all of our revenues and workforce are concentrated in China. In response
to the intensifying efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19, the Chinese government took a number of actions, which included extending
the Chinese New Year holiday, quarantining individuals suspected of having COVID-19, asking residents in China to stay at home and to
avoid public gathering, among other things. For the year 2022, COVID-19 caused temporary closure of our CMP production and offset printing
paper was suspended for the whole year, and as a result, our revenue of CMP decreased by 26.60 for 2022. It is, however, still unclear
how the pandemic will evolve going forward, and we cannot assure you whether the COVID-19 pandemic will again bring about significant
negative impact on our business operations, financial condition and operating results, including but not limited to negative impact to
our total revenues. 

While
we have resumed business operations, there remain significant uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 outbreak and its further development
as a global pandemic. Hence, the extent of the business disruption and the related impact on our financial results and outlook for 2023
cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The extent to which the COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus
and the actions taken globally to contain the corona virus or treat its impact, among others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide
protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. We continue to assess the related risks and impacts that the COVID-19
pandemic might have on our business and financial performance. Until such time as the COVID-19 pandemic is contained or eradicated and
global business return to more customary levels, our business and financial results might be materially adversely affected. 

On
the basis of scientific assessment of the characteristics of the virus and the pandemic situation, as well as reference to the prevention
practices of other countries, at the end of 2022, the Chinese government refined its COVID-19 prevention and control measures and stopped
conducting nucleic acid testing for all residents. By the end of 2022, vaccination rate has exceeded 90 . And normal life is returning.
Under such circumstances, the government has taken positive service measures, including tax incentives, bank loan and financial support,
etc, to support domestic enterprises to overcome difficulties. The market consolidation will be expedited eventually. We have been actively
cooperating with the government in implementing corresponding epidemic control measures to fulfill our social responsibility, by early
prevention and control, to ensure the minimize adverse impact of the epidemic. 

Our
operating history may not serve as an adequate basis to judge our future prospects and results of operations. 

Dongfang
Paper commenced its current line of business operations in 1996 and received its initial Pollution Discharge Permit in September 1996,
which must be renewed every year for Dongfang Paper to stay in business. Although we have never had problem renewing the Pollution Discharge
Permit, we cannot guarantee automatic renewal every year. In addition, Baoding Shengde commenced its current line of business operations
in 2009. Therefore, our operating history may not provide a more meaningful basis on which to evaluate its business. We cannot assure
you that Dongfang Paper or Baoding Shengde will not incur net losses in the future. We expect that operating expenses of Dongfang Paper
and Baoding Shengde will increase as they expand. Any significant failure to realize anticipated revenue growth could result in significant
operating losses. We will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by companies at a similar stage of development,
including our potential failure to: 

raise
 adequate capital for expansion and operations; 

implement
 our business model and strategy and adapt and modify them as needed; 

increase
 awareness of our brand name, protect our reputation and develop customer loyalty; 

manage
 our expanding operations and service offerings, including the integration of any future acquisitions; 

maintain
 adequate control of our expenses; or 

anticipate
 and adapt to changing conditions in paper markets in which we operate as well as the impact
 of any changes in government regulations, mergers and acquisitions involving our competitors,
 technological developments and other significant competitive and market dynamics. 

If
we are not successful in addressing any or all of these risks, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

22 

Dongfang
Paper and Baoding Shengde s failure to compete effectively may adversely affect our ability to generate revenue. 

Through
Dongfang Paper and Baoding Shengde, we compete in a highly developed market with companies that have significantly greater experience
and history in our industry. If we do not compete effectively, we could lose market share and experience reduced selling prices, adversely
affecting our financial results. Our competitors will expand in the key markets and implement new technologies making them more competitive.
There is also the possibility that competitors will be able to offer additional products, services, lower prices, or other incentives
that we cannot or will not offer or that will make our products less profitable. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete
effectively with current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures we face will not harm our business. 

We
may not be able to effectively control and manage our growth. 

If
our business and markets grow and develop, it will be necessary for us to finance and manage expansion in an orderly fashion. An expansion
would increase demands on existing management, workforce and facilities. Failure to satisfy such increased demands could interrupt or
adversely affect our operations and cause delay in production and delivery of our paper products, as well as administrative inefficiencies. 

We,
through our subsidiaries, may engage in future acquisitions that could dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders and cause us
to incur debt and assume contingent liabilities. 

We,
through our subsidiaries, may review acquisition and strategic investment prospects that we believe would complement the current product
offerings of Dongfang Paper, augment its market coverage or enhance its technical capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities.
From time to time we review investments in new businesses and we, through our subsidiaries, expect to make investments in, and to acquire,
businesses, products, or technologies in the future. We expect that when we raise funds from investors for any of these purposes we will
be either the issuer or the primary obligor while the proceeds will be forwarded to Dongfang Paper. In the event of any future acquisitions,
we could: 

issue
 equity securities which would dilute current stockholders percentage ownership; 

incur
 substantial debt; 

assume
 contingent liabilities; or 

expend
 significant cash. 

These
actions could have a material adverse effect on our operating results or the price of our common stock. Moreover, even if we do obtain
benefits in the form of increased sales and earnings, there may be a lag between the time when the expenses associated with an acquisition
are incurred and the time when we recognize such benefits. Acquisitions and investment activities also entail numerous risks, including: 

difficulties
 in the assimilation of acquired operations, technologies and/or products; 

unanticipated
 costs associated with the acquisition or investment transaction; 

the
 diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; 

adverse
 effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; 

risks
 associated with entering markets in which Dongfang Paper has no or limited prior experience; 

the
 potential loss of key employees of acquired organizations; and 

substantial
 charges for the amortization of certain purchased intangible assets, deferred stock compensation
 or similar items. 

We
cannot ensure that we will be able to successfully integrate any businesses, products, technology, or personnel that we might acquire
in the future and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our and/or Dongfang Paper s business, operating
results and financial condition. 

We
are responsible for the indemnification of our officers and directors. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation provides for the indemnification and/or exculpation of our directors, officers, employees, agents and other
entities which deal with us to the maximum extent provided, and under the terms provided, by the laws and decisions of the courts of
the state of Nevada. Although we do maintain professional error and omission insurance for the officers and directors, due to limitations
of the insurance coverage these indemnification provisions could still result in substantial expenditures which we may be unable to recoup
through the insurance and could adversely affect our business and financial conditions. Zhenyong Liu, our Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer, Jing Hao, our Chief Financial Officer, Dahong Zhou, our Secretary, and Marco Ku Hon Wai, Wenbing Christopher Wang,
Lusha Niu, and Fuzeng Liu, our directors, are key personnel with rights to indemnification under our Articles of Incorporation. 

23 

We
are dependent on certain key personnel and loss of these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our
success is, to a certain extent, attributable to the management, sales and marketing, and paper factory operational expertise of key
personnel. Zhenyong Liu, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Jing Hao, our Chief Financial Officer, Dahong Zhou, our
Secretary, and Shuting Liang, Dongfang Paper s General Engineer, Gengqi Yang, Dongfang Paper s Vice President of Sales and
Marketing, Xuetao Chen, Dongfang Paper s Vice President of Environmental Protection and Xiaodong Liu, Baoding Shengde s General
Manager, perform key functions in the operation of our business. There can be no assurance that IT Tech Packaging, Dongfang Paper or
Baoding Shengde will be able to retain these officers after the term of their employment contracts expire. The loss of these officers
could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We do not carry key man life
insurance for any of our key personnel or personnel nor do we foresee purchasing such insurance to protect against a loss of key personnel
and personnel. 

We
are dependent upon the services of Mr. Zhenyong Liu for the continued growth and operation of our Company because of his experience in
the industry and his personal and business contacts in the PRC. Although Mr. Liu has entered into an employment agreement with Baoding
Shengde, our wholly owned subsidiary and a PRC company, and that we have no reason to believe that Mr. Liu will discontinue his services
with us or Dongfang Paper, the interruption or loss of his services would adversely affect our ability to effectively run our business
and pursue our business strategy as well as our results of operations. 

We
may not be able to hire and retain qualified personnel to support our growth and if we are unable to retain or hire these personnel in
the future, our ability to improve our products and implement our business objectives could be adversely affected. 

We
must attract, recruit and retain a sizeable workforce of technically competent employees. Competition for senior management and senior
personnel in the PRC is intense, the pool of qualified candidates in the PRC is very limited, and we may not be able to retain the services
of our senior executives or senior personnel, or attract and retain high-quality senior executives or senior personnel in the future.
This failure could materially and adversely affect our future growth and financial condition. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate as a result of factors beyond our control. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control.
These factors include: 

the
 costs of paper products and development; 

the
 relative speed and success with which we can obtain and maintain customers, merchants and
 vendors for our products; 

capital
 expenditure for equipment; 

marketing
 and promotional activities and other costs; 

changes
 in our pricing policies, suppliers and competitors; 

the
 ability of our suppliers to provide products in a timely manner to their customers; 

changes
 in operating expenses; 

increased
 competition in the paper markets; and 

other
 general economic and seasonal factors. 

We
face risks related to product liability claims. 

We
presently do not maintain product liability insurance. We face the risk of loss because of adverse publicity associated with product
liability lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid. We may not be able to avoid such claims. Although product liability lawsuits
in the PRC are rare, and we have not, to date, experienced significant failure of our products, there is no guarantee that we will not
face such liability in the future. This liability could be substantial and the occurrence of such loss or liability may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects. 

24 

Our
operating results also depend on the availability and pricing of energy and raw materials. 

In
addition to our dependence upon wood pulp, recycled white scrap paper and paperboard costs, our operating results depend on the availability
and pricing of energy and other raw materials. An interruption in the supply of supplemental chemical agents could cause a material disruption
at our mill. In addition, an interruption in the supply of natural gas could cause a material disruption at our facilities. At present,
our raw materials including natural gas are purchased from a number of suppliers, of which the three largest suppliers account for over
97 of all purchases. If any of these contracts were to be terminated for any reason, or not renewed upon expiration, or if market conditions
were to substantially change creating a significant increase in the price of natural gas and recycled paper, we may not be able to find
alternative, comparable suppliers or suppliers capable of providing gas to us on terms or in amounts satisfactory to us. 

We
replaced all the coal boilers with natural gas boiler in September 2017, but due to the gas consumption rise significantly, the government
will from time to time issue mandated restriction/suspension of natural gas supply for all natural gas consumption industries, including
the paper manufacturing industry in order to secure adequate natural gas to households uses in urban and rural areas. We are subject
to the risks of natural gas supply restriction and above-mentioned factors. As a result, our business, financial condition and operating
results could suffer. 

A
material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales, and/or negatively
affect our net income. 

Any
of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our machines within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly
due to a number of events, including: 

maintenance
 outages; 

prolonged
 power failures; 

an
 equipment failure, including any malfunction of our waste water treatment facilities; 

disruption
 in the supply of raw materials, such as wood fiber, energy, or chemicals; 

a
 chemical spill or release; 

closure
 because of environmental-related concerns; 

explosion
 of a boiler; 

the
 effect of a drought or reduced rainfall on our water supply; 

disruptions
 in the transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, railroad tracks, and tunnels; 

fires,
 floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, epidemic or other catastrophes; 

terrorism
 or threats of terrorism; 

labor
 difficulties; or 

other
 operational problems. 

If
any of the abovementioned events were to occur, we may be unable to meet customer demand, which may adversely affect our sales and net
income. 

25 

Our
certificates, permits, and licenses related to our papermaking operations are subject to governmental control and renewal and failure
to obtain renewal will cause all or part of our operations to be terminated. 

In
1988, the National Environmental Protection Bureau issued Interim Measures on the Administration of Water Pollutants Discharge Permits,
requiring all companies discharging pollution into the water as a direct or indirect byproduct of production to adhere to certain caps
on pollution discharge. On January 24, 2021, the State Council issued Regulations on the Administration of Pollutant Discharge Permits,
which has effected on March 1, 2022. Additionally, such companies were required to obtain and annually renew a Pollution Discharge Permit
in order to conduct their operations. On December 24, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress issued Law
of the People s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution (the Prevention and Control of Noise
Pollution Law ), which became effective on June 5, 2022. According to the Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution Law, entities
subject to the pollutant discharge licensing management requirements shall not emit industrial noise without a pollutant discharge permit
and shall prevent and control noise pollution according to the requirements of the pollutant discharge permit. The noise pollution has
been included in the Pollution Discharge Permit, and we conduct quarterly test on the noise through qualified testing institutions to
comply with the laws, which is required by laws. 

The
PRC government has the authority to shut down a company s operations for its failure to maintain a valid permit. We renewed our
Pollution Discharge Permit in June 2020. Our latest permit is effective from June 28, 2020 through June 27, 2025. Pollution discharge
Permit for Tengsheng Paper was effective from August 10, 2021 through August 9, 2026. An application to renew will be filed by us with
the local environment protection agency before the expiration. 

The
failure by us to obtain any certificate, permit, and license necessary for our operations or the failure by us to obtain the renewal
of any such certificate, permit or license may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operation. 

Compliance
with environmental regulations is expensive, and noncompliance may result in adverse publicity and potentially significant monetary damages
and fines or suspension of our business operations. 

We
are required to comply with all Chinese national and local regulations regarding the protection of the environment. Compliance with environmental
regulation is expensive. The Chinese government is adopting even more stringent environmental protection and operational safety regulations
and the costs of complying with these regulations are expected to increase. Although we have obtained all of the necessary approvals
and permits for our production facilities currently existing, we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with all applicable
environmental protection and operational safety requirements, and obtain all of the required governmental approvals and permits that
may be or may become applicable to us on a timely basis, or at all, or will be able to complete all our registrations and filings with
the government, in time for our future projects. The relevant governmental authorities may impose on us fines for any non-compliance,
set deadlines for rectification, and order us to cease construction or production if we fail to comply with their requirements. 

If
we are unable to respond to pricing pressures, our business may be harmed. 

In
order to remain competitive, from time to time we have to adjust the prices of our products to remain competitive. We may not have available
sufficient financial or other resources to continue to make investments necessary to maintain our competitive position. 

If
we fail to introduce enhancements to our existing products or to develop new products, our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected. 

We
believe that our future success depends in part on our ability to enhance our existing products and develop new products in order to
continue to meet customer demand. Our failure to introduce new or enhanced products on a timely and cost-competitive basis, or the development
of processes that make our existing products obsolete, could harm our business and results of operations. 

We
have limited insurance coverage and may incur losses resulting from product liability claims or business interruptions. 

As
the insurance industry in China is still in an early stage of development, insurance companies in China currently offer limited business
insurance products. We do not have any product liability insurance or business interruption insurance. Based on the insurance products
available in China, even if we decide to take out business interruption coverage, such insurance as currently available offers limited
coverage compared to that offered in many other jurisdictions. Any business disruption, natural disaster, or product liability claim
could result in our incurring substantial costs and diversion of resources, which would have an adverse effect on our business and results
of operations. 

26 

Our
failure to protect our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position, and external infringements of our intellectual
property rights may adversely affect our business. 

Our
success and ability to compete depends in part on our intellectual property. We primarily rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret,
and copyright laws, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual restrictions with our employees, contractors and others to
establish and protect our intellectual property rights. However, confidentiality and license arrangements may be breached by counterparties,
and there may not be adequate remedies available to us for any such breach. Accordingly, we may not be able to effectively protect our
intellectual property rights or to enforce our contractual rights. In addition, our trade secrets may be leaked or otherwise become available
to, or be independently discovered by, our competitors. The steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate
or we may be unable to secure intellectual property protection for some of our properties. Infringement of intellectual property rights
continues to pose a serious risk of doing business. 

We
may in the future file, patent applications on certain of our innovations. It is possible, however, that these innovations may not be
patentable. In addition, given the cost, effort and risks associated with patent application, we may choose not to seek patent protection
for some innovations. Furthermore, our patent applications may not lead to granted patents, the scope of the protection gained may be
insufficient or an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. We also cannot guarantee that any of our present or future patents
or other intellectual property rights will not lapse or be invalidated, circumvented, challenged, or abandoned. 

If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our competitors could use our intellectual property to market offerings similar to
ours and our ability to compete effectively would be impaired. Moreover, others may independently develop technologies that are competitive
to ours or infringe on our intellectual property. The enforcement of our intellectual property rights depends on our legal actions against
these infringers being successful, but we cannot be sure these actions will be successful, even when our rights have been infringed.
In addition, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expense and diversion of management resources. Any of
our intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative processes or litigations. We can provide
no assurance that we will prevail in such litigations, and, even if we do prevail, we may not obtain a meaningful relief. Accordingly,
despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent external parties from infringing or misappropriating our intellectual property. Any
intellectual property that we own may not provide us with competitive advantages or may be successfully challenged by external parties. 

We
may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims or other allegations, which may materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and prospects. 

We
cannot be certain that we do not or will not infringe patents, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights held by external
parties. From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims alleging infringement of patents, trademarks, copyrights
or other intellectual property rights, or misappropriation of creative ideas or formats, or other infringement of proprietary, which
may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and prospects. 

27 

Risks Related To Doing Business in the PRC 

The
PRC government has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of a PRC company s business operations or to exert control
over any offering of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may intervene with or influence
our operations, may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the value
of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless, as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and
societal goals. 

The
PRC government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or
the value of our common stock. For example, the PRC government has recently published new policies that significantly affected certain
industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that it will in the future release regulations
or policies regarding any industry that could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of our company.
Furthermore, the PRC government has also recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over securities offerings and
other capital markets activities that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based companies. Any such action, once taken
by the PRC government, could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. 

Recently,
the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little advance
notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed
overseas using variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cyber security reviews, and expanding
the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. Currently, these statements and regulatory actions have had no impact on our daily business
operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. Since these statements
and regulatory actions are new, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and
what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and
the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign
investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. 

The
CSRC has released the Trial Measures for Administration of Overseas Securities Offerings and Listings by Domestic Companies (the Trial
Measures ). While such rules have not yet gone into effect, the Chinese government may exert more oversight and control over offerings
that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability
to continue to offer our securities to investors and could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

On
February 17, 2023, with the approval of the State Council, the CSRC released the Trial Measures and five supporting guidelines, which
will come into effect on March 31, 2023. According to the Trial Measures, (1) domestic companies that seek to offer or list securities
overseas, both directly and indirectly, should fulfill the filing procedures and report relevant information to the CSRC; if a domestic
company fails to complete the filing procedures or conceals any material fact or falsifies any major content in its filing documents,
such domestic company may be subject to administrative penalties by the CSRC,, such as order to rectify, warnings, fines, and its controlling
shareholders, actual controllers, the person directly in charge and other directly liable persons may also be subject to administrative
penalties, such as warnings and fines; (2) if the issuer meets both of the following conditions, the overseas offerings and listings
shall be determined as an indirect overseas offerings and listings by a domestic company: (i) 50 or more of the issuer s operating
revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as documented in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent
accounting year is accounted for by domestic enterprises; and; (ii) its major operational activities are carried out in China or its
main places of business are located in China, or the senior managers in charge of its business operation and management are mostly Chinese
citizens or domiciled in China; and (3) where a domestic company seeks to indirectly offer and list securities in an overseas market,
the issuer shall designate a major domestic operating entity responsible for all filing procedures with the CSRC, and where an issuer
makes an application for initial public offerings or listings in an overseas market, the issuer shall submit filings with the CSRC within
three business days after such application is submitted; if the issuer submits the application documents for offerings or listings in
secret or non-public ways overseas, it may submit an explanation at the time of filing, and the application shall be postponed until
the application documents are reported to the CSRC within three business days after the application documents are disclosed overseas. 

The
Trial Measures, when coming into effect on March 31, 2023, may subject us to additional compliance requirements in the future, and we
cannot assure you that we will be able to get the clearance of filing procedures under the Trial Measures on a timely basis, or at all.
Any failure of us to fully comply with new regulatory requirements may significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue
to offer our securities, cause significant disruption to our business operations, and severely damage our reputation, which would materially
and adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and results of operations and cause our securities to significantly decline
in value or become worthless. We believe that we, our PRC Subsidiaries, the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary are not required to fulfill
filing procedures and obtain approvals from the CSRC to continue to offer our securities or operate the business of the consolidated
VIE and its subsidiary. In addition, to date, none of us, our PRC Subsidiaries, consolidated VIE and its subsidiary have received any
filing or compliance requirements from CSRC for the listing of the Company at NYSE American and all of its overseas offerings. Based
on our understanding of the current PRC laws, we believe that the CSRC s approval is not required to be obtained for ITP s
listing on NYSE American; however, there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of the M A Rules,
other PRC Laws and future PRC laws and regulations, and there can be no assurance that any PRC governmental agency will not take a view
that is contrary to or otherwise different from our belief stated herein. 

28 

Recent
greater oversight by the Cyberspace Administration of China, or the CAC, over data security, particularly for companies
seeking to list on a foreign exchange, could adversely impact the business of us, the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary and investing
in our securities. 

On
December 28, 2021, the CAC, together with 12 other governmental departments of the PRC, jointly promulgated the Cybersecurity Review
Measures, which became effective on February 15, 2022. The Cybersecurity Review Measures provides that, in addition to critical information
infrastructure operators CIIOs that intend to purchase Internet products and services, data processing operators engaging
in data processing activities that affect or may affect national security must be subject to cybersecurity review by the Cybersecurity
Review Office of the PRC. According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, a cybersecurity review assesses potential national security
risks that may be brought about by any procurement, data processing, or overseas listing. The Cybersecurity Review Measures further requires
that CIIOs and data processing operators that possess personal data of at least one million users must apply for a review by the Cybersecurity
Review Office of the PRC before conducting listings in foreign countries. 

On
November 14, 2021, the CAC published the Draft Regulations on the Network Data Security Administration (Draft for Comments) (the Security
Administration Draft ), which provides that data processing operators engaging in data processing activities that affect or may
affect national security must be subject to network data security review by the relevant Cyberspace Administration of the PRC. According
to the Security Administration Draft, data processing operators who possess personal data of at least one million users or collect data
that affects or may affect national security must be subject to network data security review by the relevant Cyberspace Administration
of the PRC. The deadline for public comments on the Security Administration Draft was December 13, 2021. 

The
Security Assessment Measures for Outbound Data Transfers which was released on May 19, 2022 at the 10th executive meeting of the Cybersecurity
Administration of China in 2022, and implemented on September 1, 2022, stipulates that a data processor shall declare security assessment
for its outbound data transfer to the CAC at the provincial level: (i) where a data processor provides critical data abroad; (ii) where
a CIIO or a data processor processing the personal information of more than one million people provides personal information abroad;
(iii) where a data processor has provided personal information of 100,000 people or sensitive personal information of 10,000 people in
total abroad since January 1 of the previous year; and (iv) other circumstances prescribed by the CAC for which declaration for security
assessment for outbound data transfers is required. 

We
believe none of us, our PRC Subsidiaries, the consolidated VIE or its subsidiaries is a CIIO, and we believe that we, all of our PRC
Subsidiaries, the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary are not required to go through cybersecurity review from the CAC to continue to
offer our securities or operate the business of the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary. In addition, as of the date of this annual report,
we, our PRC Subsidiaries, consolidated VIE and its subsidiary have not received any notice from any authorities identifying us as a CIIO
or requiring us to go through cybersecurity review or network data security review by the CAC. We, our PRC Subsidiaries, consolidated
VIE and its subsidiary have not been required to obtain any approvals or permits from CAC. When the Cybersecurity Review Measures become
effective and if the Security Administration Draft is enacted as proposed, we believe that the operations of the consolidated VIE and
its subsidiary and our listing will not be affected and that we, the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary will not be subject to cybersecurity
review or network data security review by the CAC, given that: (i) as a company that mainly engages in paper production and distribution,
our PRC Subsidiaries, the consolidated VIE and VIE s subsidiaries are unlikely to be classified as CIIOs by the PRC regulatory
agencies; (ii) we, the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary possess personal data of fewer than one million individual clients in the
business operations as of the date of this annual report and do not anticipate that we, the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary will
be collecting over one million users personal information in the near future, which we understand might otherwise subject us,
the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary to the Cybersecurity Review Measures; and (iii) data processed in the business of the consolidated
VIE and its subsidiary is unlikely to have a bearing on national security and therefore is unlikely to be classified as core or important
data by the authorities. There remains uncertainty, however, as to how the Cybersecurity Review Measures and the Security Administration
Draft will be interpreted or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may adopt new laws, regulations,
rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation related to the Cybersecurity Review Measures and the Security Administration Draft.
If any such new laws, regulations, rules, or implementation and interpretation come into effect, we will take all reasonable measures
and actions to comply and to minimize the adverse effect of such laws on us. We cannot guarantee, however, that we, the consolidated
VIE and its subsidiary will not be subject to cybersecurity review and network data security review in the future. During such reviews,
we, the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary may be required to suspend our operation or experience other disruptions to our operations.
Cybersecurity review and network data security review could also result in negative publicity with respect to our Company and diversion
of our managerial and financial resources, which could materially and adversely affect the business, financial conditions, and results
of operations of us, the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary. 

Our
business may be subject to a variety of PRC laws and other obligations regarding cyber security and data protection. 

Our
business may be subject to PRC laws relating to the collection, use, sharing, retention, security, and transfer of confidential and private
information, such as personal information and other data. These laws continue to develop, and the PRC government may adopt other rules
and restrictions in the future. Non-compliance could result in penalties or other significant legal liabilities. 

Pursuant
to the PRC Cyber security Law, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress on November 7,
2016 and took effect on June 1, 2017, personal information and important data collected and generated by a critical information infrastructure
operator in the course of its operations in China must be stored in China, and if a critical information infrastructure operator purchases
internet products and services that affects or may affect national security, it should be subject to cyber security review by the Cyberspace
Administration of China CAC ). Due to the lack of further interpretations, the exact scope of critical information
infrastructure operator remains unclear. 

29 

On
April 13, 2020, twelve Chinese government agencies jointly promulgated the Measures for Cyber security Review (2020 version) Old
Measures ), which became effective on June 1, 2020, set forth the cyber security review mechanism for critical information infrastructure
operators, and provided that critical information infrastructure operators CIIOs who intend to procure network products
and services that affect or may affect national security shall be subject to a cyber security review. On June 10, 2021, the Standing
Committee of the National People s Congress promulgated the PRC Data Security Law, which took effect in September 2021. The Data
Security Law provides for a security review procedure for the data activities that may affect national security. Moreover, the CAC issued
the Measures of Cyber security Review (Revised Draft for Comments) on July 10, 2021, which requires operators with personal information
of more than one million users who want to list abroad to file a cyber security review with the CAC. Furthermore, the General Office
of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severe
and Lawful Crackdown on Illegal Securities Activities, which was available to the public on July 6, 2021. These opinions emphasized the
need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies.
These opinions proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems, to deal with the
risks and incidents facing China-based overseas-listed companies and the demand for cyber security and data privacy protection. 

The
Data Security Law also sets forth the data security protection obligations for entities and individuals handling personal data, including
that no entity or individual may acquire such data by stealing or other illegal means, and the collection and use of such data should
not exceed the necessary limits The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, PRC Cyber security Law and any other cyber
security and related laws may limit the use and adoption of our products and services and could have an adverse impact on our business.
Further, if the enacted version of the Measures for Cyber security Review mandates clearance of cyber security review and other specific
actions to be completed by companies like us, we face uncertainties as to whether such clearance can be timely obtained, or at all. 

On
January 4, 2022, the CAC issued the revised Measures on Cyberspace Security Review (the Revised Measures )that has came
into effect on February 15, 2022, which required that, among others, in addition to operator of critical information infrastructure, 
any network platform operator data processor controlling personal information of no less than one million users which seeks
to list in a foreign stock exchange should also be subject to cyber security review. We do not believe we are among the operator
of critical information infrastructure or network platform operator data processor who control over one million
personal information as mentioned above; however, the definition of network platform operator is unclear. The revised draft
of the Measures for Cyber security Review is in the process of being formulated and it is also unclear on how it will be interpreted,
amended and implemented by the relevant PRC governmental authorities. The Revised Measures also establish a Cyber security Review Office
(the CRO ), an administrative body within the CAC, to formulate the regulations for cyber security review and to lead the
cyber security review process. Applicable CIIOs and NP operators are required to submit an application to the CRO, and the CRO will assess
whether a cyber security review is required. 

As
these laws, opinions and the measures were recently issued, official guidance and interpretation of these remain unclear in several respects
at this time, and the PRC government authorities may have wide discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, opinions
and the measures. Therefore, it is uncertain whether the future regulatory changes would impose additional restrictions on our business. 

We
believe that we are currently not be subject to the cyber security review by the CAC, given the factors discussed above. However, there
remains uncertainty as to how the Revised Measures will be interpreted or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including
the CAC, may adopt new laws, regulations, rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation related to the Revised Measures. If any
such new laws, regulations, rules, or implementation and interpretation come into effect, we will take all reasonable measures and actions
to comply and to minimize the adverse effect of such laws on us. 

We
cannot assure you that PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, would take the same view as we do. In the event that we are subject
to any mandatory cyber security review and other specific actions required by the CAC, we face uncertainty as to whether any clearance
or other required actions can be timely completed, or at all. Given such uncertainty, we may be further required to suspend our relevant
business, or face other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

30 

Changes
in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the PRC and the
profitability of such business. 

Our
business operations, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected by the current and future political
environment in the PRC. The PRC has operated as a socialist state since the middle of the 20th century and is controlled by the Communist
Party of China. The Chinese government exerts substantial influence and control over the manner in which we must conduct our business
activities. The PRC has only permitted provincial and local economic autonomy and private economic activities since 1978. The government
of the PRC has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy, including
the paper industry, through regulation and state ownership. Our ability to operate in the PRC may be adversely affected by changes in
Chinese laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, import and export tariffs, raw materials, environmental regulations,
land use rights, property and other matters. Under its current leadership, the government of the PRC has been pursuing economic reform
policies that encourage private economic activity and greater economic decentralization. There is no assurance, however, that the government
of the PRC will continue to pursue these policies, or that it will not significantly alter these policies from time to time without notice. 

Policies
of the PRC government can have significant effects on the economic conditions of the PRC. The PRC government has confirmed that economic
development will follow the model of a market economy. Under this direction, we believe that the PRC will continue to strengthen its
economic and trading relationships with foreign countries and business development in the PRC will follow market forces. While we believe
that this trend will continue, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. 

A
change in policies by the PRC government could adversely affect our interests by, among other factors: changes in laws, regulations or
the interpretation thereof, confiscatory taxation, restrictions on currency conversion, imports or sources of supplies, or the expropriation
or nationalization of private enterprises. Although the PRC government has been pursuing economic reform policies for more than three
decades, there is no assurance that the government will continue to pursue such policies or that such policies may not be significantly
altered, especially in the event of a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances affecting the PRC s
political, economic and social life. 

The
PRC laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain. Any changes in such PRC laws and
regulations may harm our business. 

The
PRC laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain. The PRC s legal system is
a civil law system based on written statutes, in which system decided legal cases have little value as precedents unlike the common law
system prevalent in the United States. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and
regulations, including but not limited to the laws and regulations governing our business, the enforcement and performance of our contractual
arrangements with our VIE, Dongfang Paper, and its shareholders, or the enforcement and performance of our arrangements with customers
in the event of the imposition of statutory liens, death, bankruptcy and criminal proceedings. The Chinese government has been developing
a comprehensive system of commercial laws, and considerable progress has been made in introducing laws and regulations dealing with economic
matters such as foreign investment, corporate organization and governance, commerce, taxation and trade. However, because these laws
and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited volume of published cases and judicial interpretation and their lack of
force as precedents, interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve significant uncertainties. New laws and regulations
that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. Our major operating entity, Dongfang Paper, conducts
its operations in China, and as a result, we are required to comply with PRC laws and regulations. We cannot assure you that our current
ownership and operating structure would not be found in violation of any current or future PRC laws or regulations. Any of these or similar
actions could significantly disrupt our business operations or restrict us from conducting a substantial portion of our business operations,
which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot predict what effect
the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws or regulations may have on our business. If the relevant authorities find that we are
in violation of PRC laws or regulations, they would have broad discretion in dealing with such a violation, including, without limitation: 

levying
 fines; 

revoking
 Dongfang Paper s business and other licenses; 

requiring
 that we restructure our ownership or operations; and 

requiring
 that we discontinue any portion or all of our business. 

Among
the material laws that we are subject to are the Price Law of The People s Republic of China, Measurement Law of The People s
Republic of China, Tax Law, Environmental Protection Law, Contract Law, Patent Law, Accounting Laws and Labor Law. 

31 

A
slowdown, inflation or other adverse developments in the PRC economy may harm our customers and the demand for our services and products. 

All
of our operations are conducted in the PRC and all of our revenue is generated from sales in the PRC. Although the PRC economy has grown
significantly in recent years, we cannot assure you that this growth will continue. In 2022, China s Gross Domestic Product GDP growth rate was 3.0 as compared to 8.1 in 2021. A slowdown in overall economic growth, an economic downturn, a recession or other adverse
economic developments in the PRC could significantly reduce the demand for our products and harm our business. 

Additionally,
while the PRC economy experienced rapid growth, such growth has been uneven among various sectors of the economy and in different geographical
areas of the country. Rapid economic growth could lead to growth in the money supply and rising inflation. If prices for our products
rise at a rate that is insufficient to compensate for the rise in the costs of supplies, it may harm our profitability. In order to control
inflation in the past, the PRC government has imposed controls on bank credit, limits on loans for fixed assets and restrictions on state
bank lending. Such an austere policy can lead to a slowing of economic growth. 

Our
PRC Subsidiaries, consolidated VIE and its subsidiary in China are subject to restrictions on making dividends and other payments to
us or any other affiliated company. 

We
are a holding company and may receive dividends paid by our subsidiaries established in China for our cash needs, including the funds
necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders to the extent we choose to do so, to service any debt we
may incur and to pay our operating expenses. Baoding Shengde s income in turn depends on the service and other fees paid by the
consolidated VIE. In addition, ITP, its subsidiaries, the consolidated VIE and the VIE s subsidiaries may also transfer cash to
each other as part of the group cash management. If any of our subsidiaries, the consolidated VIE and VIE s subsidiaries incurs
debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing such debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments
to us. Current PRC regulations permit our PRC Subsidiaries to pay dividends to us only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined
in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, under the applicable requirements of PRC law, our PRC Subsidiaries,
consolidated VIE and its subsidiary incorporated as companies may only distribute dividends after they have made allowances to fund certain
statutory reserves. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. 

In
addition, under the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC, which became effective on January 1, 2008 and its implementation rules, dividends
paid to us by our PRC Subsidiaries are subject to withholding tax. The withholding tax on dividends may be exempted or reduced by the
PRC State Council. Currently, the withholding tax rate is 10 unless reduced or exempted by treaty between the PRC and the tax residence
of the holder of the PRC Subsidiaries. 

Furthermore,
if our PRC Subsidiaries, consolidated VIE and its subsidiary in China incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing
the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us. In addition, the PRC tax authorities may require our
PRC Subsidiaries, consolidated VIE and its subsidiary to adjust their taxable income under the contractual arrangements we currently
have in place in a manner that would restrict our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends and make other distributions to us. 

In
addition, the PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the
remittance of currency out of China. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies
to satisfy our foreign currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders. 

To
date, our PRC Subsidiaries have not paid dividends to us out of their accumulated profits. In the near future, we do not expect to receive
dividends from our PRC subsidiaries because the accumulated profits of the PRC Subsidiaries are expected to be used for their own business
or expansions. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the cash flows occurred between IT Tech Packaging, its subsidiaries and the VIE included (i) funding
through Shengde Holdings Inc. to Baoding Shengde, with an amount of 6,500,000 as capital contributions; (ii) Baoding Shengde loans to
Dongfang Paper with total amount of 1,727,644;(iii) Baoding Shengde loans to Tengsheng Paper with total amount of 1,923,845; and (iv)
funding through Shengde Holdings Inc. to Qianrong, with an amount of 3,500,000 as capital contributions. We do not have an established
cash management policy that dictates how funds are transferred between us, our PRC Subsidiaries, consolidated VIE and its subsidiary.
We do not, at this time, intend to distribute earnings or settle amounts owed under the VIE Agreements. 

32 

In
the future, cash proceeds raised from overseas financing activities may be transferred by ITP to our PRC Subsidiaries and other subsidiaries
or the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary via capital contributions or loans, as the case may be. Amounts owed under the VIE Agreements
may be returned by Baoding Shengde or the consolidated VIE and its subsidiary through repayment of loans or payment of service fees according
to the exclusive technical service and business consulting agreement, subject to satisfaction of applicable government registration and
approval requirements. To the extent cash in the business is in the PRC, the funds may not be available to fund operations or for other
use outside of the PRC due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability of us, our PRC Subsidiaries,
or the consolidated VIE by the PRC government to transfer cash. 

We
may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may
have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC Subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our
ability to conduct our business. 

IT
Tech Packaging Inc. is a Nevada holding company and conducts all of its business through its operating subsidiaries and the VIE. IT Tech
Packaging Inc. relies principally on dividends and other distributions on equity from our PRC Subsidiaries for cash requirements, including
for services of any debt IT Tech Packaging Inc. may incur. 

Our
PRC Subsidiaries ability to distribute dividends is based upon its distributable earnings. Current PRC regulations permit our
PRC Subsidiaries to pay dividends to its shareholders only out of its accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC
accounting standards and regulations. If our PRC Subsidiaries incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing
the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us. Any limitation on the ability of our PRC Subsidiaries
to distribute dividends or other payments to its shareholders could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments
or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends or otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

In
addition, the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules provide that a withholding tax rate of up to 10 will be applicable
to dividends payable by Chinese companies to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless otherwise exempted or reduced according to treaties
or arrangements between the PRC central government and governments of other countries or regions where the non-PRC resident enterprises
are incorporated. 

Governmental
control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of investors investment. 

The
PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of
currency out of China. We receive a significant portion of our revenues in Renminbi. Under our current corporate structure, our Nevada
holding company may rely on dividend payments from our PRC Subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have. Under
existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and trade
and service-related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval of SAFE by complying with
certain procedural requirements. Specifically, under the existing exchange restrictions, without prior approval of SAFE, cash generated
from the operations of our PRC subsidiaries in China may be used to pay dividends to our Nevada holding company. 

However,
approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required where Renminbi is to be converted into foreign currency
and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, we need
to obtain SAFE approval to use cash generated from the operations of our PRC subsidiaries and VIE to pay off their respective debt in
a currency other than Renminbi owed to entities outside China, or to make other capital expenditure payments outside China in a currency
other than Renminbi. 

The
PRC government has imposed more restrictive foreign exchange policies and stepped up scrutiny of major outbound capital movement including
overseas direct investment. More restrictions and substantial vetting process are put in place by SAFE to regulate cross-border transactions
falling under the capital account. The PRC government may at its discretion further restrict access in the future to foreign currencies
for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to
satisfy our foreign currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders of our common stock. 

33 

PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment
in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay us from making loans or additional
capital contributions to our PRC Subsidiaries, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand
our business. 

Any funds IT Tech Packaging
Inc. transfers to its PRC Subsidiaries, either as a shareholder loan or as an increase in registered capital, are subject to approval
by or registration with relevant governmental authorities in China. According to the relevant PRC regulations on foreign invested enterprises,
or FIEs, in China, capital contributions to our PRC Subsidiaries are subject to the approval of or report investment information to the
MOFCOM or their respective local branches and registration with a local bank authorized by the SAFE. In addition, any foreign loan procured
by our PRC Subsidiaries cannot exceed statutory limits and is required to be registered with SAFE or its local branches. Any medium or
long-term loan to be provided by IT Tech Packaging Inc. to the VIE must be registered with the National Development and Reform Commission,
or NDRC, and the SAFE or its local branches. We may not be able to complete such registrations on a timely basis, with respect to future
capital contributions or foreign loans by IT Tech Packaging Inc. to its PRC Subsidiaries. If we fail to complete such registrations, our
ability to capitalize our PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund
and expand business. 

On March 30, 2015, the SAFE
promulgated the Circular on Reforming the Management Approach Regarding the Foreign Exchange Capital Settlement of Foreign-Invested Enterprises,
or SAFE Circular 19, which took effect on June 1, 2015. SAFE Circular 19 launched a nationwide reform of the administration of the settlement
of the foreign exchange capitals of FIEs and allows FIEs to settle their foreign exchange capital at their discretion, but continues to
prohibit FIEs from using the Renminbi fund converted from their foreign exchange capital for expenditure beyond their business scopes,
providing entrusted loans or repaying loans between nonfinancial enterprises. The SAFE issued the Circular on Reforming and Regulating
Policies on the Control over Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital Accounts, or SAFE Circular 16, effective in June 2016. Pursuant to
SAFE Circular 16, enterprises registered in China may also convert their foreign debts from foreign currency to Renminbi on a self-discretionary
basis. SAFE Circular 16 provides an integrated standard for conversion of foreign exchange under capital account items (including but
not limited to foreign currency capital and foreign debts) on a self-discretionary basis which applies to all enterprises registered in
China. SAFE Circular 16 reiterates the principle that Renminbi converted from foreign currency-denominated capital of a company may not
be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope or prohibited by PRC laws or regulations, while such converted Renminbi
shall not be provided as loans to its non-affiliated entities. As this circular is relatively new, there remains uncertainty as to its
interpretation and application and any other future foreign exchange related rules. Violations of these Circulars could result in severe
monetary or other penalties. SAFE Circular 19 and SAFE Circular 16 may significantly limit our ability to fund the establishment of new
entities in China by the VIE, to invest in or acquire any other PRC companies through our PRC Subsidiaries, or to establish new consolidated
VIE in China, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

On October 23, 2019, the
SAFE promulgated the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further Promoting the Convenience of Cross-border Trade
and Investment, or the SAFE Circular 28, which, among other things, allows all foreign-invested companies to use Renminbi converted from
foreign currency-denominated capital for equity investments in China, as long as the equity investment is genuine, does not violate applicable
laws, and complies with the negative list on foreign investment. However, since the SAFE Circular 28 is newly promulgated, it is unclear
how SAFE and competent banks will carry this out in practice. 

In light of the various requirements
imposed by PRC regulations on loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies, we cannot assure you that
we will be able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain the necessary government approvals on a timely basis, if
at all, with respect to future loans by IT Tech Packaging to its PRC Subsidiaries or with respect to future capital contributions by IT
Tech Packaging Inc. to its PRC Subsidiaries. If we fail to complete such registrations or obtain such approvals, our ability to to capitalize
or otherwise fund our PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability
to fund and expand our business. 

The fluctuation of the Renminbi may harm your investment. 

The value of the Renminbi
against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in the PRC s political
and economic conditions. According to the Bureau of the Fiscal Service, as of December 31, 2022, 1 is converted into 6.9646 Yuan (RMB).
As we rely entirely on revenues earned in the PRC, any significant revaluation of the Renminbi may materially and adversely affect our
cash flows, revenues and financial condition. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from an offering
of our securities into Renminbi for Dongfang Paper s operations, appreciation of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar would diminish
the value of the proceeds of the offering and this could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations because it would
reduce the proceeds available to us for capital investment in proportion to the appreciation of the Renminbi. Thus, if we raise 1,000,000
U.S. dollars and the Renminbi appreciates against the U.S. dollar by 15 , then the proceeds will be worth only RMB5,919,910 as opposed
to RMB 6,964,600 prior to the appreciation. Conversely, if we decide to convert our Renminbi into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making
payments for dividends on our common shares or for other business purposes and the U.S. dollar appreciates against the Renminbi, the U.S.
dollar equivalent of the Renminbi we convert would be reduced in proportion to the amount the U.S. dollar appreciates. In addition, the
depreciation of significant RMB denominated assets could result in a charge to our income statement and a reduction in the dollar value
of these assets. Thus, if Dongfang Paper has RMB1,000,000 in assets and Renminbi is depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 15 , then the
assets will be valued at 124,855 as opposed to 143,583 prior to the depreciation. 

On July 21, 2005, the PRC
government changed its decade-old policy of pegging the value of the Renminbi to the U.S. dollar. Under the new policy, the Renminbi is
permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies. This change in policy resulted
in an approximately 8.20 appreciation of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar as of December 31, 2022. While the international reaction
to the Renminbi revaluation has generally been positive, there remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt
an even more flexible currency policy, which could result in a further and more significant depreciation of the Renminbi against the U.S.
dollar. 

34 

Failure to comply with PRC regulations
relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may materially adversely affect us. 

The PRC State Administration
of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, has promulgated regulations, including the Notice on Relevant Issues Relating to Domestic Residents 
Investment and Financing and Round-Trip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular No. 37, effective on July 14, 2014,
and its appendixes, that require PRC residents, including PRC institutions and individuals, to register with local branches of the SAFE
in connection with their direct establishment or indirect control of an offshore entity, for the purpose of overseas investment and financing,
with such PRC residents legally owned assets or equity interests in domestic enterprises or offshore assets or interests, referred
to in SAFE Circular No. 37 as a special purpose vehicle. SAFE Circular No. 37 further requires amendment to the registration
in the event of any significant changes with respect to the special purpose vehicle, such as increase or decrease of capital contributed
by PRC individuals, share transfer or exchange, merger, division or other material event. In the event that a PRC shareholder holding
interests in a special purpose vehicle fails to fulfill the required SAFE registration, the PRC subsidiaries of that special purpose vehicle
may be prohibited from making profit distributions to the offshore parent and from carrying out subsequent cross-border foreign exchange
activities, and the special purpose vehicle may be restricted in their ability to contribute additional capital into its PRC subsidiaries.
Further, failure to comply with the various SAFE registration requirements described above could result in liability under PRC law for
foreign exchange evasion. 

Because of uncertainty over
the interpretation of Circular 37, we cannot assure you that, if challenged by government agencies, the structure of our organization
has fully complied with all applicable registrations or approvals required by Circular 37. Moreover, because of uncertainty over how Circular
37 will be interpreted and implemented, and how or whether SAFE will apply it to us, we cannot predict how it will affect our business
operations or future strategies. A failure by such PRC resident beneficial holders or future PRC resident stockholders to comply with
Circular 37, if SAFE requires it, could subject these PRC resident beneficial holders to fines or legal sanctions, restrict our overseas
or cross-border investment activities, limit our subsidiaries ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership
structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects. 

While the approval and/or other requirements
of the CSRC or other PRC governmental authorities are currently not required, they may be required, in connection with our oversea listing
under PRC rules, regulations or policies, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or how soon we will be able to obtain such approval. 

On August 8, 2006, six PRC
regulatory agencies, including the China Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC ), promulgated the Regulation on Mergers
and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors M A Rules ), which became effective on September 8, 2006
and then was further amended on June 22, 2009. This regulation, among other things, has certain provisions that purport to require offshore
SPVs formed for the purpose of listing and controlled by PRC individuals or companies, to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to listing
their securities on an overseas stock exchange. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published on its official website a notice specifying
the documents and materials that are required to be submitted for obtaining CSRC approval. 

In addition, the PRC government
authorities may strengthen oversight over offerings that are conducted overseas. For instance, on July 6, 2021, the relevant PRC governmental
authorities promulgated the Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities, which emphasized the need to strengthen
the supervision over overseas listings by PRC companies. Effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory
systems, are to be taken to deal with the risks and incidents of China-based overseas-listed companies, cyber security and data privacy
protection requirements and similar matters. The Measures for Cyber security Review issued by the CAC on January 4, 2022 also required
that, among others, critical information infrastructure or internet platform operator holding over one million users 
personal information to apply for a cyber security review before any listing at a foreign country. These statements and regulations are
recently issued and there remain substantial uncertainties about their interpretation and implementation. 

On December 24, 2021, CSRC
issued Provisions of the State Council on the Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft
for Comments) (the Administration Provisions ), and the Administrative Measures for the Filing of Overseas Securities Offering
and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Measures ), which are open for public comments by January 23, 2022. The Administration
Provisions and Measures for overseas listings lay out specific requirements for filing documents and include unified regulation management,
strengthening regulatory coordination, and cross-border regulatory cooperation. Domestic companies seeking to list abroad must carry out
relevant security screening procedures if their businesses involve supervisions such as foreign investment security and cyber security
reviews. Companies endangering national security are among those off-limits for overseas listings. According to Relevant Officials of
the CSRC Answered Reporter Questions CSRC Answers ), after the Administration Provisions and Measures are implemented upon
completion of public consultation and due legislative procedures, the CSRC will formulate and issue guidance for filing procedures to
further specify the details of filing administration and ensure that market entities could refer to clear guidelines for filing, which
means it will still take time to put the Administration Provisions and Measures into effect. As the Administration Provisions and Measures
have not yet come into effect, we are currently unaffected by them. However, according to CSRC Answers, only new initial public offerings
and refinancing by existing overseas listed Chinese companies will be required to go through the filing process; other existing overseas
listed companies will be allowed a sufficient transition period to complete their filing procedure. However, it is uncertain when the
Administration Provision and the Measures will take effect or if they will take effect as currently drafted. 

35 

We believe that, as of the
date of this annual report, we are not required to obtain any permission from PRC authorities to operate and issue securities to foreign
investors, including permissions from the CSRC or CAC. However, there is no guarantee that this will continue to be the case in the future
in connection with the listing or continued listing of our securities on NYSE American, or even in the event such permission or approval
is required and obtained, the approval could be subsequently revoked or rescinded. Any failure to obtain or a delay in obtaining the necessary
permissions from the PRC authorities to conduct offerings or listing outside of China may subject us to sanctions imposed by the PRC regulatory
authorities. If we do not receive or maintain the approvals, or we inadvertently conclude that such approvals are not required, or applicable
laws, regulations, or interpretations change such that we are required to obtain approval in the future, we may be subject to an investigation
by competent regulators, fines or penalties, or an order prohibiting us from conducting an offering, and these risks could result in a
material adverse change in our operations and the value of our company s securities, significantly limit or completely hinder our
ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, or cause such securities to significantly decline in value or become worthless. 

As of the date of this annual
report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, sanctions or regulatory objection to our operations from the CSRC, CAC or any
other PRC governmental authorities, and our PRC Subsidiaries and the VIE have obtained all requisite permissions from PRC governmental
authorities to operate our business as currently conducted under relevant PRC laws and regulations and no permissions have been denied
by governmental authorities. 

The M A Rules and certain other
PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors, which could make it more
difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China. 

Among other things, the M A
Rules established additional procedures and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time
consuming and complex. Such regulation requires, among other things, that the Ministry of Commerce be notified in advance of any change-of-control
transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise or a foreign company with substantial PRC operations,
if certain thresholds under the Provisions on Thresholds for Prior Notification of Concentrations of Undertakings, issued by the State
Council in 2008, are triggered. Moreover, the Anti-Monopoly Law requires that the anti-monopoly law enforcement authority shall be notified
in advance of any concentration of undertaking if certain thresholds are triggered. In addition, the security review rules issued by the
State Council that became effective in March 2011 specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise national
defense and security concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic
enterprises that raise national security concerns are subject to strict review by the Ministry of Commerce, and the rules
prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review, including by structuring the transaction through a proxy or contractual
control arrangement. 

In the future, we may grow
our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant
rules to complete such transactions could be time consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from the
Ministry of Commerce or its local counterparts may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our
ability to expand our business or maintain our market share. 

The PRC s legal and judicial system may not adequately
protect our business and operations and the rights of foreign investors. 

The PRC legal and judicial
system may negatively impact foreign investors. In 1982, the National People s Congress amended the Constitution of China to authorize
foreign investment and guarantee the lawful rights and interests of foreign investors in the PRC. However, the PRC s
system of laws is not yet comprehensive. The legal and judicial systems in the PRC are still rudimentary, and enforcement of existing
laws is inconsistent. Many judges in the PRC lack the depth of legal training and experience that would be expected of a judge in a more
developed country. Because the PRC judiciary is relatively inexperienced in enforcing the laws that do exist, anticipation of judicial
decision-making is more uncertain than would be expected in a more developed country. It may be impossible to obtain swift and equitable
enforcement of laws that do exist, or to obtain enforcement of the judgment of one court by a court of another jurisdiction. The PRC s
legal system is based on the civil law regime, that is, it is based on written statutes; a decision by one judge does not set a legal
precedent that is required to be followed by judges in other cases. In addition, the interpretation of Chinese laws may be varied to reflect
domestic political changes. 

The trend of legislation
over the last 20 years has significantly enhanced the protection of foreign investment and allowed for more control by foreign parties
of their investments in Chinese enterprises. However, the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws and the pre-emption of local
regulations by national laws may adversely affect foreign investors. A change in leadership, social or political disruption, or unforeseen
circumstances affecting the PRC s political, economic or social life, may affect the PRC government s ability to continue
to support and pursue these reforms. Such a shift could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 

The practical effect of the
PRC legal system on our business operations in the PRC can be viewed from two separate but intertwined considerations. First, as a matter
of substantive law, the foreign invested enterprise laws provide significant protection from government interference. In addition, these
laws guarantee the full enjoyment of the benefits of corporate articles and contracts to foreign invested enterprise participants. These
laws, however, do impose standards concerning corporate formation and governance, which are qualitatively different from the general corporation
laws of the United States. Similarly, the PRC accounting laws mandate accounting practices, which are not consistent with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. PRC s accounting laws require that an annual statutory audit be performed in accordance
with PRC accounting standards and that the books of account of foreign invested enterprises are maintained in accordance with Chinese
accounting laws. Article 14 of the People s Republic of China Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise Law requires a wholly foreign-owned
enterprise to submit certain periodic fiscal reports and statements to designated financial and tax authorities, at the risk of business
license revocation. While the enforcement of substantive rights may appear less clear than United States procedures, foreign invested
enterprises and wholly foreign-owned enterprises are Chinese registered companies, which enjoy the same status as other Chinese registered
companies in business-to-business dispute resolution. Any award rendered by an arbitration tribunal is enforceable in accordance with
the United Nations Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (1958). Therefore, as a practical matter,
although no assurances can be given, the Chinese legal infrastructure, while different in operation from its United States counterpart,
should not present any significant impediment to the operation of foreign invested enterprises. 

36 

Because our principal assets are located
outside of the United States and most of our directors and officers reside outside of the United States, it may be difficult for you to
effect service of legal process, enforce your rights based on U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers or to enforce U.S.
court judgment against us or them in the PRC. 

All of our directors and
officers reside outside the United States. In addition, our operating company is located in the PRC and substantially all of our assets
are located outside of the United States. It may therefore be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights
based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. Federal securities laws against us in the courts of either the U.S. or the PRC and,
even if civil judgments are obtained in U.S. courts, to enforce such judgments in PRC courts. Further, it is unclear if extradition treaties
now in effect between the United States and the PRC would permit effective enforcement against us or our officers and directors of criminal
penalties, under the U.S. Federal securities laws or otherwise. 

It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigation
or collect evidence within China. 

Shareholder claims or regulatory
investigation that are common in the United States generally are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China. For
example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations or litigations
initiated outside China. Although the authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory
authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such cooperation with the securities
regulatory authorities in the Unities States may not be efficient in the absence of mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. Furthermore,
according to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, or Article 177, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator
is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. While detailed interpretation
of or implementation rules under Article 177 have yet to be promulgated, the inability for an overseas securities regulator to directly
conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within China may further increase difficulties faced by our investors in protecting
their interests. 

We may be required to broaden the coverage of the mandatory social
security insurance programs under the Labor Law of the PRC. 

The PRC Labor Law, effective
January 1, 2008, requires that employers enroll in the following social security insurance programs and offer certain employer-sponsored
premium benefits to eligible employees: (1) retirement endowment, (2) healthcare insurance, (3) unemployment insurance, (4) workers 
compensation insurance, and (5) pregnancy insurance. Of these insurance programs, the retirement endowment fund requires employee withholdings
of 4 to 8 of the gross compensation, while the employer s matching contribution varies from 16 to 20 of such compensation. While
the Company is enrolled in the retirement endowment fund and is withholding employees portion and the employer s portion
of the endowment contribution, many of the Company s employees have elected to waive their coverage under these mandatory social
security insurance programs in favor of certain other low-cost, local government-sponsored social security insurance programs for residents
in non-urban districts. Although we have verified with the local government agencies for the validity of the employee waivers and reasonably
believe that we are not required to cover the employees who waived the benefits, the local government may change its policy and ask us
to broaden our insurance coverage to those who have specifically waived their rights. 

The current tensions in international trade
and rising political tensions, particularly between U.S. and China, may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

Although cross-border business
may not be an area of our focus, if we plan to expand our business internationally in the future, any unfavorable government policies
on international trade, such as capital controls or tariffs, may affect the demand for our products and services, impact our competitive
position, or prevent us from being able to conduct business in certain countries. If any new tariffs, legislation, or regulations are
implemented, or if existing trade agreements are renegotiated, such changes could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. Recently, there have been heightened tensions in international economic relations, such as the one between
the United States and China. The U.S. government has recently imposed, and has recently proposed to impose additional, new, or higher
tariffs on certain products imported from China to penalize China for what it characterizes as unfair trade practices. China has responded
by imposing, and proposing to impose additional, new, or higher tariffs on certain products imported from the United States. Following
mutual retaliatory actions for months, on January 15, 2020, the United States and China entered into the Economic and Trade Agreement
between the United States of America and the People s Republic of China as a phase one trade deal, effective on February 14, 2020. 

In addition, political tensions
between the United States and China have escalated due to, among other things, trade disputes, the COVID-19 outbreak, sanctions imposed
by the U.S. Department of Treasury on certain officials of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the PRC central government
and the executive orders issued by U.S. President Donald J. Trump in August 2020 that prohibit certain transactions with certain Chinese
companies and their applications. Rising political tensions could reduce levels of trades, investments, technological exchanges and other
economic activities between the two major economies, which would have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the
stability of global financial markets. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. 

37 

Although the direct impact
of the current international trade tensions and political tensions between the United States and China, and any escalation of such tensions,
on the paper making industry in China is uncertain, the negative impact on general, economic, political and social conditions may adversely
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure 

Our current corporate structure and business operations may be
affected by the newly enacted Foreign Investment Law. 

On March 15, 2019, the National
People s Congress, China s national legislative body (the NPC approved the Foreign Investment Law, which became
effective on January 1, 2020. Since it is relatively new, uncertainties exist in relation to its interpretation and its implementation
rules that are yet to be issued. The Foreign Investment Law does not explicitly classify whether variable interest entities that are controlled
through contractual arrangements would be deemed as foreign-invested enterprises if they are ultimately controlled by foreign
investors. However, it has a catch-all provision under the definition of foreign investment that includes investments made
by foreign investors in China through other means as provided by laws, administrative regulations or the State Council. Therefore, it
still leaves leeway for future laws, administrative regulations or provisions of the State Council to provide for contractual arrangements
as a form of foreign investment. There can be no assurance that our control over our consolidated VIE through contractual arrangements
will not be deemed as a foreign investment in the future. 

The Foreign Investment Law
grants national treatment to foreign-invested entities, except for those foreign-invested entities that operate in industries specified
as either restricted or prohibited from foreign investment in the Special Administrative Measures for Market
Access of Foreign Investment (Negative List), which was approved by the CPC Central Committee and the State Council and issued by the
State Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Commerce with an effective date of July 30, 2019and renew on January 1, 2022.
The Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign-invested entities operating in restricted or prohibited industries
will require market entry clearance and other approvals from relevant PRC government authorities. If our control over our consolidated
VIE through contractual arrangements are deemed as foreign investment in the future, and any business of our consolidated VIE is considered
 restricted or prohibited from foreign investment under the negative list effective at the time,
we may be deemed to be in violation of the Foreign Investment Law, the contractual arrangements that allow us to have control over our
consolidated VIE may be deemed as invalid and illegal, and we may be required to unwind such contractual arrangements and/or restructure
our business operations, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business operation. 

Furthermore, if future laws,
administrative regulations or provisions mandate further actions to be taken by companies with respect to existing contractual arrangements,
we may face substantial uncertainties as to whether we can complete such actions in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to take timely
and appropriate measures to cope with any of these or similar regulatory compliance challenges could materially and adversely affect our
current corporate structure and business operations. 

Any failure by our consolidated VIE or its
shareholders to perform their obligations under our contractual arrangements with them would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We, through our wholly foreign-owned
enterprise in the PRC, have entered into a series of contractual arrangements with our consolidated VIE and its shareholders. For a description
of these contractual arrangements, see Overview and Corporation History. If our consolidated VIE or its shareholders fail
to perform their respective obligations under these contractual arrangements, we may incur substantial costs and expend additional resources
to enforce such arrangements. We may also have to rely on legal remedies under PRC laws, including seeking specific performance or injunctive
relief, and claiming damages, which we cannot assure you will be effective under PRC laws. For example, if the shareholders of our consolidated
VIE were to refuse to transfer their equity interests in the consolidated VIE to us or our designee when we exercise the purchase option
pursuant to these contractual arrangements, or if they were otherwise to act in bad faith toward us, then we may have to take legal actions
to compel them to perform their contractual obligations. In addition, if there are any disputes or governmental proceedings involving
any interest in such shareholders equity interests in our VIE, our ability to exercise shareholders rights or foreclose
the equity interest pledges according to the contractual arrangements may be impaired. If these disputes or proceedings were to impair
our control over our VIE, we may not be able to maintain effective control over our business operations in the PRC and thus would not
be able to continue to consolidate our VIE s financial results, which would in turn result in a material adverse effect on our business,
operations and financial condition. 

38 

In order to comply with PRC regulatory
requirements, we operate our businesses through companies with which we have contractual relationships but in which we do not have controlling
ownership. 

We do not have direct or
indirect equity ownership of Dongfang Paper which operates a majority of our business. Although we have entered into contractual arrangements
with Dongfang Paper and its individual owners pursuant to which we receive an economic interest in Dongfang Paper, and exert a controlling
influence over Dongfang Paper, in a manner substantially similar to a controlling equity interest, these contractual arrangements are
not as effective in providing control over Dongfang Paper as direct ownership. For example, Dongfang Paper may be unwilling or unable
to perform their contractual obligations under our commercial agreements, including payment of consulting fees under the Exclusive Technical
Service and Business Consulting Agreement as they become due. If that were to occur, we would not be able to conduct our operations in
the manner currently planned. In addition, we may not succeed in enforcing our rights under the contractual arrangements insofar as our
contractual rights and legal remedies under Chinese law may be inadequate. Furthermore, Dongfang Paper may seek to renew their agreements
on terms that are disadvantageous to us. If we are unable to renew these agreements on favorable terms when these agreements expire, or
to enter into similar agreements with other parties, we will lose control of Dongfang Paper. 

Because we rely on the consulting services
agreement with Dongfang Paper for essentially all of our revenue and cash flows, any difficulty for Dongfang Paper to pay consulting fees
to Baoding Shengde under the consulting agreement may have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

We are a holding company
and currently conduct business through Dongfang Paper in China. As a result, we rely on payments from the consulting services agreement
which forms a part of the contractual arrangements between Baoding Shengde and Dongfang Paper. Since Baoding Shengde is not a legal shareholder
of Dongfang Paper under PRC statutes, the arrangement for Dongfang Paper to pay a substantial portion of its net income to Baoding Shengde
may be challenged by the PRC government, which could prevent us from receiving required funds or making required payments to some of our
service providers. 

If the PRC government determines that the contractual
agreements constituting part of our VIE structure do not comply with applicable PRC regulations , or if these regulations change or are
interpreted differently in the future, we may be unable to assert our contractual rights over the assets of the VIE, and our common stock
may decline in value. 

Recently, the PRC government
adopted a series of regulatory actions and issued statements to regulate business operations in China, including those related to variable
interest entities. There are currently no relevant laws or regulations in the PRC that prohibit companies whose entity interests are within
the PRC from listing on overseas stock exchanges. Although we believe that our corporate structure and contractual arrangements comply
with current applicable PRC laws and regulations, in the event that PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting
part of our VIE structure do not comply with PRC regulations, or if these regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future,
we may be unable to assert our contractual rights over the assets of the VIE, and our common stock may decline in value or be worthless.
Additionally, our common stock may decline in value or become worthless if we are unable to assert our contractual control rights over
the assets of our PRC Subsidiaries that conduct all or substantially all of our business operations. 

The contractual arrangements under
a VIE Structure may not be as effective as direct ownership in respect of our relationship with the VIE, and thus, we may incur substantial
costs to enforce the terms of the arrangements, which we may not be able to enforce at all. 

The contractual arrangements
may not be as effective as direct ownership in respect of our relationship with the VIE. For example, the VIE and its shareholders could
breach their contractual arrangements with us by, among other things, failing to conduct their operations in an acceptable manner or taking
other actions that are detrimental to our interests. If we had direct ownership of the VIE, we would be able to exercise our rights as
a shareholder to effect changes in the board of directors of the VIE, which in turn could implement changes, subject to any applicable
fiduciary obligations, at the management and operational level. However, under the VIE Agreements, we rely on the performance by the VIE
and its shareholders of their obligations under the contracts to exercise control over the VIE. The shareholders of the consolidated VIE
may not act in the best interests of our company or may not perform their obligations under these contracts. Such risks exist throughout
the period in which we intend to operate certain portions of our business through the contractual arrangements with the VIE. 

If the VIE or its shareholders
fail to perform their respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional
resources to enforce such arrangements. For example, if the shareholders of the VIE refuse to transfer their equity interest in the VIE
to us or our designee if we exercise the purchase option pursuant to the contractual arrangements, or if they otherwise act in bad faith
toward us, then we may have to take legal actions to compel them to perform their contractual obligations. In addition, if any third parties
claim any interest in such shareholders equity interests in the VIE, our ability to exercise shareholders rights or foreclose
the share pledge according to the contractual arrangements may be impaired. If these or other disputes between the shareholders of the
VIE and third parties were to impair our relationship with the VIE, our ability to consolidate the financial results of the VIE would
be affected, which would in turn result in a material adverse effect on the business, operations and financial condition. 

39 

The shareholders of Dongfang Paper may have actual or potential
conflicts of interests with us, which may adversely affect our business. 

As of the date of this annual
report, we are not aware of any conflicts between the shareholders of the VIE and IT Tech Packaging. However, the shareholders of Dongfang
Paper, the VIE, may have actual or potential conflicts of interest with IT Tech Packaging in the future. These shareholders may refuse
to sign or breach, or cause the VIE to breach, or refuse to renew, the existing contractual arrangements IT Tech Packaging has with them
and the VIE, which would have a material and adverse effect on IT Tech Packaging ability to effectively control the VIE and receive
economic benefits from them. For example, the shareholders may be able to cause IT Tech agreements with the VIE to be performed
in a manner adverse to IT Tech Packaging by, among other things, failing to remit payments due under the contractual arrangements to IT
Tech Packaging on a timely basis. We cannot assure you that when conflicts of interest arise any or all of these shareholders will act
in the best interests of IT Tech Packaging or such conflicts will be resolved in IT Tech Packaging s favor. Currently, IT Tech Packaging
does not have any arrangements to address potential conflicts of interest between these shareholders and IT Tech Packaging. If we cannot
resolve any conflict of interest or dispute between IT Tech Packaging and these shareholders, IT Tech Packaging would have to rely on
legal proceedings, which could result in disruption of IT Tech Packaging s business and subject IT Tech Packaging to substantial
uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings. 

Our Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer and 4.7 shareholder, Zhenyong Liu, owns 100 of the equity interest in Dongfang Paper. Conflicts of interests between his duties
to IT Tech and to Dongfang Paper may arise. We cannot assure you that when conflicts of interest arise, he will act in the best interests
of IT Tech or that any conflict of interest will be resolved in our favor. These conflicts may result in management decisions that could
negatively affect our operations and potentially result in the loss of opportunities. 

We may lose the ability to use and enjoy
assets held by the VIE that are material to the operation of its business if the entity goes bankrupt or becomes subject to a dissolution
or liquidation proceeding. 

As part of our contractual
arrangements with the VIE, the entity holds certain assets that are material to the operation of our business, including permits, domain
names and IP rights. If the VIE goes bankrupt and all or part of its assets become subject to liens or rights of third-party creditors,
we may be unable to continue some or all of its business activities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Under the contractual arrangements, the VIE may not, in any manner, sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose of its
assets or legal or beneficial interests in the business without our prior consent. If the VIE undergoes a voluntary or involuntary liquidation
proceeding, the independent third party creditors may claim rights to some or all of these assets, thereby hindering our ability to operate
our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our arrangements with Dongfang Paper and
its shareholders may be subject to a transfer pricing adjustment by the PRC tax authorities which could have an adverse effect on our
income and expenses. 

We could face material and
adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities determine that our contracts with Dongfang Paper and its shareholders were not entered
into based on arm s length negotiations. If the PRC tax authorities determine that these contracts were not entered into on an arm s
length basis, they may adjust our income and expenses for PRC tax purposes in the form of a transfer pricing adjustment. Such an adjustment
may require that we pay additional PRC taxes plus applicable penalties and interest, if any. 

We may lose the ability to use, or otherwise
benefit from, the licenses, approvals and assets held by the VIE, which could severely disrupt our business, render us unable to conduct
some of our business operations and constrain our growth. 

IT Tech Packaging relies on
contractual arrangements with the VIE to use, or otherwise benefit from, certain foreign restricted licenses and permits that it needs
or may need in the future as its business continues to expand. The contractual arrangements contain terms that specifically obligate the
VIE s shareholders to ensure the valid existence of the VIE and restrict the disposal of material assets of the VIE. However, in
the event the VIE s shareholders breach the terms of these contractual arrangements and voluntarily liquidate the VIE, or the VIE
declares bankruptcy and all or part of its assets become subject to liens or rights of third-party creditors, or is otherwise disposed
of without IT Tech s consent, IT Tech may be unable to conduct its business operations or otherwise benefit from the assets held
by the VIE, which could have an adverse effect on IT Tech s business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore,
if the VIE undergoes a voluntary or involuntary liquidation proceeding, its shareholders or unrelated third-party creditors may claim
rights to some or all of the assets of the VIE, thereby hindering IT Tech s ability to operate its business. 

The exercise of our option to purchase part
or all of the equity interests in Dongfang Paper under the Call Option Agreement might be subject to approval by the PRC government. Our
failure to obtain this approval may impair our ability to substantially control Dongfang Paper and could result in actions by Dongfang
Paper that conflict with our interests. 

Our Call Option Agreement
with Dongfang Paper and its shareholders gives our Chinese subsidiary, Baoding Shengde or its designated entity or natural person, the
option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in Dongfang Paper. The option may not be exercised by Baoding Shengde if the exercise
would violate any applicable laws and regulations in China or cause any license or permit held by, and necessary for the operation of
Dongfang Paper, to be cancelled or invalidated. Under the laws of China, if a foreign entity, through a foreign investment company that
it invests in, acquires a domestic related company, China s regulations regarding mergers and acquisitions may technically apply
to the transaction. If these regulations apply, an examination and approval of the transaction by China s Ministry of Commerce MOFCOM ),
or its local counterparts would be required. In addition, an appraisal of the equity interest or the assets to be acquired would also
be mandatory. Since the scope of business activities (making of cultural paper products) as defined in the business license of Baoding
Shengde does not involve the MOFCOM approval and monitoring, we do not believe at this time that an approval or an appraisal is required
for Baoding Shengde to exercise its option to acquire Dongfang Paper. In light of the different views on this issue, however, it is possible
that the central MOFCOM office in Beijing will issue a standardized opinion imposing the approval and appraisal requirement. If we are
not able to purchase the equity of Dongfang Paper, then we will lose a substantial portion of our ability to control Dongfang Paper and
our ability to ensure that Dongfang Paper will act in our interests. 

40 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Our common stock may be delisted from the NYSE American under
the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB is unable to adequately inspect audit documentation located in China. The delisting
of our common stock, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. 

The HFCAA, was enacted on December 18, 2020. The HFCAA states if the
SEC determines that a company has filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection
by the PCAOB for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit such ordinary shares from being traded on a national
securities exchange or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. 

On March 24, 2021, the SEC
adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCAA. A company
will be required to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies it as having a non-inspection year under a process to
be subsequently established by the SEC. The SEC is assessing how to implement other requirements of the HFCAA, including the listing and
trading prohibition requirements described above. Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign
Companies Accountable Act, which was signed into law on December 29, 2022 amends the HFCAA and requires the SEC to prohibit an issuer s
securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead
of three. On September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted a final rule implementing the HFCAA, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to use
when determining, as contemplated under the HFCAA Act, whether the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public
accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. On December
2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize the interim final rules previously adopted in March 2021 to implement the submission and
disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an
audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable to inspect
or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued
a Determination Report which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered
in: (1) mainland China of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in mainland China; and (2) Hong Kong, a Special
Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong. The PCAOB has made
such designations as mandated under the HFCAA. Pursuant to each annual determination by the PCAOB, the SEC will, on an annual basis, identify
issuers that have used non-inspected audit firms and thus are at risk of such suspensions in the future. On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB
signed the Protocol with the CSRC and the MOF of the People s Republic of China, governing inspections and investigations of audit
firms based in mainland China and Hong Kong. The Protocol remains unpublished and is subject to further explanation and implementation.
Pursuant to the fact sheet with respect to the Protocol disclosed by the SEC, the PCAOB shall have independent discretion to select any
issuer audits for inspection or investigation and the unfettered ability to transfer information to the SEC. On December 15, 2022, the
PCAOB announced that it was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered
in China mainland and Hong Kong completely in 2022. The PCAOB Board vacated its previous 2021 determinations that the PCAOB was unable
to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in China mainland and Hong Kong. However, whether
the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in
China mainland and Hong Kong is subject to uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our, and our auditor s, control.
The PCAOB is continuing to demand complete access in China mainland and Hong Kong moving forward and is already making plans to resume
regular inspections in early 2023 and beyond, as well as to continue pursuing ongoing investigations and initiate new investigations as
needed. The PCAOB has indicated that it will act immediately to consider the need to issue new determinations with the HFCAA if needed.
Therefore, the PCAOB may in the future determine that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms
in mainland China and Hong Kong. 

Our auditor, WWC, P.C., Certified Public Accountants, the independent
registered public accounting firm that issued the audit report included in our annual report, an auditor of companies that are traded
publicly in the United States and an U.S.-based accounting firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant
to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor is based
in the United States and is subject to inspection by the PCAOB on a regular basis with the last inspection in November 2021. 

However, our auditor s working papers related to us and the consolidated
VIE and its subsidiary are located in China. If our auditor is not permitted to provide requested audit work papers located in China to
the PCAOB, investors would be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB s oversight of our auditor through such inspections which could
result in limitation or restriction to our access to the U.S. capital markets, and trading of our securities may be prohibited under the
HFCAA, which would result in the delisting of our securities from the NYSE American. 

41 

If we fail to comply with Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 in a timely manner, our business could be harmed and our stock price could decline. 

Rules adopted by the SEC
pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require annual assessment of U.S. public companies internal control over
financial reporting. The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective
are complex, and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. While we have not
detected any significant deficiency or material weakness in our internal control and with respect to the assessment of the internal control
for the year ended December 31, 2022, we cannot guarantee the implementation of controls and procedures in future years to be without
any significant deficiency or material weakness. 

If we become directly subject to the scrutiny
involving U.S. listed Chinese companies, we may have to expend significant resources to investigate and/or defend the matter, which could
harm our business operations, stock price and reputation. 

U.S. public companies that
have substantially all of their operations in China have been the subject of intense scrutiny by investors, financial commentators and
regulatory agencies. Much of the scrutiny has centered around financial and accounting irregularities and mistakes, a lack of effective
internal controls over financial reporting and, in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result of the scrutiny, the publicly traded
stock of many U.S. listed China-based companies that have been the subject of such scrutiny has sharply decreased in value. Many of these
companies are now subject to shareholder lawsuits and/or SEC enforcement actions that are conducting internal and/or external investigations
into the allegations. If we become the subject of any such scrutiny, whether any allegations are true or not, we may have to expend significant
resources to investigate such allegations and/or defend our company. Such investigations or allegations will be costly and time-consuming
and distract our management from our business plan and could result in our reputation being harmed and our stock price could decline as
a result of such allegations, regardless of the truthfulness of the allegations. 

Our officers and directors control us through their positions
and stock ownership and their interests may differ from other stockholders. 

As of March 23, 2023, there
were 10,065,920 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. Mr. Zhenyong Liu, our Chief Executive Officer, beneficially owns approximately
4.7 of our common stock. As a result, he is able to influence the outcome of stockholder votes on various matters, including the election
of directors and extraordinary corporate transactions including business combinations. Yet Mr. Liu s interests may differ from those
of other stockholders. Furthermore, ownership of 4.7 of our common stock by Mr. Liu reduces the public float and liquidity, and may affect
the market price, of our common stock as traded on the NYSE American. 

We may not continue to pay cash dividends and any return on investment
may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

While we intend to retain
the majority of any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business, we did declare four quarterly cash dividends
in April 2012 and November 2013. Although it is likely that our Board of Directors will continue the quarterly cash dividend as a regular
dividend policy in the coming years, there is no guarantee that the cash dividend will not be discontinued or reduced. Should we decide
to continue the cash dividend, as a holding company, our ability to pay dividends and meet other obligations depends upon the receipt
of dividends or other payments from our operating subsidiaries. In addition, our operating subsidiaries, from time to time, may be subject
to restrictions on their ability to make distributions to us, including restrictions on the conversion of local currency into U.S. dollars
or other hard currency and other regulatory restrictions. 

Our common stock may be affected by limited trading volume and
may fluctuate significantly. 

Our common stock is traded
on the NYSE American. Although a trading market has developed for our common stock, there can be no assurance that the trading market
for our common stock will be sustained. Failure to maintain a trading market for our common stock may adversely affect our shareholders 
ability to sell our common stock in short time periods, or at all. Our common stock has experienced, and may experience in the future,
significant price and volume fluctuations, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Future financings may dilute stockholders or impair our financial
condition. 

In the future, we may need
to raise additional funds through public or private financing, which might include the sale of equity securities. The issuance of equity
securities could result in financial and voting dilution to our existing stockholders. The issuance of debt could result in effective
subordination of stockholders interests to the debt, create the possibility of default, and limit our financial and business alternatives. 

42 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our headquarters are located
at Hebei Baoding Dongfang Paper Milling Company Limited, Juli Road, Xushui District, Baoding City, Hebei Province, China. We have two
main production bases, one production base located approximately 4 kilometers away from our headquarters, and the second production base
located in Wei County, Xingtai City, Hebei Province. 

All land in the PRC is owned
by the government and cannot be sold to any individual or entity. Instead, the government grants landholders a land use right 
after a purchase price for such land use right is paid to the government. The land use right allows the holder
the right to use the land for a specified long-term period of time and enjoys all the incidents of ownership of the land. The following
are the details regarding Dongfang Paper s land use rights with regard to the land that it uses in its business. 

The land of our first production
base (the Xushui Paper Mill ), comprising 200 mu, or approximately 33 acres, of land, is leased from the local government
pursuant to a 30 year lease that expires December 31, 2031. The lease requires an annual payment of approximately 17,406 (RMB 120,000)
due by June 30 every year. 

The land of the second production
base (the Xingtai Paper Mill ), comprising 300 mu, or approximately 50 acres, of land, is owned by Hebei Tengsheng Paper
Co., Ltd., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the PRC. Tengsheng Paper ). On June 25, 2019, Dongfang
Paper entered into an acquisition agreement with the shareholder of Hebei Tengsheng Paper Co., Ltd., pursuant to which Dongfang Paper
agreed to acquire Tengsheng Paper for the consideration in the amount of RMB 320 million (approximately 45 million) which was fully paid
on February 23, 2022. 

The office building and essentially
all industrial-use buildings at our headquarters (the Industrial Buildings are leased to us by a third party, Hebei Fangsheng
Real Estate Development Co. Ltd. Hebei Fangsheng ), for a term of up to three years starting August 2013, with an annual
rental payment of approximately 155,101 (RMB1,000,000). The lease agreement expired in August 2016. On August 9, 2016 and August 6, 2018,
the Company entered into a supplementary agreement with Hebei Fangsheng, who agreed to extend the lease term to August 9, 2022, with the
same rental payment as original lease agreement. 

In the spring of 2010, we
initiated the process of acquiring approximately 667,000 square meters of land adjacent to our first production base, Xushui Paper Mill
and subsequently received governmental approval for our capacity expansion plan. On April 13, 2012, we closed our acquisition of 58,566
square meters of land and secured all associated land use right permits (the Xushui Mill Annex ). For land acquisition of
the Xushui Mill Annex, we paid a total of 7.5 million for various payments of compensation, taxes, and recording fees to the sellers
and the local government. On October 26, 2012, we made a prepayment in the amount of 1,404,460 for the purchase of land use right from
the local residents council for approximately 65,023 square meters of land located inside of our Xushui Paper Mill. In December
2016, the Company completed the purchase of such land use right, with a land use term of 50 years expiring in 2066. 

As of December 31, 2022,
our facilities include a total of nine production lines, among which PM7 is currently idle and under renovation, and each PM4 and PM5
(both for digital photo paper) has been suspended, nine warehouses, two office buildings, two cafeterias, and five dormitories. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are currently not a party
to any legal or administrative proceedings and are not aware of any pending or threatened legal or administrative proceedings against
us in all material aspects. We may from time to time become a party to various legal or administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary
course of our business. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

43 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

IT Tech Packaging s common stock is traded on the NYSE
American under the symbol ITP . 

Holders 

As of March 23, 2023, we had approximately 9,000 shareholders
of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

On November 21, 2013, the Company declared another
quarterly dividend of 0.005 per share to shareholders of record as of November 29, 2013. The dividend was paid on December 10, 2013.
Total dividends declared and paid for the year ended December 31, 2013 were 323,032. 

We do not expect to pay dividends
in the near future. Future declaration of dividends will depend on, among other things, the Company s results of operations, capital
requirements, financial condition and on such other factors as the Company s Board of Directors may in its discretion consider relevant
and in the best long term interest of the shareholders. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

2021 Incentive Stock
Plan 

On November 12, 2021, the
Company s Annual General Meeting adopted and approved the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan of IT Tech Packaging, Inc.(the 2021
Plan ). Under the 2021 ISP, the Company has reserved a total of 150,000 shares of common stock for issuance as or under awards to
be made to the directors, officers, employees and/or consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

All shares of common stock
under the 2021 ISP, including shares originally authorized by equity holders and shares remaining for future issuance as of December 31,
2022, have been issued. 

Equity Compensation
Plan 

The
following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 about our equity compensation plan and arrangements: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options and restricted stock units 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, and restricted stock units 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

44 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion
of the financial condition and results of operations of the Company should be read in conjunction with the selected financial data, the
financial statements, and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this annual report. 

Results of Operations 

Revenue for the year ended
December 31, 2022 was 100,352,434, representing a decrease of 60,529,286, or 37.62 , from 160,881,720 for the previous year. This was
mainly due to the decrease in sales volume of corrugating medium paper CMP and offset printing paper and tissue paper
products. 

Revenue of Offset Printing Paper, Corrugating Medium Paper and Tissue
Paper Products 

Revenue from sales of offset
printing paper, CMP and tissue paper products for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 100,081,664, a decrease of 60,262,256, or 37.58 ,
from 160,343,920 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was mainly due to the decrease in sales volume of regular CMP, light-weight
CMP, offset printing paper and tissue paper products, and the decrease in ASPs of CMP products. 

Total quantities of offset
printing paper, CMP and tissue paper products sold during the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 219,604 tonnes, a decrease of 72,855
tonnes, or 24.91 , compared to 292,459 tonnes sold during the year ended December 31, 2021. Total quantities of CMP and offset printing
paper sold decreased by 65,873 tonnes in the year of 2022 as compared to 2021. We sold 1,273 tonnes of tissue paper products in the year
of 2022 as opposed to 8,255 tonnes in 2021. Production of CMP was suspended during January and February 2022 and offset printing paper
suspended during the year. Production was restricted due to Winter Olympics held in Beijing 2022 and COVID-19 control measures during
the year as required by the government. The changes in revenue and quantity sold for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized
as follows: 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

Percentage 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Change in 
 Change 
 
 Sales Revenue 
 Quantity (Tonne) 
 Amount 
 Quantity (Tonne) 
 Amount 
 Quantity (Tonne) 
 Amount 
 Quantity 
 Amount 
 
 Regular CMP 
 180,977 
 82,297,055 
 213,490 
 111,079,432 
 (32,513 
 (28,782,377 
 -15.23 
 -25.91 
 
 Light-Weight CMP 
 37,354 
 16,428,354 
 46,201 
 23,432,323 
 (8,847 
 (7,003,969 
 -19.15 
 -29.89 
 
 Total CMP 
 218,331 
 98,725,409 
 259,691 
 134,511,755 
 (41,360 
 (35,786,346 
 -15.93 
 -26.60 
 
 Offset Printing Paper 
 - 
 - 
 24,513 
 17,062,564 
 (24,513 
 (17,062,564 
 -100.00 
 -100.00 
 
 Tissue Paper Products 
 1,273 
 1,356,255 
 8,255 
 8,769,601 
 (6,982 
 (7,413,346 
 -84.58 
 -84.53 
 
 Total CMP, Offset Printing Paper and Tissue Paper Revenue 
 219,604 
 100,081,664 
 292,459 
 160,343,920 
 (72,855 
 (60,262,256 
 -24.91 
 -37.58 

45 

Monthly revenue (excluding revenue of digital
photo paper and tissue paper products) for the 24 months ended December 31, 2022, are summarized below: 

The average selling price, or ASP, for our major products
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized as follows: 

Offset Printing Paper ASP 
 Regular CMP ASP 
 Light-Weight CMP ASP 
 Tissue Paper Products ASP 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 696 
 520 
 507 
 1062 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 - 
 455 
 440 
 1065 
 
 Increase (Decrease) from comparable period in the previous year 
 -696 
 -65 
 -67 
 3 
 
 Increase (Decrease) by percentage 
 - 
 -12.50 
 -13.21 
 0.28 

The following is a chart showing the month-by-month ASPs
for the 24 month period ended December 31, 2022: 

46 

Corrugating Medium Paper 

Revenue from CMP amounted
to 98,725,409 (98.64 of the total offset printing paper, CMP and tissue paper products revenues) for the year ended December 31, 2022,
representing a decrease of 35,786,346, or 26.60 , from 134,511,755 during 2021. 

We sold 218,331 tonnes of
CMP in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 259,691 tonnes in the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a 15.93 decrease
in quantity sold. 

ASP for regular CMP dropped
from 520/tonne in 2021 to 455/tonne in 2022, representing a 12.50 decrease. ASP in RMB for regular CMP in 2021 and 2022 was RMB3,355
and RMB3,073, respectively, representing a 8.41 decrease. The quantity of regular CMP sold decreased by 32,513 tonnes, from 213,490 tonnes
in 2021 to 180,977 tonnes in 2022. 

ASP for light-weight CMP
dropped from 507/tonne in 2021 to 440/tonne in 2022, representing a 13.21 decrease. ASP in RMB for light-weight CMP in 2021 and 2022
was RMB3,270 and RMB2,972, respectively, representing a 9.11 decrease. The quantity of light-weight CMP sold decreased by 8,847 tonnes,
from 46,201 tonnes in 2021, to 37,354 tonnes in 2022. 

Our PM6 production line,
which produces regular CMP, has a designated capacity of 360,000 tonnes /year. The utilization rates for the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 were 49.28 and 60.94 , respectively, representing a decrease of 11.66 . 		 

Quantities sold for regular
CMP that was produced by the PM6 production line from January 2021 to December 2022 are as follows: 

Offset Printing Paper 

Revenue from offset printing
paper was nil for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the revenue of 17,062,564 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Due to
COVID-19, our paper production was restricted and production of offset printing paper was suspended in 2022. 

47 

Tissue Paper Products 

Revenue from tissue paper
products was 1,356,255 (1.36 of the total offset printing paper, CMP and tissue paper products revenues) for the year ended December
31, 2022, representing a decrease of 7,413,346, or 84.53 , from 8,769,601 in 2021. We sold 1,273 tonnes of tissue paper products in
the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 8,255 tonnes in 2021, a decrease of 6,982 tonnes, or 84.58 . 

ASP for tissue paper products
was 1,062/tonne and 1,065/tonne in the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, representing a 0.28 increase. ASP in RMB
for tissue paper products for the year ended 2021 and 2022 was RMB6,849 and RMB7,198, respectively, representing a 5.10 increase. 

Revenue of Face Mask 

Revenue generated from selling
face masks were 257,820 and 537,800 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We sold 5,625 thousand pieces of face masks in the
fourth quarter of 2022, as compared to 12,664 thousand pieces in the comparable period of 2021, a decrease of 7,039 thousand pieces, or
55.58 . 

Cost of Sales 

Total cost of sales for CMP,
offset printing paper and tissue paper products in the year ended December 31, 2022 was 95,384,334, a decrease of 54,045,377, or 36.17 ,
from 149,429,711 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was mainly a result of the decrease in sales volume of CMP and offset printing
paper and decrease of material costs of CMP. 

Cost of sales for CMP was
 91,093,891 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 125,445,157 in 2021. The decrease in the cost of sales of 34,351,266
for CMP was mainly due to the decrease in the quantities of regular CMP sold and the decrease in average cost of sales in the year of
2022. Average cost of sales per tonne for CMP decreased by 13.66 , from 483 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 417 in 2022.This
is mainly attributable to the lower average unit purchase costs (net of applicable value added tax) of recycled paper board. 

Cost of sales for offset
printing paper was nil for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 13,963,983 in 2021. 

Cost of sales for tissue
paper products was 4,290,443 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 10,020,571 in 2021. The decrease in the cost of sales
of 5,730,128 for tissue paper products was mainly due to the decrease in sales volume of tissue paper products, partially offset by the
increase in average cost of sales. Average cost of sales per tonne of tissue paper products increased by 177.59 , from 1,214 in 2021
to 3,370 in 2022. This was mainly due to the increase in cost of tissue base paper and higher manufacturing overhead costs absorbed
in the unit cost of sales due to low production yield. 

Changes in cost of sales and cost per tonne by product for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized below: 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Change in 
 Change in percentage 

Cost of Sales 
 Cost per Tonne 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost per tonne 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost per Tonne 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost per Tone 
 
 Regular CMP 
 76,213,404 
 421 
 104,057,538 
 487 
 (27,844,134 
 (66 
 -26.76 
 -13.55 
 
 Light-Weight CMP 
 14,880,487 
 398 
 21,387,619 
 463 
 (6,507,132 
 (65 
 -30.42 
 -14.04 
 
 Total CMP 
 91,093,891 
 417 
 125,445,157 
 483 
 (34,351,266 
 (66 
 -27.38 
 -13.66 
 
 Offset Printing Paper 
 - 
 - 
 13,963,983 
 570 
 (13,963,983 
 (570 
 -100.00 
 -100.00 
 
 Tissue Paper Products 
 4,290,443 
 3,370 
 10,020,571 
 1,214 
 (5,730,128 
 2,156 
 -57.18 
 177.59 
 
 Total CMP, Offset Printing Paper and Tissue Paper Revenue 
 95,384,334 
 n/a 
 149,429,711 
 n/a 
 (54,045,377 
 n/a 
 -36.17 
 n/a 

Our average unit purchase
costs (net of applicable value added tax) of recycled paper board for the year ended December 31, 2022 were RMB 1,690/tonne (approximately
 250/tonne), as compared to RMB 1,997/tonne (approximately 310/tonne) for the year ended December 31, 2021. These changes (in US dollars)
represent a year-over-year decrease of 19.35 for the unit purchase cost of recycled paper board. We use domestic recycled paper (sourced
mainly from the Beijing-Tianjin metropolitan area) exclusively. Although we do not rely on imported recycled paper, the pricing of which
tends to be more volatile than domestic recycled paper, our experience suggests that the pricing of domestic recycled paper bears some
correlation to the pricing of imported recycled paper. 

48 

The pricing trends of our major raw materials for the 24-month
period from January 2021 to December 2022 are shown below: 

Electricity and gas are our
two main energy sources. Electricity and gas accounted for approximately 4 and 12.4 of total sales in 2022, respectively, compared to
4 and 10.5 of total sales 2021. The monthly energy cost (electricity and gas) as a percentage of total monthly sales of our main paper
products for the 24 months ended December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows: 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit for December
31, 2022 was 4,754,196 (4.74 of the total revenue), representing a decrease of 6,263,363, or 56.85 , from the gross profit of 11,017,559
(6.85 of the total revenue) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly due to (i) the decrease in quantities sold
of CMP, offset printing paper and tissue paper products, and (ii) the increase in material costs of tissue paper products. 

49 

Corrugating Medium Paper, Offset Printing Paper and Tissue Paper
Products 

Gross profit for offset printing paper, CMP
and tissue paper products for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4,697,330, a decrease of 6,216,879, or 56.96 , from the gross profit
of 10,914,209 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly the result of the factors discussed above. 

The overall gross profit margin for offset printing
paper, CMP and tissue paper products decreased by 2.12 percentage points, from 6.81 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 4.69 for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Gross profit margin for regular CMP for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was 7.39 , or 1.07 percentage points higher, as compared to gross profit margin of 6.32 for the year ended December
31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to decrease in material costs, partially offset by the decrease in ASP of regular CMP. 

Gross profit margin for light-weight CMP for
the year ended December 31, 2022 was 9.42 , or 0.69 percentage points higher, as compared to gross profit margin of 8.73 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to the decrease in material costs, partially offset by the decrease in ASP of
light-weight CMP. 

Gross profit margin for tissue paper products
was -216.34 for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 202.08 percentage points, as compared to -14.26 for the year ended December
31, 2021.The decrease was mainly due to the increase in cost of tissue base paper. 

Monthly gross profit margins for our corrugating
medium paper and offset printing paper for the 24-month period ended December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Face Masks 

Gross profit for face mask
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 67,328, representing a gross margin of 26.11 compared with a gross profit of 103,350, representing
a gross margin of 19.22 , for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 10,058,723, an increase of 500,533, or 5.24 from 9,558,190 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase was mainly due to 150,000 shares of common stock granted under our compensatory incentive plan in August 2022,
value at 156,000 and additional bad debt provision. 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

Operating loss for
the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5,304,527, a decrease of 6,763,896, or 463.48 , from income from operations of 1,459,369 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in gross profit and increase in selling, general and
administrative expenses. 

50 

Other Income and Expenses 

Interest expense for the
year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 96,751, from 1,124,702 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 1,027,951. The Company had
short-term and long-term interest-bearing loans and lease obligation that aggregated 15,442,807 as of December 31, 2022, as compared
to 16,139,485 as of December 31, 2021. 

Provision for Income Taxes 

Full allowance for deferred
tax asset loss was provided in the year of 2022. Income tax for the year ended December 31, 2022 is 11,711,339 as compared to the income
tax 5,546,954 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net Income (Loss) 

As a result of the above,
net loss was 16,571,308 for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a decrease of 17,476,843, or 1930.0 , from net income of
 905,535 for year ended December 31, 2021. 

Accounts Receivable 

Net accounts receivable decreased
by 3,987,056, or 81.89 , to 881,878 as of December 31, 2022, as compared with 4,868,934 as of December 31, 2021. We usually collect
accounts receivable within 30 days of delivery and completion of sales. 

Inventories 

Inventories consist of raw
materials (accounting for 51.22 of total value of inventory as of December 31, 2022), semi-finished goods and finished goods. As of
December 31, 2022, the recorded value of inventory decreased by 50.85 to 2,872,622 from 5,844,895 as of December 31, 2021. As of December
31, 2022, the inventory of recycled paper board, which is the main raw material for the production of CMP, was 1,258,161, approximately
 838,901, or 40.00 , lower than the balance as of December 31, 2021. As a result of better control over stock turnover, recycled paper
board and finished goods were reduced by 40 and 62.7 , respectively, as at December 31, 2022 as compared to finished goods at the end
of 2021.	 

A summary of changes in
major inventory items is as follows: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Raw Materials 

Recycled paper board 
 1,258,161 
 2,097,062 
 -838,901 
 -40.00 
 
 Recycled white scrap paper 
 10,809 
 11,808 
 -999 
 -8.46 
 
 Tissue base paper 
 60,660 
 38,745 
 21,915 
 56.56 
 
 Gas 
 42,237 
 32,753 
 9,484 
 28.96 
 
 Mask fabric and other raw materials 
 99,569 
 167,786 
 -68,217 
 -40.66 
 
 Total Raw Materials 
 1,471,436 
 2,348,154 
 -876,718 
 -37.34 

Semi-finished Goods 
 132,810 
 96,087 
 36,723 
 38.22 
 
 Finished Goods 
 1,268,376 
 3,400,654 
 -2,132,278 
 -62.70 
 
 Total inventory, gross 
 2,872,622 
 5,844,895 
 -2,972,273 
 -50.85 
 
 Inventory reserve 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total inventory, net 
 2,872,622 
 5,844,895 
 (2,972,273 
 -50.85 

51 

Renewal of operating lease 

On August 7, 2013, the Company s
Audit Committee and the Board of Directors approved the sale of the land use right of the Headquarters Compound (the LUR ),
the office building and essentially all industrial-use buildings in the Headquarters Compound (the Industrial Buildings ),
and three employee dormitory buildings located within the Headquarters Compound (the Dormitories to Hebei Fangsheng for
cash prices of approximately 2.77 million, 1.15 million, and 4.31 million respectively. In connection with the sale of the Industrial
Buildings, Hebei Fangsheng agreed to lease the Industrial Buildings back to the Company for its original use for a term of up to three
years, with an annual rental payment of approximately 147,988 (RMB1,000,000). The lease agreement was renewed in August 2022 with a term
of six years with the same rental payments as provided for in the original lease agreement. 

Capital Expenditure Commitment as of December 31, 2022 

On May 5, 2020, the Company
announced it planned the commercial launch of a new tissue paper production line PM10 and the Company signed an agreement to purchase
paper machine with paper machine supplier. The Company expected the new tissue paper production line to be launched after the completion
of trial run. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had approximately 4.3 million in capital expenditure commitments that were mainly related to the purchase of paper machine of PM10.
The infrastructure work of PM10 has been completed and the associated ancillary facilities are working in progress. These commitments
are expected to be financed by bank loans and cash flows generated from our business operations. 

Financing with Sale-Leaseback 

The Company entered into
a sale-leaseback arrangement (the Lease Financing Agreement with TAC Leasing Co., Ltd.( TLCL on August 6,
2020, for a total financing proceeds in the amount of RMB 16 million (approximately US 2.5 million). Under the sale-leaseback arrangement,
Tengsheng Paper sold the Leased Equipment to TLCL for 16 million (approximately US 2.5 million). Concurrent with the sale of equipment,
Tengsheng Paper leases back the equipment sold to TLCL for a lease term of three years. At the end of the lease term, Tengsheng Paper
may pay a nominal purchase price of RMB 100 (approximately 15) to TLCL and buy back the Leased Equipment. The Leased Equipment in amount
of 2,349,452 was recorded as right of use assets and the net present value of the minimum lease payments was recorded as lease liability
and calculated with TLCL s implicit interest rate of15.6 per annum and stated at 567,099 at the inception of the lease on August
17, 2020. 

Tengsheng Paper made payments
due according to the schedule. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of Leased Equipment net of amortization was 1,939,970 and
 2,286,459, respectively. The lease liability were 131,772 and 362,394, and its current portion in the amount of 131,772 and 210,161
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Amortization of the Leased
Equipment was 157,854 and 165,441 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total interest expenses for the sale
lease back arrangement was 38,954 and 71,798 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As a result of the sale
and leaseback, a deferred gain in the amount of 430,695 was recorded. The deferred gain is amortized over the lease term and as an offset
to amortization of the Leased Equipment. 

52 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and restricted cash 

Our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
as of December 31, 2022 was 9,524,868, a decrease of 1,676,744, from 11,201,612 as of December 31, 2021. The decrease of cash and cash
equivalents for the year ended December 31, 2022 was attributable to a number of factors including: 

i. Net cash provided by operating activities 

Net cash provided by operating
activities was 10,719,388 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The balance represented a decrease of cash of 13,155,459, or 540.03 ,
from 2,436,071 used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 
 16,571,308, representing a decrease of 17,476,843, or 1930.0 , from a net income of 905,535 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Changes
in various asset and liability account balances throughout the year ended December 31, 2022 also contributed to the net change in cash
from operating activities in year ended December 31, 2022. Chief among such changes is the decrease of accounts receivable in the amount
of 3,750,196 (an increase to net cash) during the year of 2022. There was also a decrease of 2,554,072 in the ending inventory balance
as of December 31, 2022 (an increase to net cash for the year ended December 31, 2022 cash flow purposes). In addition, the Company had
non-cash expenses relating to depreciation and amortization in the amount of 14,788,036, net deferred tax allowance of 10,261,104 and
allowance for bad debts of 843,779. The Company also had a net increase of 3,976,010 in prepayment and other current assets (a decrease
to net cash) and a net increase of 1,018,448 in other payables and accrued liabilities and related parties (a decrease to net cash),
as well as a decrease in income tax payable of 614,738 (a decrease to net cash) during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ii. Net cash used in investing activities 

We incurred 10,898,531 in
net cash expenditures for investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 25,071,372 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. Payments in 2022 were mainly for the last installments for the Tengsheng land acquisition. 

iii. Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net cash used in financing
activities was 879,596 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net cash provided by financing activities in the amount of
 34,193,824 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ICBC Loan 1 
 - 
 5,958,561 
 
 ICBC Loan 2 
 5,023,978 

ICBC Loan 3 
 287,167 
 - 
 
 ICBC Loan 4 
 143,583 
 - 
 
 China Construction Bank Loan 
 143,583 
 - 

Total short-term bank loans 
 5,598,311 
 5,958,561 

On November 25, 2021, the Company entered into
a working capital loan agreement with the ICBC, with a balance of 5,958,561 as of December 31, 2021. The working capital loan was secured
by the land use right of Dongfang Paper as collateral for the benefit of the bank and guaranteed by Mr. Liu. The loan bears a fixed interest
rate of 4.785 per annum. The loan was fully repaid in November 2022. 

On November 10, 2022, the Company entered into
a working capital loan agreement with the ICBC, with a balance of 5,023,978 as of December 31, 2022. The working capital loan was secured
by the land use right of Dongfang Paper as collateral for the benefit of the bank and guaranteed by Mr. Liu. The loan bears a fixed interest
rate of 4.785 per annum. The loan will be due by November 13, 2023. 

On November 30, 2022, the Company entered into
a working capital loan agreement with the ICBC, with a balance of 287,167 as of December 31, 2022. The loan bears a fixed interest rate
of 4.3 per annum. The loan will be due by May 29, 2023. 

On November 30, 2022, the Company entered into
a working capital loan agreement with the ICBC, with a balance of 143,583 as of December 31, 2022. The loan bears a fixed interest rate
of 4.3 per annum. The loan will be due by May 29, 2023. 

On July 29, 2022, the Company entered into a
working capital loan agreement with the China Construction Bank, with a balance of 143,583 as of December 31, 2022. The loan bears a
fixed interest rate of 3.95 per annum. The loan will be due by July 29, 2023. 

As of December 31, 2021, there were guaranteed
short-term borrowings of 5,958,561 and unsecured bank loans of nil. As of December 31, 2022, there were guaranteed short-term borrowings
of 5,023,978 and unsecured bank loans of 574,333. 

The average short-term borrowing
rates for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were approximately 4.72 and 4.73 , respectively. 

53 

Long-term loans 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, long-term
loans balance is 9,040,002 and 9,818,530, respectively. 

On April 16, 2014, the Company
entered into a loan agreement with the Rural Credit Union of Xushui District for a term of 5 years, which was originally due in various
installments from June 21, 2014 to November 18, 2018. The loan is guaranteed by an independent third party. Interest payment is due quarterly
and bore a rate of 7.68 per annum. With effective from November 15, 2022, the interest rate is reduced to 7 per annum. On November 6,
2018, the loan was renewed for additional 5 years and will be due and payable in various installments from December 21, 2018 to November
5, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, total outstanding loan balance was 1,234,816 and 1,348,871, respectively, Out of the total
outstanding loan balance, current portion amounted were 1,234,816 and 329,376 as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which
are presented as current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet and the remaining balance of nil and 1,019,495 are presented
as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

On July 15, 2013, the Company
entered into a loan agreement with the Rural Credit Union of Xushui District for a term of 5 years, which was originally due and payable
in various installments from December 21, 2013 to July 26, 2018. On June 21, 2018, the loan was extended for additional 5 years and will
be due and payable in various installments from December 21, 2018 to June 20, 2023. The loan is secured by certain of the Company s
manufacturing equipment with net book value of 280,466 and 1,130,333 as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Interest payment
is due quarterly and bore a rate of 7.68 per annum. With effective from November 15, 2022, the interest rate is reduced to 7 per annum.
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the total outstanding loan balance was 3,589,582 and 3,921,139, respectively. Out of the total outstanding
loan balance, current portion amounted were 3,589,582 and 1,960,569 as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively, which are presented
as current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet and the remaining balance of nil and 1,960,570 are presented as non-current
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

On April 17, 2019, the Company
entered into a loan agreement with the Rural Credit Union of Xushui District for a term of 2 years, which was due and payable in various
installments from August 21, 2019 to April 16, 2021. The loan was renewed on March 22, 2021 and December 24, 2021 and extended for additional
3 years in total, which will be due on April 16, 2024 according to the new schedule. The loan is secured by Tengsheng Paper with its land
use right as collateral for the benefit of the credit union. Interest payment is due quarterly and bore a rate of 7.68 per annum. With
effective from November 15, 2022, the interest rate is reduced to 7 per annum. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the total outstanding
loan balance was 2,297,332 and 2,509,528, respectively. Out of the total outstanding loan balance, current portion amounted were nil
and 2,509,528 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, which are presented as current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet
and the remaining balance of 2,297,332 and nil are presented as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On December 12, 2019, the
Company entered into a loan agreement with the Rural Credit Union of Xushui District for a term of 2 years, which is due and payable in
various installments from June 21, 2020 to December 11, 2021. The loan was renewed on March 22, 2021 and December 24, 2021 and extended
for additional 3 years in total, which will be due on December 11, 2024 according to the new schedule. The loan is secured by Tengsheng
Paper with its land use right as collateral for the benefit of the credit union. Interest payment is due monthly and bore a rate of 7.68 
per annum. With effective from November 15, 2022, the interest rate is reduced to 7 per annum. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the
total outstanding loan balance was 1,866,582 and 2,038,992, respectively. Out of the total outstanding loan balance, current portion
amounted were nil and 2,038,992 as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively, which are presented as current liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheet and the remaining balance of 1,866,582 and nil are presented as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet
as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

On July 1, 2022, the Company
entered into a loan agreement with Jiangna Yu, a customer of the Company, pursuant to which the Company borrowed RMB400,000 from Jiangna
Yu for a term of five years. The loan is payable in monthly installment of RMB10,667 from July 2022 to July 2027. As of December 31, 2022,
the total outstanding loan balance was 51,690. Out of the total outstanding loan balance, the current portion amounted 11,486, which
is presented as current liabilities and the remaining balance of 40,204 is presented as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance
sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

Total interest expenses for
the short-term bank loans and long-term loans for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were 988,997 and 1,052,904 respectively. 

Related party transactions 

Mr. Zhenyong Liu has loaned
money to Dongfang Paper for working capital purposes over a period of time. On January 1, 2013, Dongfang Paper and Mr. Zhenyong Liu renewed
the three-year term loan previously entered on January 1, 2010, and extended the maturity date further to December 31, 2015. On December
31, 2015, the Company paid off the loan of 2,249,279, together with interest of 391,374 for the period from 2013 to 2015. Approximately
 368,052 and 402,047 of interest were outstanding to Mr. Zhenyong Liu, which were recorded in other payables and accrued liabilities
as part of the current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

54 

On December 10, 2014, Mr.
Zhenyong Liu provided a loan to the Company, amounted to 8,742,278 to Dongfang Paper for working capital purpose with an interest rate
of 4.35 per annum, which was based on the primary lending rate of People s Bank of China. The unsecured loan was provided on December
10, 2014, and would be originally due on December 10, 2017. During the year of 2016, the Company repaid 6,012,416 to Mr. Zhenyong Liu,
together with interest of 288,596. In February 2018, the company paid off the remaining balance, together with interest of 20,400. As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, approximately 43,075 and 47,054 of interest were outstanding to Mr. Zhenyong Liu, which was recorded
in other payables and accrued liabilities as part of the current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 

On March 1, 2015, the Company
entered into an agreement with Mr. Zhenyong Liu which allows Dongfang Paper to borrow from the CEO an amount up to 17,201,342 (RMB120,000,000)
for working capital purposes. The advances or funding under the agreement are due three years from the date each amount is funded. The
loan is unsecured and carries an annual interest rate set on the basis of the primary lending rate of the People s Bank of China
at the time of the borrowing. On July 13, 2015, an unsecured amount of 4,324,636 was drawn from the facility. On October 14, 2016 an
unsecured amount of 2,883,091 was drawn from the facility. In February 2018, the company repaid 1,507,432 to Mr. Zhenyong Liu. The loan
would be originally due on July 12, 2018. Mr. Zhenyong Liu agreed to extend the loan for additional 3 years and the remaining balance
will be due on July 12, 2021. On November 23, 2018, the company repaid 3,768,579 to Mr. Zhenyong Liu, together with interest of 158,651.
In December 2019, the company paid off the remaining balance, together with interest of 94,636. As of December 2022, and 2021, the outstanding
interest was 197,338 and 215,565, respectively, which was recorded in other payables and accrued liabilities as part of the current
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 

As of December 31, 2022,
and 2021, total amount of loans due to Mr. Zhenyong Liu were nil. The interest expense incurred for such related party loans are nil
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The accrued interest payable to Mr. Zhenyong Liu was approximately 608,465 and 664,666,
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which was recorded in other payables and accrued liabilities 

On December 8, 2021, the
Company entered into an agreement with Mr. Zhenyong Liu, which allowed Mr. Zhenyong Liu to borrow from the Company an amount of 6,507,431
(RMB44,089,085). The loan is unsecured and carries a fixed interest rate of 3 per annum. The loan was repaid by Mr. Zhenyong Liu in February
2022. 

In October 2022 and November
2022, the Company entered into two agreements with Mr. Zhenyong Liu, which allowed Mr. Zhenyong Liu to borrow from the Company an amount
of 7,179,163 (RMB50,000,000) in total. The loans were unsecured and carried a fixed interest rate of 4.35 per annum. The loans were
fully repaid by Mr. Zhenyong Liu in February 2023. 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, amount due to shareholder are 727,433, which represent funds from shareholders to pay for various expenses incurred in the U.S.
The amount is due on demand with interest free. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The Company s financial
statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which require us to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these
estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made. However, actual results could differ materially from
those estimates. The most critical accounting policies are listed below: 

Revenue Recognition Policy 

The Company recognizes revenue
when goods are delivered and a formal arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, the delivery is completed, no other significant
obligations of the Company exist, and collectability is reasonably assured. Goods are considered delivered when the customer s truck
picks up goods at our finished goods inventory warehouse. 

Long-Lived Assets 

The Company evaluates the
recoverability of long-lived assets and the related estimated remaining useful lives when events or circumstances lead management to
believe that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those
assets are less than the assets carrying amount. In such circumstances, those assets are written down to estimated fair value.
Our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on market conditions, assumptions for operational performance
of our businesses, and possible government policy toward operating efficiency of the Chinese paper manufacturing industry. For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no events or circumstances occurred for which an evaluation of the recoverability of long-lived assets
was required. We are currently not aware of any events or circumstances that may indicate any need to record such impairment in the future. 

55 

Foreign Currency Translation 

The functional currency of
Dongfang Paper and Baoding Shengde is the Chinese Yuan Renminbi RMB ). Under ASC Topic 830-30, all assets and liabilities
are translated into United States dollars using the current exchange rate at the end of each fiscal period. The current exchange rates
used by the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 to translate the Chinese RMB to the U.S. Dollars are 6.9646:1 and 6.3757:1, respectively.
Revenues and expenses are translated using the prevailing average exchange rates at 6.7573:1, and 6.4474:1 for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Translation adjustments are included in other comprehensive income (loss). 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We were the guarantor for
Baoding Huanrun Trading Co., for its long-term bank loans in an amount of 4,862,211 (RMB31,000,000), which matures at various times in
2023. Baoding Huanrun Trading Co. is one of our major suppliers of raw materials. This helps us to maintain a good relationship with the
supplier and negotiate for better terms in payment for materials. If Huanrun Trading Co. were to become insolvent, the Company could be
materially adversely affected. Except as aforesaid, we have no material off-balance sheet transactions. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2019, the FASB issued
ASU 2019-05, which is an update to ASU Update No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit
Losses on Financial Instruments, which introduced the expected credit losses methodology for the measurement of credit losses on financial
assets measured at amortized cost basis, replacing the previous incurred loss methodology. The amendments in Update 2016-13 added Topic
326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, and made several consequential amendments to the Codification. Update 2016-13 also modified
the accounting for available-for-sale debt securities, which must be individually assessed for credit losses when fair value is less than
the amortized cost basis, in accordance with Subtopic 326-30, Financial Instruments Credit Losses Available-for-Sale Debt
Securities. The amendments in this Update address those stakeholders concerns by providing an option to irrevocably elect the fair
value option for certain financial assets previously measured at amortized cost basis. For those entities, the targeted transition relief
will increase comparability of financial statement information by providing an option to align measurement methodologies for similar financial
assets. Furthermore, the targeted transition relief also may reduce the costs for some entities to comply with the amendments in Update
2016-13 while still providing financial statement users with decision-useful information. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-10,
which to update the effective date of ASU No. 2016-02 for private companies, not-for-profit organizations and certain smaller reporting
companies applying for credit losses, leases, and hedging standard. The new effective date for these preparers is for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2019-05 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In October 2021, the
FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations . The amendments in this Update address how to determine whether a contract
liability is recognized by the acquirer in a business combination and resolve the inconsistency of measuring revenue contracts with customers
acquired in a business combination by providing specific guidance on how to recognize and measure acquired contract assets and contract
liabilities from revenue contracts in a business combination. The amendments in this Update apply to all entities that enter into a business
combination within the scope of Subtopic 805-10, Business Combination-Overalls. For public business entities, ASU 2021-08 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
application is permitted. The amendments in this Update should be applied prospectively to business combinations occurring on or after
the effective date of the amendments. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Foreign Exchange Risk 

While our reporting currency
is the US dollar, almost all of our consolidated revenues and consolidated costs and expenses are denominated in RMB. All of our assets
are denominated in RMB except for some cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivables. As a result, we are exposed to foreign exchange
risks as our revenues and results of operations may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange rate between US dollar and RMB. If the
RMB depreciates against the US dollar, the value of our RMB revenues, earnings and assets as expressed in our US dollar financial statements
will decline. We have not entered into any hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to foreign exchange risk. 

Inflation 

Although we are generally
able to pass along minor incremental cost inflation to our customers, inflation such as increases in the costs of our products and overhead
costs may adversely affect our operating results. We do not believe that inflation in China has had a material impact on our financial
position or results of operations to date, however, a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to
maintain current levels of gross margin and selling and distribution, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues
if the selling prices of our products do not increase in line with the increased costs. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our audited financial statement
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, together with the report of the independent certified public accounting firms thereon
and the notes thereto, are presented beginning at page F-1. 

56 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

IT Tech Packaging, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of IT Tech Packaging, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of
income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) related to the accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in anyway our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate
opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

We determined that the auditing of deferred tax
asset should be considered a critical audit matter. The principal considerations in determining that this was a critical audit matter
was that the Company had a significant accumulated balance and the carrying value of such assets are subject to estimation, judgment,
and complex calculations. The balance resulted from temporary differences in taxes dues as the result of the difference in timing of recognition
of expenses that are required under generally accepted accounting principles, but may require deferral under local tax regulations. The
Company s consolidated financial statements include entities in multiple jurisdictions with varying tax laws. These circumstances
lead to estimation and interpretation that may be challenging to assess and evaluate as part of the audit. The audit engagement team addressed
this critical accounting matter by reviewing the Company s accounting policies, perform extended audit procedures including examination
of relevant local tax laws, testing for arithmetical accuracy of the asset, review of the Company s assumptions and estimates concerning
future profitability, and independent recalculation of the future tax asset. The engagement team was satisfied with the evidence accumulated
to support our audit opinion and to mitigate the risk of material misstatement to an acceptable level. The accounts that are affected
by this critical audit matter are deferred tax assets, related valuation allowance and income tax expense. 

/s/ WWC, P.C. 

Certified Public Accountants 

We have served as the Company s auditor since March 25, 2018. 

PCAOB NO.: 

March 23, 2023 

F- 1 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and bank balances 

Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 -

Inventories 

Prepayments and other current assets 

Due from related parties 

Total current assets 

Prepayment on property, plant and equipment 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 
 
 -

Finance lease right-of-use assets, net 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Value-added tax recoverable 

Deferred tax asset non-current 
 -

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Short-term bank loans 

Current portion of long-term loans 

Lease liability 

Accounts payable 

Advance from customers 
 -

Due to related parties 

Accrued payroll and employee benefits 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term loans 

Deferred gain on sale-leaseback 

Lease liability - non-current 

Derivative liability 

Total liabilities (including amounts of the consolidated VIE without recourse to the Company of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, shares authorized, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December, 31, 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Statutory earnings reserve 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 2 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF INCOME (LOSS) AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of sales 

Gross Profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

(Loss) Income from Operations 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest income 

Subsidy income 
 -

Interest expense 

Gain on acquisition 
 
 -

Gain (Loss) on derivative liability 

(Loss) Income before Income Taxes 

Provision for Income Taxes 

Net (Loss) Income 

Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Total Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

(Losses) Earnings Per Share: 

Basic and Diluted (Losses) Earnings per Share

Outstanding Basic and Diluted

F- 3 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 Statutory 
 Other 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Earnings 
 Comprehensive 
 Retained 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Reserve 
 Income (loss) 
 Earnings 
 Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of shares to institutional investors 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of shares to public investors 

- 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of warrants 

- 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Issuance of shares to officer and directors 

- 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

(Gain) Loss on derivative liability 

Gain on acquisition 
 
 -

(Recovery from) for bad debts 

Share-based compensation and expenses 
 
 -

Deferred tax 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepayments and other current assets 

Inventories 

Accounts payable 

Advance from customers 

Related parties 

Accrued payroll and employee benefits 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

Acquisition of land 
 
 -

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of shares and warrants, net 
 -

Proceeds from short term bank loans 

Proceeds from long term loans 
 
 -

Repayment of bank loans 

Payment of capital lease obligation 

Loan to a related party (net) 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 

Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash, Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year 

Cash, Cash Equivalents - End of Year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest cost 

Cash paid for income taxes 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per share
 The Reverse Stock Split become effective
on July 7, 2022 (the Effective Date ), and the shares began trading on the split-adjusted basis on the NYSE American under
the Company s existing trading symbol ITP at market open on July 8, 2022. The new CUSIP number following the Reverse
Stock Split will be 46527C 209. All references made to share or per share amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
and applicable disclosures have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the Reverse Stock Split. 

(as adjusted for a four-for-one reverse stock split effected in November 2009) shares of our common stock, which
shares were distributed pro-rata to the shareholders of Dongfang Holding in accordance with their respective ownership interests in Dongfang
Holding. At the time of the Merger Agreement, Dongfang Holding owned all of the issued and outstanding stock and ownership of Dongfang
Paper and such shares of Dongfang Paper were held in trust with Zhenyong Liu, Xiaodong Liu and Shuangxi Zhao, for Mr. Liu, Mr. Liu and
Mr. Zhao (the original shareholders of Dongfang Paper) to exercise control over the disposition of Dongfang Holding s shares in
Dongfang Paper on Dongfang Holding s behalf until Dongfang Holding successfully completed the change in registration of Dongfang
Paper s capital with the relevant PRC Administration of Industry and Commerce as the owner of Dongfang Paper s shares.
As a result of the merger transaction, Dongfang Holding became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Dongfang Holding s
wholly owned subsidiary, Dongfang Paper, became an indirectly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

owner of Dongfang
Paper, was unable to complete the registration of Dongfang Paper s capital under its name within the proper time limits set forth
under PRC law. In connection with the consummation of the restructuring transactions described below, Dongfang Holding directed the trustees
to return the shares of Dongfang Paper to their original shareholders, and the original Dongfang Paper shareholders entered into certain
agreements with Baoding Shengde Paper Co., Ltd. Baoding Shengde to transfer the control of Dongfang Paper over to Baoding
Shengde. 

F- 6 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(subsequently increased to in June 2010). Baoding Shengde is mainly engaged in production and distribution of digital photo
paper and single-use face masks and is owned by Shengde Holdings. Prior to February 10, 2010, the Contractual Agreements included
(i) Exclusive Technical Service and Business Consulting Agreement, which generally provides that Baoding Shengde shall provide exclusive
technical, business and management consulting services to Dongfang Paper, in exchange for service fees including a fee equivalent to 
of Dongfang Paper s total annual net profits; (ii) Loan Agreement, which provides that Baoding Shengde will make a loan in the aggregate
principal amount of to Dongfang Paper Equity Owners in exchange for each such shareholder agreeing to contribute all of its
proceeds from the loan to the registered capital of Dongfang Paper; (iii) Call Option Agreement, which generally provides, among other
things, that Dongfang Paper Equity Owners irrevocably grant to Baoding Shengde an option to purchase all or part of each owner s
equity interest in Dongfang Paper. The exercise price for the options shall be RMB which Baoding Shengde should pay to each of Dongfang
Paper Equity Owner for all their equity interests in Dongfang Paper; (iv) Share Pledge Agreement, which provides that Dongfang Paper Equity
Owners will pledge all of their equity interests in Dongfang Paper to Baoding Shengde as security for their obligations under the other
agreements described in this section. Specifically, Baoding Shengde is entitled to dispose of the pledged equity interests in the event
that Dongfang Paper Equity Owners breach their obligations under the Loan Agreement or Dongfang Paper fails to pay the service fees to
Baoding Shengde pursuant to the Exclusive Technical Service and Business Consulting Agreement; and (v) Proxy Agreement, which provides
that Dongfang Paper Equity Owners shall irrevocably entrust a designee of Baoding Shengde with such shareholder s voting rights
and the right to represent such shareholder to exercise such owner s rights at any equity owners meeting of Dongfang Paper
or with respect to any equity owner action to be taken in accordance with the laws and Dongfang Paper s Articles of Association.
The terms of the agreement are binding on the parties for as long as Dongfang Paper Equity Owners continue to hold any equity interest
in Dongfang Paper. A Dongfang Paper Equity Owner will cease to be a party to the agreement once it transfers its equity interests with
the prior approval of Baoding Shengde. As the Company had controlled Dongfang Paper since July 16, 2007 through Dongfang Holding and the
trust until June 24, 2009 and continued to control Dongfang Paper through Baoding Shengde and the Contractual Agreements, the execution
of the Contractual Agreements is considered as a business combination under common control. 

Loan Agreement.
Because of the Company s decision to fund future business expansions through Baoding Shengde instead of Dongfang Paper, the 
loan contemplated was never made prior to the point of termination. The parties believe the termination of the Loan Agreement does not
in itself compromise the effective control of the Company over Dongfang Paper and its businesses in the PRC. 

of the distributable profit of Dongfang Paper, pursuant to the above- mentioned Contractual Agreements. In addition, Dongfang Paper and
the Dongfang Paper Equity Owners shall not declare any of Dongfang Paper s unappropriated earnings as dividend, including the unappropriated
earnings of Dongfang Paper from its establishment to 2010 and thereafter. 

million (approximately million) was made on February 23, 2022. 

and of the Company s total revenue, respectively. Dongfang Paper and Tengsheng Paper
also accounted for and of the total assets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 7 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Shengde Holdings 

Baoding Shengde 

Qianrong 

Variable interest entity VIE ): 

Dongfang Paper 

Tengsheng Paper 

controlled variable interest
entity of the Company. 

subsidiary of Dongfang Paper. 

F- 8 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Restricted cash 
 -
 
 -

Accounts receivable 
 - 

Inventories 

Prepayments and other current assets 

Due from related parties 

Total current assets 

Prepayment on property, plant and equipment 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 
 
 - 
 
 Finance lease right-of-use assets, net 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Deferred tax asset non-current 
 - 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities 

Short-term bank loans 

Current portion of long-term loans 

Lease liability 

Accounts payable 

Advance from customers 
 - 

Accrued payroll and employee benefits 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term loans 

Deferred gain on sale-leaseback 

Lease liability - non-current 

Total liabilities 

F- 9 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Translation adjustments are included in other comprehensive income (loss). 

F- 10 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively; and the movement of the provision of the doubtful accounts is as below. While management uses the best information
available upon which to base estimates, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially
from the assumptions used for the purposes of analysis. 

Provision (Reversal) for the year 

Exchange difference 

Closing balance 

Building and improvements 
 years 

Machinery and equipment 
 - years 

Vehicles 
 years 

F- 11 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of its net profit to the reserve fund until the balance
of such fund has reached of its registered capital. Appropriations of additional reserve fund are determined at the discretion of
its directors. The reserve fund can only be used, upon approval by the relevant authority, to offset accumulated losses or increase capital. 

of its registered capital in the amount of RMB (or approximately since December 31, 2010, did not make any
transfer to statutory reserves during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

F- 12 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of advertising and promotion costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, and
2021. 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

, which are recognized
as subsidy income in the consolidated statements of income in that fiscal year. 

(before May 1, 2018), (after May 1, 2018) and (after April 1, 2019) in general, depending on
the types of products purchased and sold. The input VAT can be offset against the output VAT. Debit balance of VAT payable represents
a credit against future collection of output VAT instead of a receivable due from government. 

F- 13 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 14 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Recycled white scrap paper 

Gas 

Base paper and other raw materials 

Semi-finished Goods 

Finished Goods 

Total inventory, gross 

Inventory reserve 
 -
 
 -

Total inventory, net 

Prepayment for purchase of materials 

Prepayment for purchase of equipment 

Value-added tax recoverable 

Prepaid gas 
 
 -

Others 

Building and improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Vehicles 

Construction in progress 
 
 - 
 
 Totals 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property, Plant and Equipment, net 

F- 15 

IT
TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively, have been pledged pursuant to a long-term
loan from credit union of Dongfang Paper. Land use right of Dongfang Paper with net values of and , respectively,
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was pledged for the bank loan from Bank of Industrial Commercial Bank of China. Land use right
of Tengsheng Paper with net value of and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was pledged for a long-term
loan from credit union of Baoding Shengde. In addition, land use right of Tengsheng Paper with net value of and ,
respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was pledged for another long-term loan from credit union of Baoding Shengde. See Short-term
bank loans under Note (7), Loans Payable, for details of the transaction and asset collaterals. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. No Impairment loss was recorded
for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

million (approximately US million). Under the sale-leaseback arrangement, Tengsheng Paper sold the
Leased Equipment to TLCL for million (approximately US million). Concurrent with the sale of equipment, Tengsheng Paper leases
back the equipment sold to TLCL for a lease term of . At the end of the lease term, Tengsheng Paper may pay a nominal purchase
price of RMB (approximately to TLCL and buy back the Leased Equipment. The Leased Equipment in amount of was recorded
as right of use assets and the net present value of the minimum lease payments was recorded as lease liability and calculated with TLCL s
implicit interest rate of per annum and stated at at the inception of the lease on August 17, 2020. 

and , respectively.
The lease liability were and , and its current portion in the amount of and as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total interest expenses for the sale lease back arrangement
was and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

was recorded. The deferred gain is amortized over the lease term and as an offset to amortization of the
Leased Equipment. 

Less: unearned discount 
 ) 

Less: Current portion lease liability 

-

ICBC Loan 2 

ICBC Loan 3 
 
 -

ICBC Loan 4 
 
 -

China Construction Bank Loan 
 
 -

Total short-term bank loans 

F- 16 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

as of December 31, 2021. The working capital loan was secured
by the land use right of Dongfang Paper as collateral for the benefit of the bank and guaranteed by Mr. Liu. The loan bears a fixed interest
rate of per annum. The loan was fully repaid in November 2022. 

as of December 31, 2022. The working capital loan was secured
by the land use right of Dongfang Paper as collateral for the benefit of the bank and guaranteed by Mr. Liu. The loan bears a fixed interest
rate of per annum. The loan will be due by November 13, 2023. 

as of December 31, 2022. The loan bears a fixed interest rate
of per annum. The loan will be due by May 29, 2023. 

as of December 31, 2022. The loan bears a fixed interest rate
of per annum. The loan will be due by May 29, 2023. 

as of December 31, 2022. The loan bears a fixed interest
rate of per annum. The loan will be due by July 29, 2023. 

and unsecured bank loans of nil . As of December 31, 2022, there were guaranteed short-term borrowings
of and unsecured bank loans of . 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

Rural Credit Union of Xushui District Loan 2 

Rural Credit Union of Xushui District Loan 3 

Rural Credit Union of Xushui District Loan 4 

Yujiangna 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Less: Current portion of long-term loans 

Long-term loans from credit union 

F- 17 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2024 after 

Total 

The loan is guaranteed by an independent third party. Interest payment is due quarterly and bore
a rate of per annum. With effective from November 15, 2022, the interest rate is reduced to per annum. 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, total outstanding loan balance was and , respectively, Out of the total outstanding
loan balance, current portion amounted were and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which are presented
as current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet and the remaining balance of nil and are presented as non-current
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

The loan is secured by certain of the Company s manufacturing equipment
with net book value of and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Interest payment is due quarterly and
bore a rate of per annum. With effective from November 15, 2022, the interest rate is reduced to per annum. As of December 31,
2022, and 2021, the total outstanding loan balance was and , respectively. Out of the total outstanding loan balance,
current portion amounted were and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively, which are presented as current
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet and the remaining balance of nil and are presented as non-current liabilities
in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

The loan is secured by Tengsheng Paper with its land use
right as collateral for the benefit of the credit union. Interest payment is due quarterly and bore a rate of per annum. With effective
from November 15, 2022, the interest rate is reduced to per annum. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the total outstanding loan balance
was and , respectively. Out of the total outstanding loan balance, current portion amounted were nil and 
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, which are presented as current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet and the remaining
balance of and nil are presented as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

The loan is secured by Tengsheng Paper with its land use
right as collateral for the benefit of the credit union. Interest payment is due monthly and bore a rate of per annum. With effective
from November 15, 2022, the interest rate is reduced to per annum. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the total outstanding loan balance
was and , respectively. Out of the total outstanding loan balance, current portion amounted were nil and 
as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively, which are presented as current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet and the remaining
balance of and nil are presented as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and
2021, respectively. 

from Jiangna Yu for a term of
five years. The loan is payable in monthly installment of RMB from July 2022 to July 2027. As of December 31, 2022, the total outstanding
loan balance was . Out of the total outstanding loan balance, the current portion amounted , which is presented as current
liabilities and the remaining balance of is presented as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December
31, 2022. 

and respectively. 

F- 18 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On December 31, 2015, the
Company paid off the loan of , together with interest of for the period from 2013 to 2015. Approximately and
 of interest were outstanding to Mr. Zhenyong Liu, which were recorded in other payables and accrued liabilities as part of the
current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

to Dongfang Paper for working capital purpose with an interest rate of per annum,
which was based on the primary lending rate of People s Bank of China. The unsecured loan was provided on December 10, 2014, and
would be originally due on . During the year of 2016, the Company repaid to Mr. Zhenyong Liu, together with
interest of . In February 2018, the company paid off the remaining balance, together with interest of . As of December
31, 2022, and 2021, approximately and of interest were outstanding to Mr. Zhenyong Liu, which was recorded in other payables
and accrued liabilities as part of the current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 

(RMB for working capital
purposes. The advances or funding under the agreement are due three years from the date each amount is funded. The loan is unsecured and
carries an annual interest rate set on the basis of the primary lending rate of the People s Bank of China at the time of the borrowing.
On July 13, 2015, an unsecured amount of was drawn from the facility. On October 14, 2016 an unsecured amount of 
was drawn from the facility. In February 2018, the company repaid to Mr. Zhenyong Liu. The loan would be originally due on
 . 
On November 23, 2018, the company repaid to Mr. Zhenyong Liu, together with interest of . In December 2019, the company
paid off the remaining balance, together with interest of . As of December 2022, and 2021, the outstanding interest was 
and , respectively, which was recorded in other payables and accrued liabilities as part of the current liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheet. 

and , as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively,
which was recorded in other payables and accrued liabilities. 

(RMB ). The loan is unsecured
and carries a fixed interest rate of per annum. The loan was repaid by Mr. Zhenyong Liu in February 2022. 

(RMB in total. The loans were unsecured and carried a fixed interest rate of per annum. The loans were repaid by Mr. Zhenyong Liu in
February 2023. 

, which represent funds from shareholders to pay for various expenses incurred in the U.S. The amount is due
on demand with interest free. 

F- 19 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accrued rental 

Value-added tax payable 
 
 -

Accrued interest to a related party 

Payable for purchase of equipment 

Accrued commission to salesmen 

Accrued bank loan interest 

Others 

Totals 

- 
 
 Expected average volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

(Gain) Loss on change in fair value of derivative liability 

F- 20 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The purchase price for each
share of common stock and the corresponding warrant was . The exercise price of the warrant was per share. 

shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to shares
of common stock in a firm commitment underwritten public offering for gross proceeds of approximately million. The purchase price
for each share of common stock and accompanying warrant was . The exercise price of the warrant was per share. 

The
Reverse Stock Split was effected by the Company filing of a Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 with the Secretary of State of
the State of Nevada on July 7, 2022. The par value per share of our stock remains unchanged at per share after the Reverse Stock
Split. All references made to share or per share amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and applicable disclosures
have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the Reverse Stock Split. 

shares of common stock under its compensatory incentive plans to fifteen employees, as awards under the 2021 Incentive Stock
Plan. Please see Note (15), Stock Incentive Plans for more details. Total fair value of the stock was calculated at as of the
date of grant. 

shares of common stock and
warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock in a concurrent private placement (the May 2020 Warrants ).
The exercise price of the May 2020 Warrant is per share. 

shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to
 shares of common stock (the January 2021 Warrants ). 

shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to shares of
common stock (the March2021 Warrants ). 

F- 21 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Issued during the period 
 -

Exercised during the period 
 -

Cancelled or expired during the period 
 -

Outstanding and exercisable at end of the period 

Weighted average common stock outstanding - denominator 

Net (loss) income per share 

() 

Diluted (loss) income per share 

Net (loss) income for the year - numerator 

() 

Weighted average common stock outstanding - denominator 

Effect of dilution 

- 

- 

Weighted average common stock outstanding - denominator 

Diluted (loss) income per share 

() 

F- 22 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively. On December 22, 2017, the U.S. enacted
the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the 2017 TCJA ), which significantly changed U.S. tax law. The 2017TCJA lowered the Company s
U.S. statutory federal income tax rate from the highest rate of to effective January 1, 2018, while also imposing a deemed repatriation
tax on deferred foreign income which requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax on previously unremitted earnings of non-U.S.
subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred and creates new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. The SEC staff issued Staff Accounting
Bulletin (SAB) 118, which provides guidance on accounting for enactment effects of the2017 TCJA. SAB 118 provides a measurement period
of up to one year from the 2017 TCJA s enactment date for companies to complete their accounting under ASC 740. In accordance with
SAB 118, to the extent that a company s accounting for certain income tax effects of the 2017 TCJA is incomplete but it is able
to determine a reasonable estimate, it must record a provisional estimate in its financial statements. If a company cannot determine a
provisional estimate to be included in its financial statements, it should continue to apply ASC 740 on the basis of the provisions of
the tax laws that were in effect immediately before the enactment of the 2017 TCJA. 

in the fourth quarter
of 2017. However, the Company is continuing to gather additional information and will consider additional technical guidance to more precisely
compute and account for the amount of the transition tax. This amount may change when the Company finalizes the calculation of post-1986
foreign E P previously deferred from U.S. federal taxation and finalizes the amounts held in cash or other specified assets. The 2017
TCJA s transition tax is payable over eight years beginning in 2018. 

. 

Current Tax Provision PRC 

Deferred Tax Provision PRC 

Total Provision for (Deferred tax benefit)/ Income Taxes 

and for U.S.
income tax purposes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net operating loss carried forward may be available
to reduce future years taxable income. As
of December 31, 2022, management believed that the realization of all the U.S. income tax benefits from these losses, which generally
would generate a deferred tax asset if it can be expected to be utilized in the future, appears not more than likely due to the Company s
limited operating history and continuing losses for United States income tax purposes. Accordingly, As of December 31,2022, the Company
provided a valuation allowance on the U.S. deferred tax asset benefit to reduce the total deferred tax asset to the amount realizable
for the PRC income tax purposes. Management reviews this valuation allowance periodically and will make adjustments as warranted. A summary
of the otherwise deductible (or taxable) deferred tax items is as follows: 

Impairment of property, plant and equipment 

Miscellaneous 

Net operating loss carryover of PRC company 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net 
 -

F- 23 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Effect of tax and book difference 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

and , respectively. 

years. The completion of review or the expiration
of the statute of limitations for a given audit period could result in an adjustment to the Company s liability for income taxes.
Any such adjustment could be material to the Company s results of operations for any given quarterly or annual period based, in
part, upon the results of operations for the given period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, management considered that the Company had
no uncertain tax positions affecting its consolidated financial position and results of operations or cash flows, and will continue to
evaluate for any uncertain position in future. There are no estimated interest costs and penalties provided in the Company s consolidated
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s tax positions related to open tax
years are subject to examination by the relevant tax authorities and the major one is the China Tax Authority. 

shares of common stock for issuance as or under awards to be made to the directors,
officers, employees and/or consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

F- 24 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

acres of land from a
local government in Xushui District, Baoding City, Hebei, China through a real estate lease with a -year term, which expires on December
31, 2031. The lease requires an annual rental payment of approximately (RMB ). This operating lease is renewable at the
end of the 30-year term. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total land lease payments 

Sales of the LUR and the Industrial Buildings were completed in year 2013. 

(RMB ). The lease was recorded in lease assets and liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as
of December 31, 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total operating lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Less: current portion, record in current liabilities 

Present value of lease liabilities 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

(RMB and (RMB ),
respectively, that matured at various times in 2018-2023. If Huanrun Trading Co., were to become insolvent, the Company could be materially
adversely affected. 

F- 25 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

business operating segments: Dongfang Paper and Tengsheng
Paper, which produces offset printing paper, corrugating medium paper and tissue paper, and Baoding Shengde, which produces face masks
and digital photo paper. They are managed separately because each business requires different technology and marketing strategies. 

reportable segments
is as follows: 

-
 
 -

Gross profit 

-
 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 

-
 
 -

Interest income 

-

Interest expense 

-
 
 -

Income tax expense (benefit) 

- 

Net income (loss) 

- 
 - 

Gross profit 

- 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 

- 
 - 

Interest income 

- 
 - 

Interest expense 

- 
 - 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

- 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

- 
 - 

- 

- 

F- 26 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of total sales. 

and of total purchases by the Company. 

and of total purchases by the Company. 

(US per depositor per insured financial intuition, including both principal and interest. For the cash placed in financial institutions in
the United States, the Company s U.S. bank accounts are all fully covered by the FDIC insurance as of December 31, 2022, and 2021,
while for the cash placed in financial institutions in the PRC, the balances exceeding the maximum coverage of RMB amounted to
RMB (US as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 27 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Gross profit 

Loss from operations 

Net loss 

Net income per share 

Basic 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Diluted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Gross profit 

(Loss) income from operations 

Net (loss) income 

Net income per share 

Basic 
 - 
 - 

Diluted 
 - 
 - 

F- 28 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Prepayments and other current assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 

Investment in subsidiaries 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Inter-company payable (net) 

Due to related parties 

Total current liabilities 

Derivative liability 

Total liabilities 

Total stockholders equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 29 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Loss from Operations 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

Loss on derivative liability 

Other Income (Expense) 
 -
 
 -

Income before Income Taxes 

Provision for Income Taxes 

Net Income 

Other comprehensive income /(loss) 

Total Comprehensive Income (loss) 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Year 

F- 30 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)) under the Exchange Act)
that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an
issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management,
including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b)
under the Exchange Act, the Company carried out an evaluation with the participation of the Company s management, including Zhenyong
Liu, the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO ), and Jing Hao, the Company s Chief Financial Officer CFO ),
of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act)
as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files
or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s
CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management conducted an assessment
of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
management used the framework set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

This annual report
does not include an attestation report of its registered independent public accounting firm regarding the Company s internal control
over financial reporting because the Company is not required to include such attestation report in this annual report. 

Changes in internal controls 

Our management, with the
participation of our CEO and CFO, performed an evaluation as to whether any change in our internal controls over financial reporting occurred
during the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that no change occurred in the Company s
internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

57 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Set forth below is certain
information regarding our directors and executive officers. Our Board of Directors is comprised of five directors. There are no family
relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. Each of our directors is elected to serve until the next annual meeting
of our stockholders and until his successor is elected and qualified or until such director s earlier death, removal or termination. 

The following table sets forth certain information with respect
to our directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position/Title 
 
 Zhenyong Liu 
 
 60 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Jing Hao 
 
 40 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Dahong Zhou 
 
 44 
 
 Secretary 
 
 Marco Ku Hon Wai 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 Wenbing Christopher Wang 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Fuzeng Liu 
 
 74 
 
 Director 
 
 Lusha Niu 
 
 44 
 
 Director 

We have two classes of directors
with each class elected in a different calendar year from the calendar year in which the other class of directors are elected. All directors
are elected for a two-year term. The directors elected in Class I, Marco Ku Hon Wai and Wenbing Christopher Wang, will serve until the
annual meeting of stockholders in 2023 and until their respective successors have been elected and have qualified, or until their earlier
resignation, removal or death. The directors elected in Class II, Zhenyong Liu, Fuzeng Liu and Lusha Niu will serve until the annual meeting
of stockholders in 2024 and until their respective successors have been elected and have qualified, or until their earlier resignation,
removal or death. Our officers serve at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Set forth below is biographical information about our current
directors and executive officers: 

Zhenyong Liu . Mr.
Zhenyong Liu became a member of the Board of Directors, and was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors onNovember 30, 2007. Mr.
Liu has also served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer since November 16, 2007, and serves as Chairman of Hebei Baoding Dongfang
Paper Milling Company Limited (Dongfang Paper), a position he has held since 1996. From 1990 to 1996, he served as Plant Director of Xinxin
Paper Milling Factory in Xushui District. Mr. Liu served as General Manager of the East Central Household Appliance Purchases and Supply
Station from 1980 to 1989. 

Jing Hao . Ms. Jing
Hao was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on November 3, 2014. Ms. Hao previously served as the Company s Chief Financial
Officer between November 2007 and April 2009. In addition, Ms. Hao has served as Chief Financial Officer of Hebei Baoding Dongfang Paper
Milling Company Limited (Dongfang Paper) since 2006. Prior to that, she was Manager of Finance for Dongfang Paper from 2005 to 2006. 

Dahong Zhou . Ms. Dahong
Zhou was appointed as our Secretary on November 16, 2007. Ms. Zhou also serves as Executive Manager of Hebei Baoding Dongfang Paper Milling
Company Limited (Dongfang Paper), a position she has held since 2006. 

Marco Ku Hon Wai. Mr.
Marco Ku Hon Wai has served on the Board of Directors since November 3, 2014. Mr. Ku is the founder of Sensible Investment Company Limited,
an investment consulting firm based in Hong Kong founded in 2013. He was previously Chief Financial Officer of China Marine Food Group
Limited (OTC: CMFO) from July 2007 to October 2013. Prior to his position at China Marine Food Group Limited, Mr. Ku co-founded KISS Catering
Group, a food and beverage business in Beijing from October 2005 to April 2007. Mr. Ku worked at KPMG LLP from 1996 to 2000, where his
last held position was Assistant Manager. Mr. Ku received a bachelor s degree in finance from the Hong Kong University of Science
and Technology in 1996, and is currently a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

Wenbing Christopher Wang .
Mr. Wenbing Christopher Wang has served on the Board of Directors since October 28, 2009. Mr. Wang has also been serving as President
and Director of Fushi Copperweld, Inc. Fushi since January 21, 2008. Mr. Wang served as Fushi s Chief Financial
Officer from December 13, 2005 to August 31, 2009. Prior to Fushi, Mr. Wang worked for Redwood Capital, Inc., China Century Investment
Corporation, Credit Suisse First Boston and VC China in various capacities. Fluent in both English and Chinese, Mr. Wang holds a master s
degree in business administration and finance and corporate accounting from Simon Business School of University of Rochester. Mr. Wang
was named one of the top ten CFO s of 2007 in China by CFO magazine. 

Fuzeng Liu . Mr. Fuzeng
Liu has been a member of the Board of Directors since November 30, 2007. Mr. Liu has also served as Vice President ofDongfang Paper since
2002. Previously, he served as Deputy Secretary of the Traffic Bureau of Xushui District from 1992 to 2002 and as Party Secretary of Dayin
Town, Xushui District from 1988 to 1992.Mr. Liu also served as Head of the Cuizhuang Town, Xushui District from 1984 to 1988. From 1977
to 1984, Mr. Liu worked at the committee office of Xushui District. 

58 

LushaNiu . Ms. Niu
has been a member of the Board of Directors since October12, 2016. Ms. Niu is a public relations veteran with strong background in international
business and finance. Since September 2013, Ms. Niu has been the Director of Corporate Communications and Public Affairs, Asia Lead of
Financial Communication at MSL GROUP, a global public communications firm. From August 2008 until August 2013, Ms. Niu was an Associate
Director at APCO Worldwide, a Washington D.C. based global public affairs consulting firm. Ms. Niu also served as a Consulting Analyst
with BDA Consulting, advising global institutional investors on their China deal strategy. Ms. Niu holds a Master s degree in Finance
from the University of Colorado. 

The Board of Directors believes
that each of the Company s directors is highly qualified to serve as a member of the Board. Each of the directors has contributed
to the mix of skills, core competencies and qualifications of the Board of Directors. When evaluating candidates for election to the Board,
the Nominating Committee seeks candidates with certain qualities that it believes are important, including integrity, an objective perspective,
good judgment, and leadership skills. Our directors are highly educated and have diverse backgrounds and talents and extensive track records
of success in what we believe are highly relevant positions. Some of our directors have served in our operating entity, Dongfang Paper,
for many years and benefit from an intimate knowledge of our operations and corporate philosophy. 

Committees 

Our business, property and
affairs are managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. Members of the Board of Directors are kept informed of our business
through discussion with the chief executive and financial officers and other officers, by reviewing materials provided to them and by
participating at meetings of the board and its committees. 

Our Board of Directors has
three committees - the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee. The Audit Committee is comprised of Marco
Ku Hon Wai, Wenbing Christopher Wang and Lusha Niu, with Mr. Ku serving as chairman. The Compensation Committee is comprised of Marco
Ku Hon Wai, Wenbing Christopher Wang and Lusha Niu, with Ms. Lusha Niu serving as chairwoman. The Nominating Committee is comprised of
Marco Ku Hon Wai, Wenbing Christopher Wang and Lusha Niu, with Mr. Wenbing Christopher Wang serving as chairman. 

Our Audit Committee is involved
in discussions with our independent auditor with respect to the scope and results of our year-end audit, our quarterly results of operations,
our internal accounting controls and the professional services furnished by the independent auditor. Our Board of Directors has determined
that both Mr. Marco Ku Hon Wai and Mr. Wenbing Christopher Wang qualify as audit committee financial experts and have the accounting or
financial management expertise as required under NYSE Rule 303A.07(a). Our Board of Directors has also adopted a written charter for the
audit committee which the audit committee reviews and reassesses for adequacy on an annual basis. A copy of the audit committee s
current charter is available at the our corporate website at https://www.itpackaging.cn/uploadfile/txyxfh/file/20181029/6367640912345722139375725.pdf 

The Compensation Committee oversees the compensation
of our chief executive officer and our other executive officers and reviews our overall compensation policies for employees generally.
If so authorized by the Board of Directors, the committee may also serve as the granting and administrative committee under any option
or other equity-based compensation plans which we may adopt. The Compensation Committee does not delegate its authority to fix compensation;
however, as to officers who report to the chief executive officer, the compensation committee consults with the chief executive officer,
who may make recommendations to the compensation committee. Any recommendations by the chief executive officer are accompanied by an analysis
of the basis for the recommendations. The committee will also discuss compensation policies for employees who are not officers with the
chief executive officer and other responsible officers. A copy of the compensation committee s current charter is available at our
corporate website at https://www.itpackaging.cn/uploadfile/txyxfh/file/20181029/6367640912355880048874958.pdf 

The Nominating Committee is involved in evaluating the desirability
of and recommending to the board any changes in the size and composition of the board, evaluation of and successor planning for the chief
executive officer and other executive officers. The qualifications of any candidate for director will be subject to the same extensive
general and specific criteria applicable to director candidates generally. A copy of the nominating committee s current charter
is available at our corporate website at https://www.itpackaging.cn/uploadfile/txyxfh/file/20181029/6367640912356661968874958.pdf 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of
ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller, or persons
performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics is currently available at our corporate website at 

https://www.itpackaging.cn/uploadfile/txyxfh/file/20181029/6367640912363688526617528.pdf 

Board Meetings 

The Board of Directors and its committees held the following
number of meetings during 2022: 

Board of Directors 
 6 
 
 Audit Committee 
 4 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 2 
 
 Nominating Committee 
 1 

59 

The above table includes meetings held by means
of a conference telephone call, but not actions taken by unanimous written consent. 

Each director attended at least 75 of the total number of meetings
of the Board of Directors and those committees on which he served during the year. 

For the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors met on at least a quarterly basis. The independent directors had regularly scheduled meetings
as often as necessary to fulfill their responsibilities, including at least annually in executive session without the presence of non-independent
directors and management as required by Section 802(c) of the NYSE American Company Guide. 

Directors or Executive Officers involved in Bankruptcy or Criminal
Proceedings 

To our knowledge, during the last ten years, none of our directors
and executive officers (including those of our subsidiaries) has: 

had a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either
at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor
offenses; 

been subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any
court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any
type of business, securities or banking activities; 

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended
or vacated; or 

been the subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated,
of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Mr. Zhenyong Liu is our chairman
and chief executive officer. At the advice of other members of the management or the Board, Mr. Liu calls meetings of the Board of Directors
when necessary. We have three independent directors. Our Board of Directors has three standing committees, each of which is comprised
solely of independent directors with a committee chair. The Board of Directors believes that the Company s chief executive officer
is best situated to serve as chairman of the Board of Directors because he is the director most familiar with our business and industry
and the director most capable of identifying strategic priorities and executing our business strategy. We believe that this leadership
structure has served the Company well. Our Board of Directors has overall responsibility for risk oversight. The Board of Directors has
delegated responsibility for the oversight of specific risks to the committees as follows: 

The Audit Committee oversees the Company s risk policies and processes relating to the financial
statements and financial reporting processes, as well as key credit risks, liquidity risks, market risks and compliance, and the guidelines,
policies and processes for monitoring and mitigating those risks. 

The Compensation Committee oversees the compensation of our chief executive officer and our other executive officers and reviews our
overall compensation policies for employees. 

The Nominating Committee oversees risks related to the Company s governance structure and processes. 

Our Board of Directors
is responsible for approving all related party transactions according to our Code of Ethics. We have not adopted written policies and
procedures specifically for related person transactions. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act, requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to
file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership
of our common stock and other equity securities, on Form 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders
are required by the SEC regulations to furnish our company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. 

Based solely on our review
of the copies of such reports received by us, and on written representations by our officers and directors regarding their compliance
with the applicable reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, we believe that, with respect to the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, our officers and directors, and all of the persons known to us to own more than 10 of our common stock, filed all
required reports on a timely basis. 

60 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following compensation table summarizes the
cash and non-cash compensation earned during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by each person who served as principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, and secretary during 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary 

Bonus 

Stock Awards 

Option Awards 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 

Total 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Zhenyong Liu, 
 
 2022 

35,519 

0 

- 

- 

- 

335,519 

Chairman, CEO 
 
 2021 

37,224 

- 

- 

- 

- 

37,224 

Jing Hao 
 
 2022 

35,519 

- 

- 

- 

35,519 

CFO 
 
 2021 

37,224 

- 

- 

- 

- 

37,224 

Dahong Zhou, 
 
 2022 

4,299 

- 

- 

- 

- 

4,299 

Secretary 
 
 2021 

4,505 

- 

- 

- 

- 

4,505 

Employment Agreements 

Mr. Zhenyong Liu receives
a monthly salary of RMB 20,000 (approximately 3,065). On January 11, 2012, the Company awarded Mr. Zhenyong Liu 44,326 shares of restricted
common stock. These shares of common stock were issued under the 2011 ISP and are valued at 3.45 per share, based on the closing price
on the date of the issuance. On December 31, 2013, the Company awarded Mr. Zhenyong Liu 8,000 shares of restricted common stock under
the 2011 ISP and 2012 ISP, with a value of 2.66 per share, based on the closing price on the date of the stock issuance. On September
13, 2018, the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Zhenyong Liu under the 2015 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan with a value
of 0.88 per share as of the date of issuance. On April 8, 2020, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Zhenyong Liu
under the 2019 ISP with a value of 0.60 per share as of the date of issuance. On September 8, 2020, the Compensation Committee of the
Company unanimously approved that Mr. Zhenyong Liu shall receive the bonus of 40,000 for his service rendered in the year 2020. 

Ms. Hao began receiving
a monthly salary of RMB 20,000 (approximately 3,065) in January 2015. On September 13, 2018, the company issued 10,000 shares of common
stock to Ms. Jing Hao under the 2015 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan with a value of 0.88 per share as of the date of issuance. On September
8,2020, the Compensation Committee of the Company unanimously approved that Ms. Jing Hao shall receive the bonus of 40,000 for her service
rendered in the year 2020. 

61 

Compensation of Directors 

The following table sets forth a summary of compensation paid or entitled
to our directors during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock
 Awards 
 Option
 Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 Total 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Fuzeng Liu 
 2022 
 7,701 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,701 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 8,071 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 8,071 

Marco Ku Hon Wai 
 2022 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

Wenbing Christopher Wang 
 2022 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

LushaNiu 
 2022 
 7,399 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,399 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 7,755 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,755 

Effective November 1, 2014,
Mr. Marco Ku Hon Wai began serving as our director and has received annual compensation of 20,000, payable on a monthly basis. In addition,
the Company agreed to issue Mr. Ku 7,500 shares of its common stock every year under the Company s stock incentive plan. On January
12, 2016, the Company issued Mr. Ku 7,500 shares restricted common stock under the 2015 ISP for his services in 2015, with a value of
 1.33 per share, based on the closing price on the date of the issuance. Mr. Ku will be reimbursed for his out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with his service to the Company. 

Effective October 28, 2009,
Mr. Wenbing Christopher Wang has served as our director and has received annual compensation of 20,000, payable on a monthly basis. Mr.
Wang also received 4,000 shares of common stock, a number equal to 20,000 divided by the closing price of the common stock on October
28, 2009, with piggyback registration rights subordinate to that held by investors in any past or future private placement of securities.
On January 11, 2012, the Company awarded its independent director Mr. Wenbing Christopher Wang 15,820 shares of restricted common stock.
These shares of common stock were issued under the 2011 ISP and are valued at 3.45 per share, based on the closing price on the date
of the issuance. On December 31, 2013, the Company awarded Mr. Wang 5,000 shares restricted common stock under the 2011 ISP and 2012 ISP
for, with a value of 2.66 per share, based on the closing price on the date of the stock issuance. On January 12, 2016, the Company issued
Mr. Wang 5,000 shares restricted common stock under the 2015 ISP, with a value of 1.33 per share, based on the closing price on the date
of the issuance. 

On October 12, 2016, Ms. Lusha Niu was elected as our director
and receives annual compensation of RMB50,000, payable on a monthly basis. 

On December 31, 2013, Mr.
Fuzeng Liu received 5,000 shares of restricted common stock from our 2011 and 2012 ISPs. The value of the stock award is determined by
the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of the award, which was 2.66 as of December 31, 2013. 

Other than the appointments
described above, there are no understandings or arrangements between Mr. Ku, Mr. Wang, or Ms. Niu and any other person pursuant to which
Mr. Ku, Mr. Wang, or Ms. Niu was appointed as a director. Mr. Ku, Mr. Wang, and Ms. Niu do not have any family relationship with any director,
executive officer or person nominated or chosen by us to become a director or executive officer. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

There were no option exercises in fiscal year of 2022 or options
outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Pension and Retirement Plans 

Currently, except for contributions
to the PRC government-mandated social security retirement endowment fund for those employees who have not waived their coverage, we do
not offer any annuity, pension or retirement benefits to be paid to any of our officers, directors or employees. There are also no compensatory
plans or arrangements with respect to any individual named above which results or will result from the resignation, retirement or any
other termination of employment with our company, or from a change in our control. 

62 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain
information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each director, (ii) our Chief Executive Officer and President
and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group as of March 23, 2023. 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Common Stock 

Zhenyong Liu CEO and Director 
 536,484 
 4.7 
 
 Jing Hao CFO 
 1,000 

Dahong Zhou Secretary 
 0 
 0 
 
 Marco Ku Hon Wai Director 
 750 

Fuzeng Liu Director 
 500 

Wenbing Christopher Wang Director 
 2,982 

LushaNiu Director 
 0 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (7 persons) 
 541,716 
 4.7 

Less than 1 of
the Company s issued and outstanding common shares. 

(1) The address of each director and executive officer is c/o Science Park, Juli Road, Xushui District, Baoding City, Hebei Province,
People s Republic of China. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

Loans from our principal shareholder, Chairman and CEO Mr. Zhenyong
Liu 

Mr Zhenyong Liu, the Company s
CEO has loaned money to Dongfang Paper for working capital purposes over a period of time. On January 1, 2013, Dongfang Paper and Mr.
Zhenyong Liu renewed the three-year term loan previously entered on January 1, 2010, and extended the maturity date further to December
31, 2015. On December 31, 2015, the Company paid off the loan of 2,249,279, together with interest of 391,374 for the period from 2013
to 2015. Approximately 392,855 and 367,441 of interest were outstanding to Mr. Zhenyong Liu, which were recorded in other payables and
accrued liabilities as part of the current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

On December 10, 2014, Mr.
Zhenyong Liu provided a loan to the Company, amounted to 8,742,278 to Dongfang Paper for working capital purpose with an interest rate
of 4.35 per annum, which was based on the primary lending rate of People s Bank of China. The unsecured loan was provided on December
10, 2014, and would be originally due on December 10, 2017. During the year of 2016, the Company repaid 6,012,416 to Mr. Zhenyong Liu,
together with interest of 288,596. In February 2018, the company paid off the remaining balance, together with interest of 20,400. As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, approximately 45,978 and 43,003 of interest were outstanding to Mr. Zhenyong Liu, which was recorded
in other payables and accrued liabilities as part of the current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 

On March 1, 2015, the Company
entered an agreement with Mr. Zhenyong Liu which allows Dongfang Paper to borrow from the CEO an amount up to 17,201,342 (RMB120,000,000)
for working capital purposes. The advances or funding under the agreement are due three years from the date each amount is funded. The
loan is unsecured and carries an annual interest rate set on the basis of the primary lending rate of the People s Bank of China
at the time of the borrowing. On July 13, 2015, an unsecured amount of 4,324,636 was drawn from the facility. On October 14, 2016 an
unsecured amount of 2,883,091 was drawn from the facility. In February 2018, the company repaid 1,507,432 to Mr. Zhenyong Liu. The loan
would be originally due on July 12, 2018. Mr. Zhenyong Liu agreed to extend the loan for additional 3 years and the remaining balance
will be due on July 12, 2021. On November 23, 2018, the company repaid 3,768,579 to Mr. Zhenyong Liu, together with interest of 158,651.
In December 2019, the company paid off the remaining balance, together with interest of 94,636. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the
outstanding loan balance were nil and 2,185,569, respectively, and the accrued interest was 210,635and 197,009, respectively, which
was recorded in other payables and accrued liabilities as part of the current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 

63 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, total amount of loans due to Mr. Zhenyong Liu were nil. The interest expense incurred for such related party loans are nil and
 94,636 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The accrued interest owe to the CEO was approximately 649,468
and 607,453, as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which was recorded in other payables and accrued liabilities. 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, amount due to shareholder are 727,433 and 483,433, respectively, which represents funds from shareholders to pay for various expenses
incurred in the U.S. The amount is due on demand with interest free. 

Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Our Board of Directors is
charged with reviewing and approving all potential related party transaction whether or not such transactions exceed 120,000. We have
not adopted other procedures for review, or standards for approval, of such transactions, but instead review them on a case-by-case basis. 

Director Independence 

The Company currently has
three independent directors, Marco Ku Hon Wai, Wenbing Christopher Wang, and Lusha Niu, as that term is defined under the NYSE American
Company Guide. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Our independent public accounting firm is WWC. P.C. Certified Public
Accountants , 2010 Pioneer Court San Mateo, CA 94403, PCAOB Auditor ID 1171. 

Audit Fees 

We incurred approximately
 191,000 for professional services rendered by our registered independent public accounting firm, WWC, P.C., for the audit and reviews
of the Company s financial statements for 2022. 

We incurred approximately
 147,118 for professional services rendered by our registered independent public accounting firm, WWC, P.C., for the audit and reviews
of the Company s financial statements for 2021. 

Audit-Related Fees 

IT Tech Packaging did not incur any audit-related fees to
WWC in 2022. 

IT Tech Packaging did not incur any audit-related fees to
WWC in 2021. 

Tax Reporting Preparation Fees 

IT Tech Packaging did not incur any tax Reporting Preparation 
fees to WWC in 2022. 

IT Tech Packaging did not incur any tax Reporting Preparation 
fees to WWC in 2021. 

All Other Fees 

IT Tech Packaging did not
incur any fees from its registered independent public accounting firm for services rendered to IT Tech Packaging, other than the services
covered in Audit Fees and Audit-Related Fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. 

With respect to the Company s
auditing and other non-audit related services rendered by its registered independent public accounting firm for 2021 and 2022, all engagements
were entered into pursuant to the audit committee s pre-approval policies and procedures. 

64 

PART IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 29, 2007, by and among Carlateral, Inc., CARZ Merger Sub, Inc., Dongfang Zhiye Holding Limited, and the shareholders of Dongfang Zhiye Holding Limited, incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2007. 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our report on form SB-2 filed with the SEC on August 4, 2006 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 28, 2007 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our report on form SB-2 filed with the SEC on August 4, 2006 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Change, incorporated by reference to the exhibit 3.1 to our report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2022. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen of Common Stock certificate, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our report on form SB-2 filed with the SEC on August 4, 2006 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 3, 2014. 

4.3 
 
 Description of Securities, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 23, 2020. 

4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2020. 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 4, 2020. 

4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20, 2021. 

4.7 
 
 Warrant Agency Agreement dated March 1, 2021 by and between the Company and Empire Stock Transfer Inc., incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021. 

4.8 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021. 

10.1 
 
 Land Lease Agreement, dated January 2, 2002, by and between the Company and Xushui District Dayin Township Wuji Village Committee and Party Branch, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our amended Annual Report on form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on February 1, 2010 

10.2 
 
 Land Use Rights Certificate, dated March 10, 2003, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our amended Annual Report on form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on February 1, 2010 

10.3 
 
 Exclusive Technical Service and Business Consulting Agreement, dated June 24, 2009, by and between Dongfang Paper and Baoding Shengde, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2009 

10.4 
 
 Proxy Agreement, dated June 24, 2009, by and between Dongfang Paper, Baoding Shengde, and the shareholders of Dongfang Paper, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2009 

65 

Exhibit No. 
 Description of Exhibit 

10.5 
 Loan Agreement, dated June 24, 2009, by and between Dongfang Paper, Baoding Shengde, and the shareholders of Dongfang Paper, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2009 

10.6 
 Call Option Agreement, dated June 24, 2009, by and between Dongfang Paper, Baoding Shengde, and the shareholders of Dongfang Paper, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2009 

10.7 
 Share Pledge Agreement, dated June 24, 2009, by and between Dongfang Paper, Baoding Shengde, and the shareholders of Dongfang Paper, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2009 

10.8 
 Call Option Agreement Amendment, dated February 10, 2010, by and between Dongfang Paper, Baoding Shengde, and the shareholders of Dongfang Paper, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 11, 2010 

10.9 
 Share Pledge Agreement Amendment, dated February 10, 2010, by and between Dongfang Paper, Baoding Shengde, and the shareholders of Dongfang Paper, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 11, 2010 

10.10 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated October 7, 2009 between the Company and the Access America Fund, LP, Renaissance US Growth Investment Trust Plc, RENN Global Entrepreneurs Funds, Inc., Premier RENN Entrepreneurial Fund Limited, Pope Investments II, LLC and Steve Mazur (collectively, the Buyers ), incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2009 

10.11 
 Make Good Securities Escrow Agreement dated October 7, 2009 between the Company, the Buyers, Zhenyong Liu and the Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP (the Escrow Agent )., incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2009 

10.12 
 Escrow Agreement dated October 7, 2009 between the Company, the Buyers, Zhenyong Liu and the Escrow Agent, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2009 

10.13 
 Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and the Buyers dated October 7, 2009, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2009 

10.14 
 Lock-Up Agreement between Company and Zhenyong Liu dated October 7, 2009, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2009 

10.15 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated November 25, 2009, by and between Baoding Shengde Paper Co., Ltd. and Hebei Shuangxing Paper Co., Ltd., incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 10, 2009 

66 

Exhibit No. 
 Description of Exhibit 

10.16 
 Purchase Agreement, dated March 31, 2010, for the sale of 3,000,000 shares of Common Stock, by and between IT Tech Packaging, Inc. andRoth Capital Partners, LLC, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2010 

10.17 
 Purchase Agreement, dated April 9, 2010 by and between Henan Qinyang First Paper Machine Limited and Hebei Baoding Dongfang PaperMilling Company Limited for the purchase of a series of paper machineries and equipment, incorporated by reference to the exhibit to ourCurrent Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2010 

10.18 
 Letter from Mr. Zhenyong Liu regarding postponement of interest payments by IT Tech Packaging, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2014. 

10.19 
 Financing Limit Agreement dated as March 3, 2014 between Hebei Baoding Dongfang Paper Milling Co., Ltd. and Shanghai PudongDevelopment Bank Inc., Baoding Branch, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 25,2014. 

10.20 
 Enterprise Loan Agreement dated as of July 5, 2013 between Hebei Baoding Dongfang Paper Milling Co., Ltd. and Rural Credit Union ofXushui District, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to our Annual Report on Form10-K filed on March 25, 2014. 

10.21 
 Engagement
 Letter, dated as of June 3, 2014, between the Company and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC and amendments dated as of July 1,2014,
 August 19, 2014 and August 25, 2014, incorporated by reference to exhibits 1.1 , 1.2 , 1.3 and 1.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on September 3, 2014. 

10.22 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 25, 2014, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filedwith the SEC on September 3, 2014. 

10.23 
 Appointment Letter dated November 3, 2014, by and between IT Tech Packaging, Inc. and Marco Ku Hon Wai, incorporated by reference toexhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 6, 2014. 

10.24 
 Loan Agreement dated December 2, 2014, by and between IT Tech Packaging, Inc. and Zhenyong Liu, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2014. 

10.25 
 Loan Agreement dated March 1, 2015, by and between IT Tech Packaging, Inc. and Zhenyong Liu, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2015. 

10.26 
 Agreement dated July 1, 2015, among China Orient, Hebei Baoding Dongfang Paper Milling Company Limited, Baoding Shengde Paper Co.,Ltd., Zhenyong Liu, Xiaodong Liu, and Shuangxi Zhao, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filedwith the SEC on July 22, 2015 

10.27 
 Acquisition Agreement dated June 25, 2019, by and between Hebei Baoding Dongfang Paper Milling Company Limited and HebeiTengsheng Paper Co., Ltd, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 28, 2019. 

67 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 

10.28 
 
 Supplement Agreement dated December 16, 2019, by and between Hebei Baoding Dongfang Paper Milling Company Limited and Hebei Tengsheng Paper Co., Ltd, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 17, 2019 

10.29 
 
 Letter Agreement dated
 April 21, 2020, by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2020. 

10.30 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated April 29, 2020 by and between the Company and certain purchasers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2020. 

10.31 
 
 Amendment to Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated May 4, 2020, by and between the Company and certain purchasers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 4, 2020. 

10.32 
 
 Letter Agreement dated
 January 14, 2021, by and between the Company and Maxim Group, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20, 2021. 

10.33 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase
 Agreement among the Company and certain institutional investors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20, 2021. 

10.34 
 
 Underwriting Agreement
 dated as of February 24, 2021 by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC, incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 1.1 to our
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021. 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics and Business
 Conduct, incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 14.1 to our Annual Report on Form10-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2013 

21.1 
 
 Lists of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of WWC, P.C. Certified Accountants. 

31.1 
 
 Certification Required Under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification Required Under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification Required Under Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification Required Under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Calculation
 Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition
 Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase
 Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Presentation
 Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith. 

Item 16 Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

68 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 23, 2023 

IT TECH PACKAGING, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Zhenyong Liu 

Zhenyong Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Zhenyong Liu 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Zhenyong
 Liu 
 
 (principal executive
 officer) 

/s/
 Jing Hao 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Jing
 Hao 
 
 (principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

/s/
 Fuzeng Liu 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Fuzeng
 Liu 

/s/
 Marco Ku Hon Wai 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Marco
 Ku Hon Wai 

/s/
 Wenbing Christopher Wang 

Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Wenbing
 Christopher Wang 

/s/
 LushaNiu 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 LushaNiu 

69 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_ittechpack.htm
 LISTS OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries 

The
following diagram sets forth the current corporate structure of IT Tech Packaging Inc.: 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_ittechpack.htm
 CONSENT OF WWC, P.C. CERTIFIED ACCOUNTANTS

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

IT
Tech Packaging, Inc. 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
of our report, dated March 23, 2023, which appears in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission SEC on March 23, 2023, in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-268944 a nd
N o . 333-248505 ), relating to the audit of the consolidated balance sheets
of IT Tech Packaging, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income
(loss) and comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). 

We also consent to the Company s reference
to WWC, P.C., Certified Public Accountants, as experts in accounting and auditing 

San Mateo, California 
 WWC, P.C. 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 Certified Public Accountants 

PCAOB ID No. 1171 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_ittechpack.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I, Zhenyong Liu, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of IT Tech Packaging,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Zhenyong Liu 

Zhenyong Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_ittechpack.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I, Jing Hao, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of IT Tech Packaging,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Jing Hao 

Jing Hao 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial and accounting officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_ittechpack.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of IT Tech Packaging, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Zhenyong Liu, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after
the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Zhenyong Liu 

Zhenyong Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_ittechpack.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of IT Tech Packaging, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jing Hao, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after
the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Jing Hao 

Jing Hao 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial and accounting officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 itp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 itp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 itp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 itp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 itp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

