<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1849670_0001558370-23-004811.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19869520</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>393005</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2029239</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8413550</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2571874</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5723801</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-004811.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328171610
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-004811
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PB Bankshares, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849670
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40612
		FILM NUMBER:		23770629

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		185 E. LINCOLN HIGHWAY
		CITY:			COATESVILLE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19320
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(610) 384-8282

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		185 E. LINCOLN HIGHWAY
		CITY:			COATESVILLE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19320

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-004811.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 pbbk-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For The Transition Period From To Commission file number: . (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of Other Jurisdiction of incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Name Of Each Exchange Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) On Which Registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically; every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.0405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No \ The aggregate value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of the common stock as of June 30, 2022 was . As of March 27, 2023 there were shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock. Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K . 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I Item 1. Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors 32 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 33 Item 2. Properties 33 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 33 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 33 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 33 Item 6. Reserved 35 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 35 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 47 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 48 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 92 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 92 Item 9B. Other Information 93 Item 9C Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 93 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 93 Item 11. Executive Compensation 93 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 94 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 94 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 95 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 95 Item 16. Form10K Summary 97 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and our financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, might, should, could, predict, potential, believe, expect, attribute, continue, will, anticipate, seek, estimate, intend, plan, projection, goal, target, outlook, aim, would, annualized and outlook, or the negative version of those words or other comparable words or phrases of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
 general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected; changes in the level and direction of loan delinquencies and write-offs and changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses; our ability to access cost-effective funding; fluctuations in real estate values and both residential and commercial real estate market conditions; demand for loans and deposits in our market area; our ability to implement and change our business strategies; competition among depository and other financial institutions; inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins or reduce the fair value of financial instruments; the rate of delinquencies and amounts of loans charged-off; adverse changes in the securities markets; changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements; our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities; our ability to capitalize on strategic opportunities; 
 our ability to successfully introduce new products and services; 
 our ability to successfully integrate into our operations any assets, liabilities, customers, systems and management personnel we may acquire and our ability to realize related revenue synergies and cost 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 savings within expected time frames, and any goodwill charges related thereto; our ability to retain our existing customers; 
 changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; 
 changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; changes in our organization, compensation and benefit plans; 
 changes in the quality or composition of our loan or investment portfolios; 
 a breach in security of our information systems, including the occurrence of a cyber incident or a deficiency in cyber security; conditions relating to the COVID-19 pandemic; political instability or civil unrest; 
 acts of war or terrorism; 
 competition and innovation with respect to financial products and services by banks, financial institutions and non-traditional providers, including retail businesses and technology companies; the failure to attract and retain skilled people; 
 the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies; and 
 other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory and operational factors affecting our operations, pricing, products and services described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with other cautionary statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If one or more events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from what we anticipate. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict those events or how they may affect us. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward- looking statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business General PB Bankshares, Inc. (the Company or PB Bankshares ), a Maryland corporation, was formed in March 2021 to serve as the bank holding company for Presence Bank (the Bank ). On July 14, 2021, the Bank completed its mutual to stock conversion and the related stock offering of the Company. A total of 2,777,250 shares of common stock were sold in the stock offering to depositors of the Bank at a price of 10.00 per share. The Company s common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol PBBK. The Company is authorized to pursue other business activities permitted by applicable laws and regulations for bank holding companies, which may include the acquisition of banking and financial services companies. The Company is subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities (the Pennsylvania Department of Banking ). At December 31, 2022, the Company had total consolidated assets of 386.3 million, total deposits of 289.5 million and total stockholders equity of 46.0 million. The Company files interim, quarterly and annual reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers such as the Company that file electronically with the SEC. All filed SEC reports and interim filings can also be obtained from the Company s website www.presencebank.com on the Investor Relations page, without charge from the Company. Our executive office is located at 185 E. Lincoln Highway, Coatesville, Pennsylvania 19320, and our telephone number at this address is (610) 384-8282. Presence Bank is a stock savings bank organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and is subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking. We operate from four offices and two loan production offices in Chester, Lancaster and Dauphin Counties, Pennsylvania. Our primary market area for deposits includes the communities in which we maintain our banking office locations, while our primary lending market area is broader and includes customers in Lebanon, Dauphin and Cumberland Counties in Pennsylvania. We will from time to time also originate loans to customers located in adjacent metropolitan markets. We are a community-oriented bank offering a variety of financial products and services to meet the needs of our customers. We believe that our community orientation and personalized service distinguishes us from larger banks that operate in our market area. From our founding in 1919 until 2019, we operated as a traditional thrift institution, offering primarily residential mortgage loans and savings accounts. In September 2019, we hired our current president and chief executive officer, Janak M. Amin, and under his leadership we have begun the process of developing a commercial lending infrastructure, with a particular focus on expanding into commercial real estate and commercial and industrial lending to small businesses. In addition, we have strengthened and continue to modernize our operations through upgrades to our credit underwriting, information technology and compliance operations. Consistent with our strategy to grow our commercial loan operations, we have enhanced our suite of deposit products, including remote deposit capture, commercial cash management and mobile deposits in order to accommodate business customers, and thereby grow our core deposits by our loan production office model. Our principal business consists of attracting retail and commercial deposits from the general public in our market area and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, primarily in commercial real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans, construction, home equity lines of credit and to a lesser extent, one- to four-family residential real estate loans and consumer loans. Subject to market conditions, we expect to continue our focus on originating more commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans in an effort to continue the diversification of our loan portfolio, increase the overall yield earned on our loans and assist in managing interest rate risk. We also invest in debt securities, which have historically consisted of mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government sponsored enterprises and U.S. government and agency securities. We offer a variety of deposit accounts, 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 including demand deposit accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts and certificate of deposit accounts. We borrow funds, primarily from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, to fund our operations as necessary. Market Area We conduct our business from our main office and three branch offices, which are located in Chester and Lancaster Counties, Pennsylvania. In recent years, we have expanded our operations into Lebanon, Dauphin and Cumberland Counties, Pennsylvania. In 2021, we opened two loan production offices in Harrisburg (Dauphin County) and Elizabethtown (Lancaster County). In future years, we expect to establish one or two additional loan production offices to support lending teams operating in our market area. The following discusses the demographics of the counties in which we currently operate. Chester County s total population for 2022 is estimated at 541,519, approximately 8.5 growth since 2010. Chester County s population growth is projected to be 3.30 between 2021 and 2026. A relatively high percentage of Chester County s non-farm, non-government workforce is in the services industry sector, estimated at over 32 of the labor force. Other significant employer industries in the county include education, healthcare and social services at an aggregate 23 of the labor force and finance/insurance/real estate at 18 of the labor force. Median household income for 2022 in Chester County is estimated to be 112,904. Lancaster County s total population for 2022 is estimated at 559,692, which is expected to grow 3.01 between 2021 and 2026. Education, healthcare and social services industry represents in the aggregate over 22 of the labor force. Other significant employer industries in Lancaster County include services and retail trade. Median household income in Lancaster County for 2022 is estimated to be 77,888. Dauphin County is home to the Commonwealth s capital city of Harrisburg. Dauphin County s total population for 2022 is estimated at 290,061, approximately 8.19 growth since 2010. Dauphin County s population growth is projected to be 3.17 between 2021 and 2026. The services industry represents 32 of the labor force. Other significant employer industries include education, healthcare and social services and finance/insurance/real estate. Median household income in Dauphin County for 2022 is estimated to be 68,105. We also serve customers in Cumberland and Lebanon Counties. With total populations of 264,281 and 145,195, respectively, estimated for 2022, Cumberland and Lebanon counties were two of the fastest growing counties in Pennsylvania since 2010. Unemployment rates as of December 2022 and 2021 are set forth in the following table. 

Region December 2022 December 2021 United States 3.5 3.9 Pennsylvania 4.3 5.4 Chester County 2.4 3.7 Lancaster County 2.5 3.7 Dauphin County 3.1 4.0 Cumberland County 2.4 4.0 Lebanon County 2.6 4.3 Major employers in Presence Bank s market area are Vanguard Group, QVC Network, The Chester County Hospital, Lancaster General Hospital, Mutual Assistance Group and Giant Food Stores. Competition We face competition within our market area both in making loans and attracting deposits. Our market area has a concentration of financial institutions that include large money center and regional banks, community banks and credit unions. We also face competition from savings institutions, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies and credit unions and, with respect to deposits, from money market funds, brokerage firms, mutual funds and insurance 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 companies. We also compete with fintech and Internet banking companies. Some of our competitors offer products and services that we currently do not offer, such as trust services and private banking. As of June 30, 2022 (the latest date for which information is available), our deposit market share was 1.0 in Chester County, Pennsylvania and less than 1.0 of total deposits in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. Lending Activities General. Our primary business has traditionally been the origination of one- to four-family residential real estate loans, most of which were fixed-rate loans. Our principal lending activity has transitioned to an emphasis on the origination of commercial real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans, construction, home equity lines of credit and to a lesser extent, one- to four-family residential real estate loans and consumer loans. We intend to maintain an increased emphasis on commercial real estate and commercial and industrial lending, in an effort to further diversify our loan portfolio and increase the average yield earned on our loan portfolio. Loan Portfolio Composition. The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio, by type of loan at the dates indicated. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no loans held for sale. 

At December 31, 2022 2021 Amount Percent Amount Percent (Dollars in thousands) Real estate: One- to four-family residential 110,387 36.14 106,024 41.91 Commercial 148,567 48.64 118,266 46.75 Construction (1) 20,406 6.68 13,751 5.44 Commercial and industrial 17,874 5.85 11,880 4.70 Consumer and other 8,203 2.69 3,038 1.20 305,437 100.00 252,959 100.00 Less: Net deferred loan fees (590) (618) Allowance for losses (3,992) (3,145) Total loans 300,855 249,196 

 (1) Represents amounts disbursed at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The undrawn amounts of the construction loans totaled 20.0 million and 13.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Contractual Maturities. The following table summarizes the scheduled repayments of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Demand loans, loans having no stated repayment schedule or maturity, and overdraft loans are reported as being due in one year or less. The tables present contractual maturities and do not reflect repricing or the effect of prepayments. Actual maturities may differ. 

One- to Four- Family Residential Commercial Real Estate Real Estate Construction (In thousands) Amounts due in: One year or less 1,926 6,881 2,678 More than one to five years 1,822 2,533 6,642 More than five to 15 years 55,400 110,685 10,250 More than 15 years 51,239 28,468 836 Total 110,387 148,567 20,406 

Commercial Consumer and Industrial and Other Total (In thousands) Amounts due in: One year or less 9,662 4,127 25,274 More than one to five years 1,938 26 12,961 More than five to 15 years 6,274 4,050 186,659 More than 15 years 80,543 Total 17,874 8,203 305,437 The following table sets forth our fixed and adjustable-rate loans at December 31, 2022 that are contractually due after December 31, 2023. 

Due After December 31, 2023 Fixed Adjustable Total (In thousands) Real estate: One- to four-family residential 102,246 6,215 108,461 Commercial 125,226 16,460 141,686 Construction 12,341 5,387 17,728 Commercial and industrial 8,212 8,212 Consumer and other 4,026 50 4,076 Total loans 252,051 28,112 280,163 One- to Four-Family Residential Real Estate Lending . Our historical primary lending activity has been the origination of one- to four-family, owner-occupied, first and second residential mortgage loans, virtually all of which are secured by properties located in our market area. At December 31, 2022, one- to four-family residential real estate loans totaled 110.4 million, or 36.1 of our total loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, we had 98.8 million of our one- to four-family residential real estate loans in the first lien position and 11.6 million in a junior lien position. The average principal loan balance of our one- to four-family residential real estate loans was 129,000 at December 31, 2022. We currently offer one- to four-family residential real estate loans with terms of up to 30 years. We currently retain in our portfolio all of the one- to four-family residential real estate loans we originate. However, as we continue to diversify our loan portfolio and increase our income sources, we may seek to sell one- to four-family residential real estate loans that we originate in the future into the secondary market. We currently primarily originate adjustable-rate one- to four-family residential real estate loans, but we do, on a much more limited basis, originate fixed-rate long-term loans. At December 31, 2022, 102.3 million, or 94.3 of our one- to four-family residential real estate loans had fixed rates of 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 interest, and 6.2 million, or 5.7 of our one- to four-family residential real estate loans, had adjustable rates of interest for loans due after one year. One- to four-family residential real estate loans often remain outstanding for significantly shorter periods than their contractual terms because borrowers have the right to refinance or prepay their loans without penalty. We generally limit the loan-to-value ratios of our mortgage loans without private mortgage insurance to 80 of the purchase price or appraised value, whichever is lower. Loans where the borrower obtains private mortgage insurance may be made with loan-to-value ratios up to 85 . Our adjustable-rate one- to four-family residential real estate loans carry terms to maturity ranging from 10 to 30 years and generally have fixed rates for initial terms of three, five, seven or ten years, and adjust annually thereafter at a margin, which in recent years has been tied to a margin above the U.S. Treasury rate. The maximum amount by which the interest rate may be increased or decreased is generally 5 for the first adjustment period and 2 per adjustment period thereafter, with a lifetime interest rate cap of generally 18 and a floor of 4 . Although adjustable-rate mortgage loans may reduce to an extent our vulnerability to changes in market interest rates because they periodically re-price, as interest rates increase the required payments due from the borrower also increase (subject to rate caps), increasing the potential for default by the borrower. At the same time, the ability of the borrower to repay the loan and the marketability of the underlying collateral may be adversely affected by higher interest rates. Upward adjustments of the contractual interest rate are also limited by our maximum periodic and lifetime rate adjustments. Moreover, the interest rates on most of our adjustable-rate loans do not adjust for up to seven years after origination. As a result, the effectiveness of adjustable-rate mortgage loans in compensating for changes in market interest rates generally may be limited. At December 31, 2022, we had 38.9 million, or 35.2 of the one- to four-family residential real estate loan portfolio, secured by non-owner occupied properties. In cases where the borrower (owner of the property) is not the individual, we generally require personal guarantees from the principals owning these properties, and we will not make loans in excess of 85 loan to value on non-owner-occupied properties. The interest rate on these loans are generally fixed for up to five years. We have not offered but may offer interest only mortgage loans on permanent one- to four-family residential real estate loans (where the borrower pays interest for an initial period, after which the loan converts to a fully amortizing loan). We also have not offered and will not offer loans that provide for negative amortization of principal, such as Option ARM loans, where the borrower can pay less than the interest owed on the loan, resulting in an increased principal balance during the life of the loan. We have not offered Alt-A loans (i.e., loans that generally target borrowers with better credit scores who borrow with alternative documentation such as little or no verification of income). We generally require title insurance on all of our one- to four-family residential real estate mortgage loans, and we also require that borrowers maintain fire and extended coverage casualty insurance (and, if appropriate, flood insurance) in an amount at least equal to the lesser of the loan balance or the replacement cost of the improvements. We do not conduct environmental testing on residential real estate mortgage loans unless specific concerns for hazards are identified by the appraiser used in connection with the origination of the loan. If we identify an environmental problem on land that will secure a loan, the environmental hazard must be remediated before the closing of the loan. When underwriting residential real estate loans, we review and verify each loan applicant s employment, income and credit history and, if applicable, our experience with the borrower. Our policy is to obtain credit reports and financial statements on all borrowers and guarantors. Generally, all properties securing real estate loans are appraised by independent appraisers. Appraisals are subsequently reviewed by our credit department. However, if the value of the loan is less than 400,000, we may utilize third party evaluations which are subsequently reviewed by our credit department. Although our policy allows for third party evaluations, we normally obtain appraisals. Our one- to four-family residential real estate loans also include home equity lines of credit. Our home equity lines of credit are secured by either first mortgages or second mortgages on owner-occupied one- to four-family residences. At December 31, 2022, we had 8.7 million of outstanding home equity lines of credit. At December 31, 2022, the unadvanced portion of home equity lines of credit totaled 11.5 million. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 The underwriting standards utilized for home equity lines of credit include a title review, the recordation of a lien, a determination of the applicant s ability to satisfy existing debt obligations and payments on the proposed loan, and the value of the collateral securing the loan. The loan-to-value ratio for our home equity lines of credit is generally limited to 85 when combined with the first security lien, if applicable. Our home equity lines of credit generally have 10-year draw period and adjustable rates of interest, subject to a contractual floor, which are indexed to the prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal . Commercial Real Estate Lending . Consistent with our strategy to diversify our loan portfolio and increase our yield, we are focused on increasing our origination of commercial real estate loans. At December 31, 2022, we had 148.6 million in commercial real estate loans, representing 48.4 of our total loan portfolio. Our commercial real estate loans generally have fixed rates with terms of three, five, seven or ten years and amortization terms of 20 to 30 years, with a balloon payment due at the end of the term. The maximum loan-to-value ratio of our commercial real estate loans is generally 80 . Our commercial real estate loans are typically secured by medical, industrial, warehouse, retail or other commercial properties. We originate a limited number of multi-family loans generally secured by apartment buildings. At December 31, 2022, the average principal loan balance of our outstanding commercial real estate loans was 603,000, and the largest of such loans was a 4.4 million loan secured by a midscale flagged hotel in our market area originated in September 2022. This loan was performing in accordance with its terms at December 31, 2022. We also originate first mortgage loans secured by farmland. At December 31, 2022, farmland loans totaled 4.1 million, or 2.8 of our commercial real estate loan portfolio. Such loans are generally fixed-rate loans at a margin over the prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal with terms up to 10 years and amortization schedules of up to 25 years. Loans secured by farmland may be made in amounts up to 80 of the value of the farm. Generally, we obtain personal guarantees from the borrower on all loans secured by farmland. We consider a number of factors in originating commercial real estate loans. We evaluate the qualifications and financial condition of the borrower, including project-level and global cash flows, credit history, and management expertise, as well as the value and condition of the property securing the loan. When evaluating the qualifications of the borrower, we consider the financial resources of the borrower, the borrower s experience in owning or managing similar property and the borrower s payment history with us and other financial institutions. In evaluating the property securing the loan, the factors we consider include the net operating income of the mortgaged property before debt service and depreciation, the ratio of the loan amount to the appraised value of the mortgaged property and the debt service coverage ratio (the ratio of net operating income to debt service). We generally require a debt service ratio of at least 1.25x. Generally, commercial real estate loans are appraised by outside independent appraisers, however, if the value of the loan is less than 500,000 and the property is owner occupied, we may utilize third party evaluations in lieu of formal appraisals which are subsequently reviewed by our credit department. Although our policy allows for third party evaluations, we normally obtain appraisals. Personal guarantees are generally obtained from the principals of commercial real estate loan borrowers, although this requirement may be waived in limited circumstances depending upon the loan-to-value ratio and the debt service ratio associated with the loan. We require property, casualty and title insurance and flood insurance if the property is in a flood zone area. Commercial real estate loans entail greater credit risks compared to one- to four-family residential real estate loans because they typically involve larger loan balances concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. In addition, the payment of loans secured by income-producing properties typically depends on the successful operation of the property, as repayment of the loan generally is dependent, in large part, on sufficient income from the property to cover operating expenses and debt service. Changes in economic conditions that are not in the control of the borrower or lender could affect the value of the collateral for the loan or the future cash flow of the property. Additionally, any decline in real estate values may be more pronounced for commercial and multi-family real estate than residential properties. Construction Lending . We originate construction loans for the purchase of developed lots, for the construction of single-family residences and commercial real estate. Most of our construction loans are interest-only loans that provide for the payment of only interest during the construction phase, which is usually up to 6 to 24 months, although some 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 commercial construction loans are renewed, generally for one or two additional years. At the end of the construction phase, the loan may convert to a permanent mortgage loan or the loan may be paid in full. Prior to making a commitment to fund a construction loan, we require an appraisal of the property by an independent appraiser. A third party reviews and inspects each project prior to disbursement of funds during the term of the construction loan. Loan proceeds are disbursed upon the inspector s approval. At December 31, 2022, we had 20.4 million of construction loans, representing 6.7 of our total loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, the average principal loan balance of our outstanding construction loans was 444,000, and the largest of such loans was a 3.4 million loan secured by site improvements for residential single family sub division in our market area originated in May 2021. This loan was performing in accordance with its terms at December 31, 2022. Generally, the maximum loan-to-value of these loans is 80 of the lesser of the appraised value or construction cost of the property, and all these loans include personal guarantees for owners of 20 or more. Our development loans are secured by the entire property being platted and developed. Lending on raw land carries a significant risk of a change in market conditions during the development process. During the development process, we fund costs for site clearing and grading and infrastructure, including utilities and roads. Repayment and release of our development loans is structured to maintain the maximum loan-to-value that was approved at origination. We target most development loans to be paid off at no more than 70 of total lot sales. The maximum loan-to-value ratio on development loans is 70 of the lesser of the appraised value or land acquisition plus development cost of the property. We generally require a global debt service ratio on development loans of 1.2x or greater. Most development loans have maturities of 12 to 36 months, and may be extended if it is a multi-phase development. Construction financing generally involves greater credit risk than long-term financing on improved, owner-occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the value of the property at completion of construction compared to the estimated cost (including interest) of construction and other assumptions. If the estimate of construction cost proves to be inaccurate, we may be required to advance additional funds beyond the amount originally committed in order to protect the value of the property. Moreover, if the estimated value of the completed project proves to be inaccurate, the borrower may hold a property with a value that is insufficient to assure full repayment. Construction loans also expose us to the risks that improvements will not be completed on time in accordance with specifications and projected costs and that repayment will depend on the successful operation or sale of the properties. In addition, some of these borrowers have more than one outstanding loan, so an adverse development with respect to one loan or credit relationship can expose us to significantly greater risk of non-payment and loss. Commercial and Industrial Lending . At December 31, 2022, we had 17.9 million of commercial and industrial loans, representing 5.9 of our total loan portfolio. We offer regular lines of credit and revolving lines of credit to small businesses in our market area to finance short-term working capital needs such as accounts receivable and inventory with terms of up to 12 months that are due on demand and subject to annual renewal. We have begun to develop relationships with professional organizations such as accounting firms, law firms and medical practices. Our commercial lines of credit are typically variable rate tied to the prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal . We generally obtain personal guarantees with respect to all commercial and industrial lines of credit. At December 31, 2022, the average loan size of our commercial and industrial loans was 175,000, and our largest outstanding commercial and industrial loan balance was a 3.7 million loan to a supplier and installer of specialty building products in our market area originated in October 2022. This loan was performing in accordance with its terms at December 31, 2022. We typically originate commercial business loans on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the borrower s business, the experience and stability of the borrower s management team, earnings projections and the underlying assumptions, and the value and marketability of any collateral securing the loan. Depending on the collateral used to secure the loans, commercial and industrial loans are made in amounts generally of up to 80 of the value of the collateral securing the loan. Commercial and industrial loans are generally secured by a variety of collateral, primarily accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial and industrial loans may be substantially dependent on the success of the business itself and the general economic environment in our market area. Therefore, commercial and industrial loans that we originate have greater credit risk than one- to four-family residential real estate loans or, generally, consumer loans. In addition, commercial 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 and industrial loans often result in larger outstanding balances to single borrowers, or related groups of borrowers, and also generally require substantially greater evaluation and oversight efforts. Consumer and Other Lending. We offer on a limited basis consumer loans to individuals secured by deposit accounts and other assets. At December 31, 2022, our consumer and other loan portfolio totaled 8.2 million, or 2.7 of our total loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, the average principal loan balance of our outstanding consumer and other loans was 223,000, and the largest of such loans was a 3.0 million loan secured by investor secured securities originated in October 2020. This loan was performing in accordance with its terms at December 31, 2022. Our procedure for underwriting consumer loans includes an assessment of the applicant s credit history and ability to meet existing obligations and payments of the proposed loan, as well as an evaluation of the value of the collateral security, if any. Consumer loans generally entail greater risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of loans that are unsecured or are secured by assets that tend to depreciate in value. As a result, consumer loan collections are primarily dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability and thus are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. In these cases, repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan, and the remaining value often does not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. Loan Originations, Participations, Purchases and Sales Most of our loan originations are generated by our loan personnel and from referrals from existing customers, real estate brokers, accountants and other professionals. All loans we originate are underwritten pursuant to our policies and procedures. While we originate both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans, our ability to generate each type of loan depends upon relative borrower demand and pricing levels established by competing banks, thrifts, credit unions, and mortgage banking companies. Our volume of loan originations is influenced significantly by market interest rates, and, accordingly, the volume of our loan originations can vary from period to period. We generally do not sell any of the loans we originate. We purchase commercial loan participations secured by properties primarily within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in which we are not the lead lender. In these circumstances, we follow our customary loan underwriting and approval policies. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding balances of our loan participations where we are not the lead lender totaled 12.6 million, or 4.1 of our loan portfolio, of which all 12.6 million were commercial real estate loans. All such loans were performing in accordance with their original repayment terms. We also have participated out portions of loans that exceeded our loans-to-one borrower legal lending limit and for risk diversification. At December 31, 2022, we had participated out portions of loans with an aggregate principal balance of 25.9 million. We have not purchased whole loans. Loans to One Borrower. Pursuant to applicable law, the aggregate amount of loans that we are permitted to make to any one borrower or a group of related borrowers is generally limited to 15 of Presence Bank s unimpaired capital and surplus (25 if the amount in excess of 15 is secured by readily marketable collateral ). This 15 of unimpaired capital and surplus was approximately 6.3 million as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, our largest credit relationship totaled 5.0 million, consisting of three loans secured by commercial real estate. At December 31, 2022, this loan relationship was performing in accordance with its current terms. Loan Approval Procedures and Authority . Our lending activities follow written, non-discriminatory underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by the board of directors. In the approval process for residential loans, we assess the borrower s ability to repay the loan and the value of the property securing the loan. To assess the borrower s ability to repay, we review the borrower s income and expenses and employment and credit history. In the case of commercial real estate loans, we also review projected income, expenses and the viability of the project being financed. We require appraisals of all real property securing loans for loans greater than 400,000 for residential loans and 500,000 for commercial loans. Appraisals are performed by independent licensed appraisers. If the value of the loan is less than 400,000 for residential loans and 500,000 for commercial loans, we may utilize a third party 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 evaluation which is also reviewed by our credit department. Although our policy allows for third party evaluations, we normally obtain appraisals. All real estate secured loans generally require fire, title and casualty insurance and, if warranted, flood insurance in amounts at least equal to the principal amount of the loan or the maximum amount available. Our loan approval policies and limits are also established by our board of directors. All loans originated by Presence Bank are subject to our underwriting guidelines. The approval of three of the following: Chief Risk and Credit Officer, Chief Banking Officer, Credit Manager or Relationship Manager are required for approval of secured commercial, residential and consumer loans up to 1.0 million. The approval of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Risk and Credit Officer and two of the following: Chief Banking Officer, Credit Manager, or Relationship Manager are required for approval of secured commercial, residential and consumer loans up to and including 2.0 million. Officer Loan Committee approval is required for all loans up to and including 2.0 million. Consumer and residential loans under 750,000 can be approved by Officer Loan Committee regardless of exposure. Director Loan Committee approval is required for all loans in excess of 2.0 million up to and including our legal lending limit of 6.3 million. Unsecured loans in excess of 150,000 also require the approval of the Director Loan Committee. Board of Directors approval is required for all Regulation O loans. Delinquencies, Non-Performing Assets and Classified Assets Delinquency Procedures. When a loan is 15 days past due, we send the borrower a late notice. We generally also contact the borrower by phone if the delinquency is not corrected promptly after the notice has been sent. When the loan is 30 days past due, we mail the borrower a letter reminding the borrower of the delinquency, and attempt to contact the borrower personally to determine the reason for the delinquency in order to ensure that the borrower understands the terms of the loan and the importance of making payments on or before the due date. If necessary, subsequent delinquency notices are issued at 45 days past due and the account will be monitored on a regular basis thereafter. By the 90th day of delinquency, we will send the borrower a final demand for payment and may recommend foreclosure. At 120 days, we typically begin foreclosure proceedings. Loans are charged off when we believe that the recovery of principal is unlikely. A summary report of all loans 30 days or more past due is provided to the board of directors each month. Delinquent Loans . The following table sets forth our loan delinquencies, including non-accrual loans, by type and amount at the dates indicated. 

At December 31, 2022 2021 30 59 Days Past 90 or More 30 59 Days Past 60 89 Days Past 90 or More Due 60 89 Days Past Due Days Past Due Due Due Days Past Due (In thousands) Real estate: One- to four-family residential 382 33 142 46 308 Commercial 416 453 Construction 147 541 Commercial and industrial 149 Consumer and other Total 382 745 142 46 1,302 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Non-Performing Loans. Loans are reviewed on a weekly basis and again by our credit committee on a monthly basis. Management determines that a loan is impaired or non-performing when it is probable at least a portion of the loan will not be collected in accordance with the original terms due to a deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower or the value of the underlying collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. A specific reserve is established for an impaired loan if its carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. The estimated fair values of substantially all of the Company s impaired loans are measured based on the estimated fair value of the loan s collateral net of estimated selling costs. Non-accrual loans are loans for which collectability is questionable and, therefore, interest on such loans will no longer be recognized on an accrual basis. All loans that become 90 days or more delinquent are placed on non-accrual status unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. When loans are placed on non-accrual status, unpaid accrued interest is fully reversed, and further income is recognized only to the extent received on a cash basis or cost recovery method. A loan is classified as a troubled debt restructuring if, for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties, we grant a concession to the borrower that we would not otherwise consider. This usually includes a modification of loan terms, such as a reduction of the interest rate to below market terms, capitalizing past due interest or extending the maturity date and possibly a partial forgiveness of the principal amount due. Interest income on restructured loans is accrued after the borrower demonstrates the ability to pay under the restructured terms through a sustained period of repayment performance, which is generally six consecutive months. Real Estate Owned . When we acquire real estate as a result of foreclosure, the real estate is classified as real estate owned. The real estate owned is recorded at the lower of carrying amount or fair value, less estimated costs to sell. Soon after acquisition, we order a new appraisal to determine the current market value of the property. Any excess of the recorded value of the loan satisfied over the market value of the property is charged against the allowance for loan losses, or, if the existing allowance is inadequate, charged to expense of the current period. After acquisition, all costs incurred in maintaining the property are expensed. Costs relating to the development and improvement of the property, however, are capitalized to the extent of estimated fair value less estimated costs to sell. We had no real estate owned at December 31, 2022 or as of December 31, 2021. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Non-Performing Assets. The following table sets forth information regarding our non-performing assets. Non-accrual loans include non-accruing troubled debt restructurings of 314,000 and 379,000 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Non-accrual loans: Real estate: One- to four-family residential 330 659 Commercial 416 453 Construction 147 541 Commercial and industrial 156 Consumer and other Total non-accrual loans 1,049 1,653 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more Real estate: One- to four-family residential Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial Consumer Total accruing loans past due 90 days or more Total non-performing loans 1,049 1,653 Foreclosed assets Total non-performing assets 1,049 1,653 Non-accruing troubled debt restructurings: Real estate: One- to four-family residential Commercial 167 190 Construction 147 189 Commercial and industrial Consumer and other Total 314 379 Total accruing troubled debt restructured loans 545 570 Total non-performing loans to total loans 0.34 0.65 Total non-accrual loans to total loans 0.34 0.65 Total non-performing assets to total assets 0.27 0.52 Non-performing loans decreased to 1.0 million, or 0.34 of total loans, at December 31, 2022 from 1.7 million, or 0.65 of total loans, at December 31, 2021. This decrease was due primarily to a 394,000 reduction in non-performing construction loans due to a payoff of one relationship in 2022 with a balance of 354,000 at December 31, 2021. There was also a 329,000 reduction in non-performing one- to four- family residential real estate loans due primarily to a non-accrual loan with a balance of 147,000 at December 31, 2021 returning to accrual status during 2022 and a payoff of one relationship in 2022 with a balance of 105,000 at December 31, 2021. These decreases were partially offset by a commercial and industrial loan with a 156,000 balance at December 31, 2022 being added to non-accrual loans during 2022. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Classified Assets . Federal regulations provide for the classification of loans and other assets, such as debt and equity securities considered by the FDIC to be of lesser quality, as substandard, doubtful or loss. An asset is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard assets include those characterized by the distinct possibility that the insured institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as doubtful have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. Assets classified as loss are those considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets without the establishment of a specific allowance for loan losses is not warranted. Assets that do not currently expose the insured institution to sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories but possess weaknesses are designated as special mention by our management. At December 31, 2022, we had 607,000 of loans designated as special mention. When an insured institution classifies problem assets as either substandard or doubtful, it may establish general allowances in an amount deemed prudent by management to cover losses that were both probable and reasonable to estimate. General allowances represent allowances which have been established to cover accrued losses associated with lending activities that were both probable and reasonable to estimate, but which, unlike specific allowances, have not been allocated to particular problem assets. When an insured institution classifies problem assets as loss, it is required either to establish a specific allowance for losses equal to 100 of that portion of the asset so classified or to charge-off such amount. An institution s determination as to the classification of its assets and the amount of its valuation allowances is subject to review by the regulatory authorities, which may require the establishment of additional general or specific allowances. In connection with the filing of our periodic regulatory reports and in accordance with our classification of assets policy, we regularly review the problem loans in our portfolio to determine whether any loans require classification in accordance with applicable regulations. Loans are listed on the watch list initially because of emerging financial weaknesses even though the loan is currently performing as agreed. Management reviews the status of each loan on our watch list on a monthly basis with our credit committee and on a quarterly basis with the full board of directors. If a loan deteriorates in asset quality, the classification is changed to special mention, substandard, doubtful or loss depending on the circumstances and the evaluation. Generally, loans 90 days or more past due are placed on nonaccrual status and classified substandard. On the basis of this review of our loans, our classified and special mention loans at the dates indicated were as follows: 

At December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Substandard loans 2,661 2,618 Doubtful loans Loss loans Total classified loans 2,661 2,618 Special mention loans 607 625 Classified loans remained flat at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. Substandard loans at December 31, 2022 consisted of 1.0 million in non-accrual loans and 1.6 million in loans that were performing. Allowance for Loan Losses Analysis and Determination of the Allowance for Loan Losses . The allowance for loan losses represents management s estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the consolidated balance sheet date and is recorded as a reduction to loans. The allowance for loan losses is increased by the provision for loan losses, and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for loan losses, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. All, or part, of the principal balance of a loan receivable is charged off to the allowance as soon as it is determined that the repayment of all, or part, of the principal balance is highly unlikely. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Because all identified losses are immediately charged off, no portion of the allowance for loan losses is restricted to any individual loan or groups of loans, and the entire allowance is available to absorb any and all loan losses. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated. Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is based on our past loan loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. The allowance consists of specific, general and unallocated components. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. The general component covers pools of loans by loan class including construction and commercial loans not considered impaired, as well as smaller balance homogeneous loans, such as residential mortgages and consumer loans. These pools of loans are evaluated for loss exposure based upon historical loss rates for each of these categories of loans, adjusted for qualitative factors. These qualitative risk factors include: (1) lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards and collection, charge-off, and recovery practices; (2) national, regional, and local economic and business conditions as well as the condition of various market segments, including the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans; (3) nature and volume of the portfolio and terms of loans; (4) volume and severity of past due, classified and nonaccrual loans as well as loan modifications; (5) existence and effect of any concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations; (6) effect of external factors, such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements; (7) experience, ability, and depth of lending department management and other relevant staff; (8) quality of loan review and board of director oversight; and (9) change in the inflationary environment. Each factor is assigned a value to reflect improving, stable or declining conditions based on management s best judgment using relevant information available at the time of the evaluation. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we increased certain of our qualitative loan portfolio risk factors relating to local and national economic conditions as well as industry conditions and concentrations, which have experienced deterioration due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. The COVID-19 factors remain in place as of December 31, 2022. During 2022, the Bank added a change in the inflationary environment factor due to the rapid increase in Federal Funds rates during 2022. The qualitative factors for lending policies and procedures and existence and effect of any concentrations of credit had overall upgrades during 2022. An unallocated component of the allowance for loan losses is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio. We will continue to monitor and modify our allowance for loan losses as conditions dictate. No assurances can be given that the level of allowance for loan losses will cover all of the inherent losses on the loans or that future adjustments to the allowance for loan losses will not be necessary if economic and other conditions differ substantially from the economic and other conditions used by management to determine the current level of the allowance for loan losses. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Allowance for Loan Losses . The following table sets forth activity in our allowance for loan losses for the years indicated. 

At or For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Allowance for loan losses at beginning of year 3,145 2,854 Provision for loan losses 1,200 287 Charge-offs: Real estate: One- to four-family residential Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial (351) Consumer and other (6) Total charge-offs (357) Recoveries: Real estate: One- to four-family residential Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial 4 4 Consumer and other Total recoveries 4 4 Net (charge-offs) recoveries (353) 4 Allowance at end of period 3,992 3,145 Allowance to non-accrual loans 380.55 190.26 Allowance to total loans outstanding at the end of the year 1.31 1.24 Net (charge-offs) recoveries to average loans outstanding during the year 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding during the year Real estate: One- to four-family residential Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial 1.94 Consumer and other 0.07 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding during the year 0.12 The provision for loan losses increased 913,000, or 318.1 , to 1.2 million for 2022 from 287,000 for 2021 primarily due to an adjustment of certain qualitative factors to take into account the uncertain impacts of the rapid increase in interest rates and the growth in the commercial real estate, construction and commercial and industrial loan segments. In 2022, there was one significant partial charge-off of 351,000 to a commercial and industrial loan and no charge-offs in 2021. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses. The following table sets forth the allowance for loan losses allocated by loan category and the percent of the allowance in each category to the total allocated allowance at the dates indicated. The allowance for loan losses allocated to each category is not necessarily indicative of future losses in any particular category and does not restrict the use of the allowance to absorb losses in other categories. 

At December 31, 2022 2021 Percent of Percent of Allowance in Each Percent of Loans Allowance in Each Allowance Category to Total in Category to Total Percent of Loans in for Loan Allocated Each Category to Allowance for Loan Allocated Each Category to Losses Allowance Total Loans Losses Allowance Total Loans (Dollars in thousands) Real estate: One- to four-family residential 1,156 31.28 36.14 1,217 40.69 41.91 Commercial 1,829 49.49 48.64 1,357 45.35 46.75 Construction 316 8.55 6.68 194 6.48 5.44 Commercial and industrial 308 8.33 5.85 191 6.38 4.70 Consumer and other 87 2.35 2.69 33 1.10 1.20 Total allocated allowance 3,696 100.00 100.00 2,992 100.00 100.00 Unallocated 296 153 Total 3,992 3,145 Although we believe that we use the best information available to establish the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance for loan losses may be necessary and results of operations could be adversely affected if circumstances differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the determinations. Because future events affecting borrowers and collateral cannot be predicted with certainty, the existing allowance for loan losses may not be adequate and management may determine that increases in the allowance are necessary if the quality of any portion of our loan portfolio deteriorates as a result. Furthermore, as an integral part of its examination process, the FDIC and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking will periodically review our allowance for loan losses. However, regulatory agencies are not directly involved in establishing the allowance for loan losses as the process is our responsibility and any increase or decrease in the allowance is the responsibility of management. Any material increase in the allowance for loan losses will adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Investment Activities General. Our board of directors is responsible for approving and overseeing our investment policy. The investment policy is reviewed at least annually by management and any changes to the policy are recommended to the board of directors and are subject to its approval. This policy dictates that investment decisions be made based on the safety of the investment, regulatory standards, liquidity requirements, potential returns and consistency with our interest rate risk management strategy. Our asset liability management committee, which consists of our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Banking Officer, Chief Risk and Credit Officer, Chief Information Officer, Controller, Credit Manager, and Senior Commercial Relationship Managers, oversees our investing activities and strategies. All transactions are formally reviewed by the board of directors at least monthly. Wilmington Trust Company executes investment activity on behalf of Presence Bank and provides administrative support related to the investment portfolio. CSB Investments, a subsidiary of Presence Bank, holds the majority of the securities for the consolidated entity and has a similar investment policy ratified by the board of directors of Presence Bank. Our current investment policy authorizes us to invest in debt securities issued by the United States Government, agencies of the United States Government or United States Government-sponsored enterprises. The policy also permits investments in mortgage-backed securities, including pass-through securities, issued and guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae, as well as investments in federal funds, deposits in other insured institutions and certain 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 mutual funds. In addition, management is authorized to invest in investment grade state and municipal obligations, commercial paper and corporate debt obligations within regulatory parameters. We do not engage in any investment hedging activities or trading activities, nor do we purchase any mortgage derivative products, corporate junk bonds, and certain types of structured notes. Generally accepted accounting principles require that, at the time of purchase, we designate a debt security as held-to-maturity, available-for-sale, or trading, depending on our ability and intent to hold such security. Debt securities designated as available-for-sale are reported at fair value, while debt securities designated as held to maturity are reported at amortized cost. All of our debt securities are designated as available for sale. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we held no debt securities that were not carried at fair value through other comprehensive income (loss). The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities available-for-sale at December 31, 2022, by contractual maturity with yields, are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties (dollars in thousands). 

Available-for-Sale Amortized Cost Fair Value Yield Due less than one year 29,859 29,819 3.15 Due one year through five years 21,243 19,117 0.62 Due after five years through ten years Mortgage-backed securities 97 99 4.84 Collateralized mortgage obligations 3,293 3,012 1.95 54,492 52,047 2.09 United States Governmental Securities . At December 31, 2022, we had U.S. Government securities totaling 19.1 million, which constituted 36.2 of our securities portfolio. We maintain these investments, to the extent appropriate, for liquidity purposes, at zero risk weighting for capital purposes and as collateral for borrowings. At December 31, 2022, United States government securities consisted of securities issued by Fannie Mae, Federal Home Loan Bank, Federal Farm Credit Bank, and Freddie Mac. United States Treasury Securities . At December 31, 2022, we had U.S. treasury securities totaling 29.8 million, which constituted 56.5 of our securities portfolio. We maintain these investments, to the extent appropriate, for liquidity purposes, at zero risk weighting for capital purposes and as collateral for borrowings. At December 31, 2022, United States treasury securities consisted of securities issued by the United States Department of the Treasury. Mortgage-Backed Securities. At December 31, 2022, we had mortgage-backed securities totaling 99,000, which constituted 0.2 of our securities portfolio. We invest in mortgage-backed securities insured or guaranteed by Ginnie Mae, Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae. We have not purchased privately-issued mortgage-backed securities. We invest in mortgage-backed securities to achieve positive interest rate spreads with minimal administrative expense, and to lower our credit risk as a result of the guarantees provided by Ginnie Mae, Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae. Investments in mortgage-backed securities involve a risk that actual payments will be greater or less than the prepayment rate estimated at the time of purchase, which may require adjustments to the amortization of any premium or acceleration of any discount relating to such interests, thereby affecting the net yield on our securities. We periodically review current prepayment speeds to determine whether prepayment estimates require modification that could cause amortization or accretion adjustments. There is also reinvestment risk associated with the cash flows from such securities or in the event such securities are redeemed by the issuer. In addition, the market value of such securities may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Collateralized Mortgage Obligations. At December 31, 2022, we had collateralized mortgage obligations CMOs totaling 3.0 million, which constituted 5.7 of our securities portfolio. We invest in fixed-rate CMOs issued by Ginnie Mae, Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae. A CMO is a type of mortgage-backed security that creates separate pools of pass-through rates for different classes of bondholders with varying maturities, called tranches. The repayments from the pool of pass-through securities are used to retire the bonds in the order specified by the bonds prospectus. Mutual Fund. At December 31, 2022, we invested in one mutual fund-based Community Reinvestment Act fund totaling 762,000, which constituted 1.4 of our securities portfolio. The fund allows us the opportunity to invest in a vehicle that targets community development capital to our local market. Other Securities. We held common stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh in connection with our borrowing activities totaling 2.2 million at December 31, 2022. The Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh common stock is carried at cost. We may be required to purchase additional Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh stock if we increase borrowings in the future. Additionally, we held common stock of Atlantic Community Bankers Bank in connection with membership requirements totaling 60,000 at December 31, 2022. Sources of Funds General. Deposits have traditionally been our primary source of funds for use in lending and investment activities. We may also use borrowings, primarily Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh advances, to supplement cash flow needs, as necessary. In addition, we receive funds from scheduled loan payments, loan prepayments, retained income and income on earning assets. While scheduled loan payments and income on earning assets are relatively stable sources of funds, deposit inflows and outflows can vary widely and are influenced by prevailing interest rates, market conditions and levels of competition. Deposits. Our deposits are generated primarily from residents, municipalities, non-profits and businesses within our market area. We offer a selection of deposit accounts, including savings accounts, demand deposit accounts, money market accounts and certificates of deposit. Deposit account terms vary, with the principal differences being the minimum balance required, the amount of time the funds must remain on deposit and the interest rate. At December 31, 2022, we had 7.9 million in brokered deposits and 20.1 million in deposits acquired through listing services. At December 31, 2022, we had 22.9 million in deposits to municipalities primarily in our market area. Interest rates, maturity terms, service fees and withdrawal penalties are established on a periodic basis. Deposit rates and terms are based primarily on current operating strategies and market rates, liquidity requirements, rates paid by competitors and growth goals. The flow of deposits is influenced significantly by general economic conditions, changes in interest rates and competition. The variety of deposit accounts that we offer allows us to be competitive in generating deposits and to respond with flexibility to changes in our customers demands. Our ability to generate deposits is affected by the competitive market in which we operate, which includes numerous financial institutions of varying sizes offering a wide range of products. We believe that deposits are a stable source of funds, but our ability to attract and maintain deposits at favorable rates will be affected by market conditions, including competition and prevailing interest rates. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth the distribution of total deposits by account type at the dates indicated. 

At December 31, 2022 2021 Average Balance Percent Average Rate Average Balance Percent Average Rate (Dollars in thousands) Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 25,837 8.97 30,188 11.92 Interest-bearing demand deposits 79,603 27.63 0.31 71,879 28.39 0.30 Savings deposits 22,628 7.85 0.35 20,465 8.08 0.34 Money market deposits 65,597 22.76 0.57 49,388 19.51 0.47 Certificates of deposit 94,501 32.79 1.42 81,277 32.10 1.55 Total 288,166 100.00 0.71 253,197 100.00 0.70 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate amount of uninsured deposits (deposits in amounts excess of 250,000 which is the federal deposit insurance coverage) was 65.8 million and 59.8 million, respectively, inclusive of deposits with excess insurance coverage or pledged collateral. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of all our uninsured certificates of deposit was 7.4 million. We have no deposits that are uninsured for any reason other than being in excess of the maximum amount for federal deposit insurance. The following table sets forth the maturity of the uninsured certificates of deposit as of December 31, 2022. 

At December 31, 2022 (In thousands) Maturity Period: Three months or less 109 Over three through six months 13 Over six through twelve months 1,514 Over twelve months 5,770 Total 7,406 Borrowings. We may obtain advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh upon the security of our capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh and certain of our mortgage loans. Such advances may be made pursuant to several different credit programs, each of which has its own interest rate and range of maturities. At December 31, 2022, we had the ability to borrow approximately 155.6 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, of which 47.6 million had been advanced in addition to 8.3 million held in reserve to secure two letters of credit to collateralize municipal deposits. Additionally, at December 31, 2022, we had the ability to borrow 7.5 million from the Atlantic Community Bankers Bank and we maintained a line of credit of 2.0 million with the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. We did not borrow against the credit lines with the Atlantic Community Bankers Bank or the Federal Reserve Bank during the year ended December 31, 2022. Subsidiary Activities Presence Bank is the wholly-owned subsidiary of PB Bankshares. Presence Bank has one subsidiary, CSB Investments, a Delaware corporation, which holds the majority of the debt securities for Presence Bank. Personnel and Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had 35 full-time equivalent employees. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining group. Management believes that we have good working relations with our employees. We believe our ability to attract and retain employees is a key to our success. Accordingly, we strive to offer competitive salaries and employee benefits to all employees and monitor salaries in our market areas. In addition, we are committed to developing our staff through continuing education and specialty education within banking, which may include using universities that offer banking management programs, when applicable. We have also developed an in-house program to teach our employees the benefits of managing their money in a prudent manner. The course is designed to account for 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 every dollar of spending and ensuring wise distribution between wants and needs. The goal is for employees to establish a reserve fund, eliminate debt by focusing on paying off higher interest rate loans and saving for retirement. REGULATION AND SUPERVISION General Presence Bank is a stock savings bank organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The lending, investment, and other business operations of Presence Bank are governed by Pennsylvania law and regulations, as well as applicable federal law and regulations, and Presence Bank is prohibited from engaging in any operations not authorized by such laws and regulations. Presence Bank is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and the FDIC. This regulation and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution may engage and is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC s deposit insurance fund and depositors, and not for the protection of security holders. Presence Bank also is a member of and owns stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, which is one of the 11 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank System. Under this system of regulation, the regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory, enforcement, rulemaking and examination activities and policies, including rules or policies that: establish minimum capital levels; restrict the timing and amount of dividend payments; govern the classification of assets; determine the adequacy of loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes; and establish the timing and amounts of insurance assessments and other fees. Moreover, as part of their examination authority, the banking regulators assign numerical ratings to banks and savings institutions relating to capital, asset quality, management, liquidity, earnings and other factors. The receipt of a less than satisfactory rating in one or more categories may result in enforcement action by the banking regulators against a financial institution. A less than satisfactory rating may also prevent a financial institution, such as Presence Bank or its holding company, from obtaining necessary regulatory approvals to access the capital markets, pay dividends, acquire other financial institutions or establish new branches. In addition, we must comply with significant anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws and regulations, Community Reinvestment Act laws and regulations, and fair lending laws and regulations. Government agencies have the authority to impose monetary penalties and other sanctions on institutions that fail to comply with these laws and regulations, which could significantly affect our business activities, including our ability to acquire other financial institutions or expand our branch network. As a bank holding company, PB Bankshares is required to comply with the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board. It is required to file certain reports with the Federal Reserve Board and is subject to examination by and the enforcement authority of the Federal Reserve Board. PB Bankshares is also subject to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the federal securities laws. Any change in applicable laws or regulations, whether by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board or Congress, could have a material adverse impact on the operations and financial performance of PB Bankshares and Presence Bank. Set forth below is a brief description of material regulatory requirements that are applicable to Presence Bank and PB Bankshares. The description is limited to certain material aspects of the statutes and regulations addressed, and is not intended to be a complete description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on Presence Bank and PB Bankshares. Pennsylvania Bank Regulation Activity Powers. The Pennsylvania Department of Banking will regulate the internal organization of Presence Bank, as well as our activities, including, deposit-taking, lending and investment. The basic authority for our activities is specified by Pennsylvania law and by regulations, policies and directives issued by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking. The 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 FDIC also regulates many of the areas regulated by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking, and federal law limits some of the authority that the Pennsylvania Department of Banking grants to us. Examination and Enforcement. The Pennsylvania Department of Banking regularly examines state-chartered banks in such areas as reserves, loans, investments, management practices and other aspects of operations. Although the Pennsylvania Department of Banking may accept the examinations and reports of the FDIC in lieu of its own examinations, the current practice is for the Pennsylvania Department of Banking to conduct individual examinations. The Pennsylvania Department of Banking may order any savings bank to discontinue any violation of law or unsafe or unsound business practice and may direct any director, director, officer, attorney or employee of a savings bank engaged in an objectionable activity, after the Pennsylvania Department of Banking has ordered the activity to be terminated, to show cause at a hearing before the Pennsylvania Department of Banking why such person should not be removed. Loans-to-One-Borrower Limitations. With certain specified exceptions, a Pennsylvania chartered stock savings bank may not make loans or extend credit to a single borrower and to entities related to the borrower in an aggregate amount that would exceed 15 of a savings bank s capital accounts. Under the Pennsylvania Banking Code, loans which are secured by collateral which has a market value of not less than 120 of the amount of the obligations secured by such collateral are excluded from the loan-to-one-borrower limitation up to an aggregate limit for 15 of the savings bank s capital accounts. Loans to Presence Bank s Insiders . Pennsylvania law provides that we may make loans to our executive officers and directors and greater than 10 stockholders in accordance with federal regulations. Dividend Restrictions. PB Bankshares is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiary, Presence Bank. There are various legal and regulatory restrictions on the extent to which Presence Bank can, among other things, finance or otherwise supply funds to PB Bankshares. Specifically, dividends from Presence Bank are the principal source of PB Bankshares s cash funds and there are certain legal restrictions under Pennsylvania law and regulations on the payment of dividends by state-chartered banks. The Pennsylvania Department of Banking, the FDIC and the Federal Reserve Board also have authority to prohibit PB Bankshares and Presence Bank from engaging in certain practices deemed to be unsafe and unsound. The payment of dividends could, depending upon the condition of PB Bankshares and Presence Bank, be deemed to constitute an unsafe and unsound practice. The Pennsylvania Banking Code regulates the distribution of dividends by banks and states, in part, that dividends may be declared and paid only out of accumulated net earnings. In addition, we may not declare and pay dividends from the surplus funds that Pennsylvania law requires that we maintain. Each year we will be required to set aside as surplus funds a sum equal to not less than 10 of our net earnings until the surplus funds equal 100 of our capital stock. We may invest surplus funds in the same manner as deposits, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, dividends may not be declared or paid if a bank is in default in payment of any assessment due the FDIC. Minimum Capital Requirements. Regulations of the Pennsylvania Department of Banking impose on Pennsylvania chartered depository institutions, including Presence Bank, minimum capital requirements similar to those imposed by the FDIC on insured state banks. See Federal Bank Regulation Capital Requirements . Federal Bank Regulation Capital Requirements . Federal regulations require FDIC insured depository institutions to meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 6.0 , a total capital to risk-based assets of 8.0 , and a 4.0 Tier 1 capital to total assets leverage ratio. The existing capital requirements were effective January 1, 2015 and are the result of a final rule implementing regulatory amendments based on recommendations of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. Common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common stockholders equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus, meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions that have exercised an opt-out election regarding the treatment of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI ), up to 45 of net unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Institutions that have not exercised the AOCI opt-out have AOCI incorporated into common equity Tier 1 capital (including unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale-securities). Presence Bank exercised its AOCI opt-out election. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets e.g. , recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0 is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities, a risk weight of 50 is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien one- to four-family residential real estate loans, a risk weight of 100 is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150 is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of between 0 to 600 is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain specified factors. In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted asset above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. In assessing an institution s capital adequacy, the FDIC takes into consideration, not only these numeric factors, but qualitative factors as well, including the bank s exposure to interest rate risk. The FDIC has the authority to establish higher capital requirements for individual institutions where deemed necessary due to a determination that an institution s capital level is, or is likely to become, inadequate in light of particular circumstances. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act EGRRCPA ), enacted in 2018, required the federal banking agencies, including the FDIC, to establish for institutions with assets of less than 10 billion a Community Bank Leverage ratio of between 8 to 10 . Institutions with capital meeting or exceeding the ratio and otherwise complying with the specified requirements (including off-balance sheet exposures of 25 or less of total assets and trading assets and liabilities of 5 or less of total assets) and electing the alternative framework are considered to comply with the applicable regulatory capital requirements. The community bank leverage ratio was established at 9 Tier 1 capital to total average assets, effective January 1, 2020. A qualifying institution may opt in and out of the community bank leverage ratio framework on its quarterly call report. An institution that temporarily ceases to meet any qualifying criteria is provided with a two quarter grace period to again achieve compliance. Failure to meet the qualifying criteria within the grace period or maintain a leverage ratio of 8 or greater requires the institution to comply with the generally applicable capital requirements. Section 4012 of the CARES Act required that the community bank leverage ratio be temporarily lowered to 8 . The federal regulators issued a rule making the reduced ratio effective for the second quarter of 2020. Another rule was issued to transition back to the 9 community bank leverage ratio by increasing the ratio to 8.5 for calendar year 2021 and to 9 thereafter. Presence Bank elected to use the Community Bank Leverage ratio. Standards for Safety and Soundness. As required by statute, the federal banking agencies adopted final regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement safety and soundness standards. The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines address internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, credit underwriting, loan documentation, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings and compensation, fees and benefits. The agencies have also established standards for 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 safeguarding customer information. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. Investment Activities. All FDIC insured banks, including savings banks, are generally limited in their equity investment activities to equity investments of the type and in the amount authorized for national banks, notwithstanding state law, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, a state bank may engage in state-authorized activities or investments not permissible for national banks (other than non-subsidiary equity investments) if it meets all applicable capital requirements and it is determined by the FDIC that such activities or investments do not pose a significant risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund. Interstate Banking and Branching. Federal law permits well capitalized and well managed holding companies to acquire banks in any state, subject to Federal Reserve Board approval, certain concentration limits and other specified conditions. Interstate mergers of banks are also authorized, subject to regulatory approval and other specified conditions. In addition, among other things, recent amendments made by the Dodd-Frank Act permit banks to establish de novo branches on an interstate basis provided that branching is authorized by the law of the host state for the banks chartered by that state. Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action. Federal bank regulatory authorities are required to take prompt corrective action with respect to institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, the statute establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. Under the regulations, a bank is deemed to be: (i) well capitalized if it has total risk-based capital of 10.0 or more, has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or more, has a Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 5.0 or more and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or more, and is not subject to any written capital order or directive; (ii) adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or more, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or more, a Tier 1 leveraged capital ratio of 4.0 or more and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or more, and does not meet the definition of well capitalized (iii) undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 leverage capital ratio that is less than 4.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 ; (iv) significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 6.0 and a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 4.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 ; or (v) critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . The previously referenced final rule establishing an elective community bank leverage ratio regulatory capital framework provides that a qualifying institution whose capital exceeds the community bank leverage ratio and opts to use that framework will be considered well capitalized for purposes of prompt corrective action. At December 31, 2022, Presence Bank had a community bank leverage ratio of 10.00 which exceeded the requirement of 9.0 for 2022. Accordingly, Presence Bank was considered well capitalized for regulatory capital purposes as of December 31, 2022. Federal law and regulations also specify circumstances under which a federal banking agency may reclassify a well-capitalized institution as adequately capitalized and may require an institution classified as less than well capitalized to comply with supervisory actions as if it were in the next lower category (except that the FDIC may not reclassify a significantly undercapitalized institution as critically undercapitalized). The FDIC may order savings banks that have insufficient capital to take corrective actions. For example, a savings bank that is categorized as undercapitalized is subject to growth limitations and is required to submit a capital restoration plan, and a holding company that controls such a savings bank is required to guarantee that the savings bank complies with the restoration plan. A significantly undercapitalized savings bank may be subject to additional restrictions. Savings banks deemed by the FDIC to be critically undercapitalized would be subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator. Transactions with Affiliates and Regulation W of the Federal Reserve Regulations. Transactions between banks and their affiliates are governed by federal law. An affiliate of a bank is any company or entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the bank. In a holding company context, the parent bank holding company and any 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 companies which are controlled by such parent holding company are affiliates of the bank (although subsidiaries of the bank itself, except financial subsidiaries, are generally not considered affiliates). Generally, Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve Board s Regulation W limit the extent to which a bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10.0 of such institution s capital stock and surplus, and with all such transactions with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20.0 of such institution s capital stock and surplus. Section 23B applies to covered transactions as well as to certain other transactions and requires that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable, to the institution or subsidiary as those provided to a non-affiliate. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans to, purchase of assets from, and issuance of a guarantee to an affiliate, and other similar transactions. Section 23B transactions also include the provision of services and the sale of assets by a bank to an affiliate. In addition, loans or other extensions of credit by the financial institution to the affiliate are required to be collateralized in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act. Sections 22(h) and (g) of the Federal Reserve Act place restrictions on loans to a bank s insiders, i.e., executive officers, directors and principal stockholders. Under Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act, loans to a director, an executive officer and to a greater than 10.0 stockholder of a financial institution, and certain affiliated interests of these persons, together with all other outstanding loans to such person and affiliated interests, may not exceed specified limits. Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act also requires that loans to directors, executive officers and principal stockholders be made on terms substantially the same as offered in comparable transactions to other persons and also requires prior board approval for certain loans. In addition, the aggregate amount of extensions of credit by a financial institution to insiders cannot exceed the institution s unimpaired capital and surplus. Section 22(g) of the Federal Reserve Act places additional restrictions on loans to executive officers. Enforcement. The FDIC has extensive enforcement authority over insured state savings banks, including Presence Bank. The enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist orders and remove directors and officers. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated in response to violations of laws and regulations, breaches of fiduciary duty and unsafe or unsound practices. Federal Insurance of Deposit Accounts. Presence Bank is a member of the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered by the FDIC. Presence Bank s deposit accounts are insured by the FDIC, generally up to a maximum of 250,000 per depositor. The FDIC imposes deposit insurance assessments against all insured depository institutions. An institution s assessment rate depends upon the perceived risk of the institution to the Deposit Insurance Fund, with institutions deemed less risky paying lower rates. Currently, assessments for institutions of less than 10 billion of total assets are based on financial measures and supervisory ratings derived from statistical models estimating the probability of failure within three years. Assessment rates (inclusive of possible adjustments) currently range from 1.5 to 30 basis points of each institution s total assets less tangible capital. The FDIC may increase or decrease the range of assessments uniformly, except that no adjustment can deviate more than two basis points from the base assessment rate without notice and comment rulemaking. The FDIC issued a final rule in October 2022 to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rates by 2 basis points beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. As a result, effective January 1, 2023, assessment rates for institutions of the Bank s size will range from three and a half to 32 basis points. The FDIC has the authority to increase insurance assessments. A significant increase in insurance premiums would have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of Presence Bank. We cannot predict what deposit insurance assessment rates will be in the future. Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. We do not know of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of deposit insurance at Presence Bank. Privacy Regulations. Federal regulations generally require that Presence Bank disclose its privacy policy, including identifying with whom it shares a customer s non-public personal information, to customers at the time of establishing 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 the customer relationship and annually thereafter. In addition, Presence Bank is required to provide its customers with the ability to opt-out of having their personal information shared with unaffiliated third parties and not to disclose account numbers or access codes to non-affiliated third parties for marketing purposes. Presence Bank currently has a privacy protection policy in place and believes that such policy is in compliance with the regulations. Community Reinvestment Act. Under the Community Reinvestment Act, or CRA, as implemented by federal regulations, a state member bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with its safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the CRA. The CRA does require the FDIC, in connection with its examination of a state savings bank, to assess the institution s record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such institution, including applications to acquire branches and other financial institutions. The CRA requires a written evaluation of an institution s CRA performance utilizing a four-tiered descriptive rating system. Presence Bank s latest federal CRA rating was Satisfactory. USA Patriot Act. Presence Bank is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act, which gives federal agencies additional powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing, and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. The USA PATRIOT Act contains provisions intended to encourage information sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies. Further, certain provisions impose affirmative obligations on a broad range of financial institutions, including banks, thrifts, brokers, dealers, credit unions, money transfer agents, and parties registered under the Commodity Exchange Act. Other Regulations Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by Presence Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. Loan operations are also subject to state and federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; and Rules and regulations of the various federal and state agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal and state laws. 
 The deposit operations of Presence Bank also are subject to, among others, the: Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; and 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System Presence Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The Federal Home Loan Bank provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. Members of the Federal Home Loan Bank are required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank. Presence Bank was in compliance with this requirement at December 31, 2022. Based on redemption provisions of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, the stock has no quoted market value and is carried at cost. Presence Bank reviews for impairment, based on the ultimate recoverability, the cost basis of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh stock. As of December 31, 2022, no impairment has been recognized. Holding Company Regulation General . PB Bankshares is a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. As such, PB Bankshares is registered with the Federal Reserve Board and is subject to the regulation, examination, supervision and reporting requirements applicable to bank holding companies. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has enforcement authority over PB Bankshares and its non-savings institution subsidiaries. Among other things, this authority permits the Federal Reserve Board to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined to be a serious risk to the subsidiary savings institution. Permissible Activities. A bank holding company is generally prohibited from engaging in non-banking activities, or acquiring direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting securities of any company engaged in non-banking activities. One of the principal exceptions to this prohibition is for activities found by the Federal Reserve Board to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Some of the principal activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined by regulation to be so closely related to banking are: (i) making or servicing loans; (ii) performing certain data processing services; (iii) providing discount brokerage services; (iv) acting as fiduciary, investment or financial advisor; (v) leasing personal or real property; (vi) making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare; and (vii) acquiring a savings and loan association whose direct and indirect activities are limited to those permitted for bank holding companies. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 authorized a bank holding company that meets specified conditions, including being well capitalized and well managed, to opt to become a financial holding company and thereby engage in a broader array of financial activities than previously permitted. Such activities can include insurance underwriting and investment banking. A financial holding company may engage in a broader array of financial activities than permitted a typical bank holding company. Such activities can include insurance underwriting and investment banking. As of December 31, 2022, PB Bankshares has not elected financial holding company status. Capital. Bank holding companies are subject to consolidated regulatory capital requirements, which have historically been similar to, though less stringent than, those of the FDIC for Presence Bank. Federal legislation, however, required the Federal Reserve Board to promulgate consolidated capital requirements for depository institution holding companies that are no less stringent, both quantitatively and in terms of components of capital, than those applicable to institutions themselves. As a result, consolidated regulatory capital requirements identical to those applicable to the subsidiary banks generally apply to bank holding companies. However, the Federal Reserve Board has provided a Small Bank Holding Company exception to its consolidated capital requirements, and subsequent legislation and the related issuance of regulations by the Federal Reserve Board have increased the threshold for the exception to 3.0 billion of consolidated assets. Consequently, bank holding companies with less than 3.0 billion of consolidated assets are not subject to the consolidated holding company capital requirements unless otherwise directed by the Federal Reserve Board. Source of Strength. The Federal Reserve Board has issued regulations requiring that all bank holding companies serve as a source of strength to their subsidiary depository institutions by providing financial, managerial and other support in times of an institution s distress. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Dividends and Stock Repurchases. The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends by holding companies. In general, the policy provides that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall supervisory financial condition. Separate regulatory guidance provides for prior consultation with Federal Reserve Bank staff concerning dividends in certain circumstances such as where the company s net income for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid over that period, is insufficient to fully fund the dividend or the company s overall rate or earnings retention is inconsistent with the company s capital needs and overall financial condition. The ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary savings bank becomes undercapitalized. The regulatory guidance also states that a bank holding company should consult with Federal Reserve Bank supervisory staff prior to redeeming or repurchasing common stock or perpetual preferred stock if the bank holding company is experiencing financial weaknesses or the repurchase or redemption would result in a net reduction, at the end of a quarter, in the amount of such equity instruments outstanding compared with the beginning of the quarter in which the redemption or repurchase occurred. There is a separate requirement that a bank holding company give the Federal Reserve Board prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of then outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of the company s consolidated net worth. The Federal Reserve Board may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve Board order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve Board. There is an exception to this approval requirement for well-capitalized bank holding companies that meet certain other conditions. These regulatory policies may affect the ability of PB Bankshares to pay dividends, repurchase shares of common stock or otherwise engage in capital distributions. Federal Securities Laws PB Bankshares common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. PB Bankshares is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The registration under the Securities Act of 1933 of shares of common stock issued in PB Bankshares s public offering does not cover the resale of those shares. Shares of common stock purchased by persons who are not affiliates of PB Bankshares may be resold without registration. Shares purchased by an affiliate of PB Bankshares is subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933. If PB Bankshares meets the current public information requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, each affiliate of PB Bankshares that complies with the other conditions of Rule 144, including those that require the affiliate s sale to be aggregated with those of other persons, would be able to sell in the public market, without registration, a number of shares not to exceed, in any three-month period, the greater of 1 of the outstanding shares of PB Bankshares, or the average weekly volume of trading in the shares during the preceding four calendar weeks. In the future, PB Bankshares may permit affiliates to have their shares registered for sale under the Securities Act of 1933. Emerging Growth Company Status The JOBS Act, which was enacted in 2012, has made numerous changes to the federal securities laws to facilitate access to capital markets. Under the JOBS Act, a company with total annual gross revenues of less than 1.23 billion during its most recently completed fiscal year qualifies as an emerging growth company. We qualify as an emerging growth company and believe that we will continue to qualify as an emerging growth company for five years from the completion of the initial stock offering. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 An emerging growth company may choose not to hold stockholder votes to approve annual executive compensation (more frequently referred to as say-on-pay votes) or executive compensation payable in connection with a merger (more frequently referred to as say-on-golden parachute votes). An emerging growth company also is not subject to the requirement that its auditors attest to the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting, and can provide scaled disclosure regarding executive compensation; however, PB Bankshares will also not be subject to the auditor attestation requirement or additional executive compensation disclosure so long as it remains a non-accelerated filer and a smaller reporting company, respectively, under Securities and Exchange Commission regulations (generally less than 75 million and 250 million, respectively, of voting and non-voting equity held by non-affiliates or less than 100.0 million in annual revenue). Finally, an emerging growth company may elect to comply with new or amended accounting pronouncements in the same manner as a private company, but must make such election when the company is first required to file a registration statement. PB Bankshares has elected to comply with new or amended accounting pronouncements in the same manner as a private company. A company loses emerging growth company status on the earlier of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year of the company during which it had total annual gross revenues of 1.23 billion or more; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the company pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933; (iii) the date on which such company has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.23 billion in non-convertible debt; or (iv) the date on which such company is deemed to be a large accelerated filer under Securities and Exchange Commission regulations (generally, at least 700 million of voting and non-voting equity held by non-affiliates). Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is intended to improve corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities laws. We have policies, procedures and systems designed to comply with these regulations, and we review and document such policies, procedures and systems to ensure continued compliance with these regulations. Change in Control Regulations Under the Change in Bank Control Act, no person may acquire control of a bank holding company such as PB Bankshares unless the Federal Reserve Board has been given 60 days prior written notice and has not issued a notice disapproving the proposed acquisition, taking into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer and the competitive effects of the acquisition. Control, as defined under federal law, means ownership, control of or holding irrevocable proxies representing more than 25 of any class of voting stock, control in any manner of the election of a majority of the institution s directors, or a determination by the regulator that the acquiror has the power, directly or indirectly, to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of the institution. Acquisition of more than 10 of any class of a bank holding company s voting stock constitutes a rebuttable determination of control under the regulations under certain circumstances including where, as is the case with PB Bankshares, the issuer has registered securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition, federal regulations provide that no company may acquire control of a bank holding company without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. Any company that acquires such control becomes a bank holding company subject to registration, examination and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. In March 2020, the Federal Reserve Board adopted a final rule, effective September 30, 2020, that revises its framework for determining whether a company has a controlling influence over a bank holding company for that purpose. TAXATION Federal Taxation General. PB Bankshares and Presence Bank are subject to federal income taxation in the same general manner as other corporations, with some exceptions discussed below. The following discussion of federal taxation is intended only to 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 summarize material federal income tax matters and is not a comprehensive description of the tax rules applicable to PB Bankshares and Presence Bank. Method of Accounting. For federal income tax purposes, Presence Bank currently reports its income and expenses on the accrual method of accounting and uses a tax year ending December 31 for filing its federal income tax returns. PB Bankshares and Presence Bank will file a consolidated federal income tax return. The Small Business Protection Act of 1996 eliminated the use of the mutual savings bank bad debt reserve method of calculating the tax return bad debt deduction. For taxable years beginning after 1995, Presence Bank has been subject to the same bad debt reserve rules as commercial banks. It currently utilizes the specific charge-off method under Section 582(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. Minimum Tax. For tax years beginning before 2018, the Internal Revenue Code imposed an alternative minimum tax AMT at a rate of 20 on a base of regular taxable income plus certain tax preferences, less an exemption amount, referred to as alternative minimum taxable income. The alternative minimum tax is payable to the extent tax computed this way exceeds tax computed by applying the regular tax rates to regular taxable income. Net operating losses can, in general, offset no more than 90 of alternative minimum taxable income. Prior payments of alternative minimum tax create AMT credits that may be used to offset as credits against regular tax liabilities in future years. In addition, these AMT credits are refundable for any taxable year beginning after 2018 and before 2022 in an amount equal to 50 (100 in the case of taxable years beginning in 2021) of the excess of the minimum tax credit for the taxable year over the amount of the credit allowable for the year against regular tax liability. As of December 31, 2022, Presence Bank does not have any minimum tax credit carryforward to utilize in the future. Net Operating Loss Carryovers. For losses originated in taxable years beginning before 2019, a financial institution may generally carry back federal net operating losses to the preceding two taxable years and forward to the succeeding 20 taxable years. At December 31, 2022, Presence Bank had no federal net operating loss carryforwards. Capital Loss Carryovers. A corporation cannot recognize capital losses in excess of capital gains generated. Generally, a financial institution may carry back capital losses to the preceding three taxable years and forward to the succeeding five taxable years. Any capital loss carryback or carryover is treated as a short-term capital loss for the year to which it is carried. As such, it is grouped with any other capital losses for the year to which it is carried and is used to offset any capital gains. Any unutilized loss carryforward remaining after the five-year carryover period is not deductible. At December 31, 2022, Presence Bank had no capital loss carryovers. Corporate Dividends. PB Bankshares may generally exclude from its income 100 of dividends received from Presence Bank as a member of the same affiliated group of corporations. Audit of Tax Returns. Presence Bank s income tax returns have not been audited in the past five years. State Taxation Presence Bank currently files Pennsylvania Bank and Trust Company Shares Tax Report. Generally, the capital of stock institutions in Pennsylvania, which is calculated based on generally accepted accounting principles, subject to certain adjustments, is subject to Pennsylvania tax. Presence Bank had approximately 12.0 million of Pennsylvania state tax net operating loss carryforwards at December 31, 2022. As a Maryland business corporation, PB Bankshares is required to file an annual report with and pay franchise taxes to the state of Maryland. Item 1A. Risk Factors Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. Item 2. Properties As of December 31, 2022, the net book value of our office properties (including leasehold improvements) was 1.1 million. The following table sets forth information regarding our offices. 

Location Leased or Owner Year Acquired or Leased Net Book Value of Real Property Main Office: Coatesville Leased 2022 Other Properties: New Holland (1) Owned 1995 517,000 Oxford (1) Owned 1996 138,000 Christiana (1) Owned 2005 487,000 Harrisburg (2) Leased 2021 Elizabethtown (2) Leased 2021 (1) Branch location. (2) Loan production office. Item 3. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we are a party to various litigation matters incidental to the conduct of our business. As of December 31, 2022, we do not believe that any currently pending legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The common stock of PB Bankshares, Inc. has been listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol PBBK since July 14, 2021. At March 27, 2023, PB Bankshares, Inc. had approximately 146 stockholders of record. PB Bankshares has never paid dividends on its common stock. PB Bankshares may pay dividends on its common stock if, after giving effect to such dividends, it would be able to pay its debts in the usual course of business and its total assets would exceed the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 needed to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose preferential rights on dissolution are superior to those receiving the dividends. However, even if PB Bankshares s assets are less than the amount necessary to satisfy the requirement set forth above, PB Bankshares may pay dividends from: its net earnings for the fiscal year in which the distribution is made; its net earnings for the preceding fiscal year; or the sum of its net earnings for the preceding eight fiscal quarters. The holders of common stock of PB Bankshares will be entitled to receive and share equally in dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. We are also subject to certain restrictions on the payment of cash dividends as a result of banking laws, regulations and policies. The FRB has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends by bank holding companies. In general, the FRB s policy provides that dividends should be paid only to the extent that the company s net income for the past two years is sufficient to fund the dividends and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The FRB has the authority to prohibit a bank holding company from paying dividends if such payment is deemed to be an unsafe or unsound practice. PB Bankshares is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiary, Presence Bank. There are various legal and regulatory restrictions on the extent to which Presence Bank can, among other things, finance or otherwise supply funds to PB Bankshares. Specifically, dividends from Presence Bank are the principal source of PB Bankshares s cash funds and there are certain legal restrictions under Pennsylvania law and regulations on the payment of dividends by state-chartered banks. The Pennsylvania Department of Banking, the FDIC and the Federal Reserve Board also have authority to prohibit PB Bankshares and Presence Bank from engaging in certain practices deemed to be unsafe and unsound. The payment of dividends could, depending upon the condition of PB Bankshares and Presence Bank, be deemed to constitute an unsafe and unsound practice. The Pennsylvania Banking Code regulates the distribution of dividends by banks and states, in part, that dividends may be declared and paid only out of accumulated net earnings. In addition, we may not declare and pay dividends from the surplus funds that Pennsylvania law requires that we maintain. Each year we will be required to set aside as surplus funds a sum equal to not less than 10 of our net earnings until the surplus funds equal 100 of our capital stock. We may invest surplus funds in the same manner as deposits, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, dividends may not be declared or paid if a bank is in default in payment of any assessment due to the FDIC. The following table reports information regarding repurchases by the Company of its common stock in each month of the quarter ended December 31, 2022: Total Number of Shares Maximum Purchased as Number of Part of Shares that Publicly May Yet Be Total Number Average Price Announced Purchased of Shares Paid Per Plans or Under Plans or Period Purchased Share Programs Programs (1) October 1 through October 31, 2022 November 1 through November 30, 2022 2,500 12.65 40,289 237,436 December 1 through December 31, 2022 Total 2,500 12.65 40,289 237,436 
 (1) On August 5, 2022, the Company announced it adopted a stock repurchase program. The stock repurchase program authorizes the Company to repurchase up to an aggregate of 277,725 shares, or approximately 10 of its then outstanding shares. The repurchase program permits shares to be repurchased in open market or private transactions, through block trades, and pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The repurchase program will expire on August 1, 2023, unless extended by the Board of Directors. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Reserved. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This discussion and analysis reflects our financial information and other relevant statistical data, and is intended to enhance your understanding of our financial condition and results of operations. The information in this section has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements, which appear beginning on page 48 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should read the information in this section in conjunction with the business and financial information regarding the Company provided in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview Our business has traditionally focused on originating fixed-rate one- to four-family residential real estate loans and offering retail deposit accounts. In September 2019, we hired our current president and chief executive officer, Janak M. Amin, and under his leadership team we have begun the process of developing a commercial lending infrastructure, with a particular focus on expanding our commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loan portfolios to diversify our balance sheet, improve our interest rate risk exposure and increase interest income. Our primary market area now consists of Chester and Lancaster Counties and the surrounding Pennsylvania counties of Cumberland, Dauphin, and Lebanon. Management has also emphasized the importance of attracting commercial deposit accounts from its customers. As a result of these initiatives, we were able to increase our consolidated assets by 71.6 million, or 22.7 , from 314.9 million at December 31, 2021 to 386.6 million at December 31, 2022 and increase our deposits 38.4 million, or 15.3 , from 251.1 million at December 31, 2021 to 289.5 million at December 31, 2022. Our results of operations depend primarily on our net interest income and, to a lesser extent, noninterest income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning assets, consisting primarily of loans, debt securities and other interest-earning assets (primarily cash and cash equivalents), and the interest we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, consisting primarily of savings accounts, demand accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit and borrowings. Noninterest income consists primarily of gain on sale of premises and equipment, debit card income, service charges on deposit accounts, earnings on bank owned life insurance, other service charges and other income. Our results of operations also are affected by our provision for loan losses and noninterest expense. Noninterest expense consists primarily of salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment, data and item processing costs, advertising and marketing, professional fees, directors fees, FDIC insurance premiums, Pennsylvania shares tax, debit card expenses, and other expenses. Our results of operations also may be affected significantly by general and local economic and competitive conditions, changes in market interest rates, government policies and actions of regulatory authorities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 2.1 million compared to a net income of 785,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The year over year increase in earnings of 1.3 million was attributable to increases in net interest income and noninterest income partially offset by increases in the provision for loan losses, noninterest expense and income tax expense. Net interest income increased 3.0 million due to the increase in interest income on loans as we increased our commercial lending and rising rates increased our yields on cash and securities. We had a 821,000 gain on sale of the land and building of our corporate headquarters and branch location in Coatesville, Pennsylvania. We are leasing back a portion of the building to use for corporate offices and to maintain a branch location. Business Strategy Our business strategy is to operate as a well-capitalized and profitable community bank dedicated to providing personal service to our individual and business customers. We believe that we have a competitive advantage in the markets we serve because of our over 100-year history in the community, and our knowledge of the local marketplace. Our culture is 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 anchored in a philosophy that puts our employees, customers and communities at the forefront of everything we do. We are proud of our diverse and experienced team of employees and strive to be the most loved bank that allows families, customers and our communities to prosper. The following are the key elements of our business strategy: Grow our loan portfolio with a focus on increasing commercial real estate and commercial and industrial lending . Our principal business activity historically has been the origination of residential mortgage loans for retention in our loan portfolio. In September 2019, we hired our current president and chief executive officer, Janak M. Amin, and under his leadership team we have begun the process of developing a commercial lending infrastructure, with a particular focus on expanding our commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loan portfolios to diversify our balance sheet. Our commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loan portfolios increased from 130.1 million, or 51.4 of total loans at December 31, 2021, to 167.5 million, or 54.8 of total loans at December 31, 2022. We view the growth of commercial lending as a means of increasing our interest income and fee income while establishing relationships with local businesses. We intend to continue to build relationships with small and medium-sized businesses in our market area, targeting locally owned family businesses and not-for-profit organizations. During 2021, we opened two loan production offices in Harrisburg and Elizabethtown, Pennsylvania, and we expect to hire additional relationship-based loan officers to increase our presence in our market area. Beginning in 2021, Presence Bank was qualified by the SBA to participate in the PPP loan program and management originated approximately 6.0 million of PPP loans in the first half of 2021. We believe all of these actions have properly positioned our institution to achieve prudent, organic and consistent growth in the future. The capital we raised in our initial public offering supported an increase in our lending limits, which enables us to expand existing customer relationships as well as provide capacity for new customers. Strategically Grow our Balance Sheet . As a result of our efforts to build our management team and infrastructure and given our long-time presence in our market area, we believe we are well positioned to increase, on a managed basis, our assets and liabilities, particularly loans and deposits. Presence Bank increased its gross loans and deposits 52.8 million, or 20.9 , and 38.4 million, or 15.3 , respectively, during 2022. We underwent a significant rebranding effort and have updated and improved our website, Internet and mobile banking and other technology infrastructure that prioritizes the customer experience and moves away from the traditional branch model. We also believe we can capitalize on commercial deposit and personal banking relationships derived from an increase in commercial real estate and commercial and industrial lending. Based on our attractive market area and our strategic investment in technology to enhance the customer experience, we believe we are well-positioned to strategically grow our balance sheet. Increase our share of lower-cost core deposits . We are making a concerted effort to reduce our reliance on higher cost certificates of deposit in favor of obtaining lower cost retail and commercial deposit accounts. Increasing our core deposits will provide a stable source of funds to support loan growth at costs consistent with improving our net interest rate spread and margin. We consider our core deposits to include demand deposit (checking), money market and savings accounts. During 2022, management continued an initiative which incentivized our commercial relationship officers to increase transaction accounts with our existing commercial customers. Our core deposits increased 2.2 million, or 1.2 , to 176.4 million at December 31, 2022 from 174.2 million at December 31, 2021. We have also made significant investments in our technology-based products. For example, we have enhanced our suite of deposit related products, including remote deposit capture, commercial cash management and mobile deposits in order to accommodate business customers and a new Internet banking platform to create long-lasting retail deposits. We plan to continue to aggressively market our core transaction accounts, emphasizing our high-quality service and competitive pricing of these products while also making further investments in technology so that we can continue to deliver high-quality, innovative products and services to our customers. Organically grow through loan production offices and through opportunistic bank or branch acquisitions. As a result of our new executive management team and increased relationship-based personnel, we expect to grow organically. In 2021, we opened two loan production offices in Harrisburg (Dauphin County, Pennsylvania) and Elizabethtown (Lancaster County, Pennsylvania). We expect to establish one to two additional loan production offices to support lending teams in our core markets such as Chester and Lancaster Counties, Pennsylvania in future years. We believe opening loan production offices is a more cost-effective method to expansion which can lead to the establishment of branch offices in the future if market conditions warrant. In addition to this organic growth, we will also consider acquisition opportunities of other financial institutions or specific branches of financial institutions that we believe would enhance the value of our franchise and yield potential financial benefits for our stockholders. We will seek to 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 expand our presence in Chester, Lancaster, Dauphin, Lebanon and Cumberland Counties, Pennsylvania. However, we currently have no understandings or agreements with respect to acquiring any financial institutions or branch acquisitions. Manage credit risk to maintain a low level of non-performing assets. We believe strong asset quality is a key to our long-term financial success. Our strategy for credit risk management focuses on having an experienced team of credit professionals, well-defined policies and procedures, conservative loan underwriting criteria and active credit monitoring. In 2022, we hired our Chief Risk and Credit Officer, who has over 35 years of industry experience. Our Chief Risk and Credit Officer is working diligently to enhance the processes of our current team with his vast knowledge and experience. Our nonperforming assets to total assets ratio was 0.27 at December 31, 2022, compared to 0.52 at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the majority of our nonperforming assets were related to commercial and one- to four-family residential real estate loans. We will continue to increase our investment in our credit review function, both in experienced personnel as well as ancillary systems, as necessary, in order to be able to evaluate more complex loans and better manage credit risk, which will also support our intended loan growth. Critical Accounting Estimates The discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of income and expenses. The estimates and assumptions that we use are based on historical experience and various other factors and are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, resulting in a change that could have a material impact on the carrying value of our assets and liabilities and our results of operations. The following represents our critical accounting estimates: Allowance for loan losses. The allowance for loan losses represents management s estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date and is recorded as a reduction to loans. The allowance for loan losses is increased by the provision for loan losses, and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for loan losses, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. All, or part, of the principal balance of a loan receivable is charged off to the allowance as soon as it is determined that the repayment of all, or part, of the principal balance is highly unlikely. Because all identified losses are immediately charged off, no portion of the allowance for loan losses is restricted to any individual loan or groups of loans, and the entire allowance is available to absorb any and all loan losses. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated. Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is based on our past loan loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. The allowance consists of specific, general and unallocated components. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. The general component covers pools of loans by loan class including construction and commercial loans not considered impaired, as well as smaller balance homogeneous loans, such as residential mortgages and consumer loans. These pools of loans are evaluated for loss exposure based upon historical loss rates for each of these categories of loans, adjusted for qualitative factors. These qualitative risk factors include: (1) lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards and collection, charge-off, and recovery practices; (2) national, regional, and local economic and business conditions as well as the condition of various market segments, including the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans; 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 (3) nature and volume of the portfolio and terms of loans; (4) volume and severity of past due, classified and nonaccrual loans as well as loan modifications; (5) existence and effect of any concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations; (6) effect of external factors, such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements; (7) experience, ability, and depth of lending department management and other relevant staff; (8) quality of loan review and board of director oversight; and (9) change in the inflationary environment. Each factor is assigned a value to reflect improving, stable or declining conditions based on management s best judgment using relevant information available at the time of the evaluation. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we increased certain of our qualitative loan portfolio risk factors relating to local and national economic conditions as well as industry conditions and concentrations in 2020, which have experienced deterioration due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 factors remain in place as of December 31, 2022. During 2022, the Bank added a change in the inflationary environment factor due to the rapid increase in Federal Funds rates during 2022. The qualitative factors for lending policies and procedures and existence and effect of any concentrations of credit had overall upgrades during 2022. An unallocated component of the allowance for loan losses is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio. Although we believe that we use the best information available to establish the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the evaluation. In addition, the FDIC and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses, and as a result of such reviews, we may have to adjust our allowance for loan losses. However, regulatory agencies are not directly involved in establishing the allowance for loan losses as the process is our responsibility and any increase or decrease in the allowance is the responsibility of management. A large loss could deplete the allowance and require increased provisions to replenish the allowance, which would adversely affect earnings. See Note 1 and Note 3 of the notes to the financial statements of the Company. Deferred Tax Assets. We make estimates and judgments to calculate some of our tax liabilities and determine the recoverability of some of our deferred tax assets, which arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expenses. We also estimate a reserve for deferred tax assets if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. These estimates and judgments are inherently subjective. Historically, our estimates and judgments to calculate our deferred tax accounts have not required significant revision. In evaluating our ability to recover deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results and our forecast of future taxable income. In determining future taxable income, we make assumptions for the amount of taxable income, the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies, these assumptions require us to make judgments about future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage our business. Any reduction in estimated future taxable income may require us to record a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. An increase in the valuation allowance would result in additional income tax expense in the period and could have a significant impact on our future earnings. Realization of a deferred tax asset requires us to exercise significant judgment and is inherently uncertain because it requires the prediction of future occurrences. Valuation allowances are provided to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. In evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, we must estimate our taxable income in future years and the impact of tax planning strategies. If we were to determine that we would not be able to realize a portion of our net deferred tax asset in the future for which there is no valuation allowance, an adjustment to the net deferred tax asset would be charged to earnings in the period such determination was made. Conversely, if we were to make a determination that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets for which we had established a valuation allowance would be realized, the related valuation allowance would be reduced and a benefit to earnings would be recorded. See Note 1 and Note 8 of the notes to the financial statements of the Company. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Estimation of Fair Values. Fair values for securities available-for-sale are obtained from an independent third-party pricing service. Where available, fair values are based on quoted prices on a nationally recognized securities exchange. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using quoted market prices for similar benchmark securities. Management generally makes no adjustments to the fair value quotes provided by the pricing source. The fair values of foreclosed real estate and the underlying collateral value of impaired loans are typically determined based on evaluations by third parties, less estimated costs to sell. When necessary, appraisals are updated to reflect changes in market conditions. See Note 1 and Note 15 of the notes to the financial statements of the Company. Comparison of Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Total Assets. Total assets increased 71.6 million, or 22.7 , to 386.5 million at December 31, 2022 from 314.9 million at December 31, 2021, primarily reflecting an increase in net loans receivable and securities available-for-sale, partially offset by a decrease in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents decreased by 9.7 million, or 36.0 , to 17.2 million at December 31, 2022 from 26.9 million at December 31, 2021 due to investing in short term treasury securities with excess liquidity at December 31, 2022. Net loans receivable increased 51.7 million, or 20.7 , to 300.9 million at December 31, 2022 from 249.2 million at December 31, 2021 primarily due to increases in commercial real estate, construction real estate and commercial and industrial loans, with the Company having growth in all portfolio segments. Commercial real estate loans increased 30.3 million, or 25.6 , to 148.6 million at December 31, 2022 from 118.3 million at December 31, 2021. Construction real estate loans increased 6.7 million, or 48.4 , to 20.4 million at December 31, 2022 from 13.8 million at December 31, 2021. Commercial and industrial loans increased 6.0 million, or 50.5 , to 17.9 million at December 31, 2022 from 11.9 million at December 31, 2021. One- to four-family residential real estate loans increased 4.4 million, or 4.1 , to 110.4 million at December 31, 2022 from 106.0 million at December 31, 2021. Consumer and other loans increased 5.2 million, or 170.0 , to 8.2 million at December 31, 2022 from 3.0 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in commercial real estate, construction real estate and commercial and industrial loans was primarily due to our strategy to expand our commercial loan portfolio to diversify our balance sheet. Debt securities available-for-sale increased 26.4 million, or 102.9 , to 52.0 million at December 31, 2022 from 25.6 million at December 31, 2021 due to a strategy of investing in short-term treasury securities with excess liquidity. The Company had purchases of 39.7 million of treasury securities partially offset by maturities and calls of securities of 10.0 million combined with 1.4 million of principal repayments on mortgage-backed securities, a decrease in the fair market value of debt securities available-for-sale of 2.1 million due to the increase in market interest rates during 2022 and 147,000 in net accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums. The remaining weighted average life of our debt securities available for sale portfolio is 1.39 years at December 31, 2022. Premises and equipment decreased by 256,000, or 13.1 , to 1.7 million at December 31, 2022 from 1.9 million at December 31, 2021, primarily due to depreciation and amortization of fixed assets of 225,000. Bank owned life insurance increased by 174,000, or 2.4 , to 7.5 million at December 31, 2022 from 7.3 million at December 31, 2021, primarily due to the earnings on existing policies. Restricted stock increased by 1.4 million, or 154.6 , to 2.3 million at December 31, 2022 from 884,000 at December 31, 2021 due to additional Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh stock acquired in conjunction with increased borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh during 2022. Deposits and Borrowings. Total deposits increased 38.4 million, or 15.3 , to 289.5 million at December 31, 2022 from 251.1 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in our deposits reflected a 36.2 million increase in certificates of deposits, a 6.2 million increase in noninterest-bearing demand accounts, a 2.7 million increase in interest-bearing demand accounts and a 646,000 increase in savings accounts, partially offset by a 7.5 million decrease in money 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 market accounts. The increase in certificates of deposit was due to multiple promotional specials throughout 2022 to reduce interest rate risk as rates rose. Demand and savings accounts increases primarily reflected deposit customers from commercial accounts and offering cash management services. The money market decrease was the result of customers needing their liquidity for business needs. Total borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh increased 31.0 million, or 185.6 , to 47.6 million at December 31, 2022 from 16.7 million at December 31, 2021 due to 40.1 million in advances of borrowings, partially offset by 9.1 million of repayments on maturing and amortizing advances. Stockholders Equity. Stockholders equity increased 153,000, or 0.3 , to 46.0 million at December 31, 2022 from 45.8 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was due to net income of 2.1 million for 2022 and allocation of 145,000 of Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the ESOP shares, partially offset by an increase of 1.7 million in accumulated other comprehensive loss as a result of a decrease in the fair market value of our debt securities available-for-sale during 2022 and a decrease of 455,000 in additional paid in capital for repurchases of common stock. The repurchase of common stock was partially offset by stock-based compensation expense and ESOP shares released for allocation. Comparison of Operating Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 General. Net income increased 1.3 million to net income of 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 785,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 1.3 million year over year increase in earnings was attributable to a 3.0 million increase in net interest income and a 627,000 increase in noninterest income, partially offset by a 1.0 million increase in noninterest expense, a 913,000 increase in the provision for loan losses and a 361,000 increase in income tax expense. Interest Income. Total interest income increased 3.8 million, or 37.4 , to 13.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 10.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest income resulted from a 73.0 million increase year over year in the average balance of interest-earning assets, primarily in loans, debt securities available-for-sale and restricted stocks and by a 35 basis points increase in the average yield on interest-earning assets from 3.44 for 2021 to 3.79 for 2022, partially offset by a decrease in the average balance of cash and cash equivalents. Interest income on loans, including fees, increased 3.1 million, or 32.0 , to 12.8 million for 2022, reflecting an increase in the average balance of loans to 289.3 million for 2022 from 219.1 million for 2021. The increase in the average balance of loans was due primarily to increases in the average balances of commercial real estate, construction real estate and commercial and industrial loans reflecting our strategy to grow commercial lending, with the Company having growth in all portfolio segments. The average yield on loans remained consistent at 4.42 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest income included 28,000 and 266,000 of PPP loan income from deferred interest and fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest income on securities and restricted stock increased 162,000, or 49.4 , to 490,000 for 2022 from 328,000 for 2021. The increase in interest income on debt and equity securities available-for-sale of 120,000, or 42.3 , to 404,000 for 2022 from 284,000 for 2021 was due to an increase in the average balance of debt and equity securities available-for-sale of 6.3 million, or 22.4 , to 34.7 million in 2022 from 28.4 million in 2021 and a 16 basis points increase in the average yield on debt and equity securities available-for-sale to 1.16 in 2022 from 1.00 in 2021. The increase in the average balance of debt and equity securities available-for-sale was due to purchases of short-term, less than one year maturity dates, treasury securities with our excess liquidity during 2022. The average yield on debt and equity securities available-for-sale increased due to investing in higher yielding short-term treasury securities in 2022. Restricted stocks income was also included in the interest income on securities. Restricted stock income increased 42,000, or 95.5 , to 86,000 for 2022 from 44,000 for 2021 due to an increase in the average balance of restricted stocks of 962,000, or 106.5 , to 1.9 million for 2022 from 903,000 for 2021, partially offset by a 29 basis points decrease in the average yield on restricted stocks to 4.60 for 2022 from 4.89 for 2021. The decrease in average yield on restricted stock was due to the Federal Home Loan Bank dividend being paid in arrears and the average balance increasing. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Interest income on cash and cash equivalents increased 492,000, to 529,000 in 2022, from 37,000 in 2021. The increase in interest income on cash and cash equivalents was attributable to an increase in the average yield on cash and cash equivalents by 125 basis points to 1.33 for 2022 from 0.08 for 2021 as a result of the increase in market interest rates during 2022, partially offset by a decrease in the average balance of cash and cash equivalents of 4.5 million, or 10.2 , to 39.6 million in 2022 from 44.1 million in 2021 due to investing excess liquidity in short-term treasury securities available-for-sale. Interest Expense. Interest expense increased 758,000, or 34.5 , to 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of increases in interest expense on borrowings and deposits. The increase in interest expense reflected a 61.2 million increase in the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities to 301.2 million for 2022 from 240.0 million for 2021 and a seven basis points increase in the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities from 0.91 for 2021 to 0.98 for 2022. Interest expense on deposits increased 275,000, or 15.5 , to 2.1 million for 2022 from 1.8 million for 2021 as a result of an increase of 39.3 million in the average balance of our interest-bearing deposits, partially offset by a two basis points decrease in the average cost of interest-bearing deposits. The average balance of interest-bearing transaction accounts (traditionally our lower costing deposit accounts consisting of demand, savings, and money market accounts) increased 26.1 million to 167.8 million for 2022 from 141.7 million for 2021. The increase in the average balance of our transaction accounts primarily reflected deposit customers increasing cash balances as a result of management s focus on increasing the commercial deposit accounts of its customers and cash management services. The increase in the average balance of certificates of deposits which increased by 13.2 million to 94.5 million for 2022 from 81.3 million for 2021 was due to offering higher average rates as compared to other financial institutions in our market area. The weighted average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits decreased two basis points to 0.78 for 2022 from 0.80 for 2021 as a result of certificates of deposit issued upon the maturing of existing certificates of deposit at a lower cost, partially offset by the increase in market rates of interest as we increased rates on savings, money market, and demand deposit accounts. The average cost of certificates of deposit, traditionally our higher costing deposits, decreased to 1.42 for 2022 from 1.55 for 2021 while the average cost of transaction accounts increased by six basis points to 0.42 for 2022 from 0.36 for 2021. Interest expense on Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings increased 483,000, or 114.5 , to 905,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 422,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest expense on Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings was caused by a 21.9 million increase in our average balance of Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings to 38.9 million for 2022 compared to 17.0 million for 2021 as a result of using Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings to fund loan growth, partially offset by a decrease in the average cost of these funds of 14 basis points from 2.44 in 2021 to 2.30 in 2022 as higher cost borrowings matured during 2022. Net Interest Income. Net interest income increased 3.0 million, or 38.2 , to 10.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 7.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net interest income from 2021 to 2022 was primarily due to the increase in interest income on loans, cash and cash equivalents and investment securities, partially offset by increases in interest expense on borrowings and deposits. Average net interest-earning assets increased by 11.8 million to 64.2 million for 2022 from 52.4 million for 2021. Our net interest margin increased 28 basis points to 2.97 for 2022 from 2.69 for 2021. Our net interest rate spread increased 28 basis points to 2.81 for 2022 from 2.53 for 2021. Provision for Loan Losses. We establish provisions for loan losses which are charged to operations in order to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level we consider necessary to absorb credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio that are both probable and reasonably estimable at the consolidated balance sheet date. In determining the level of the allowance for loan losses, we consider our past loan loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions, and the levels of non-performing and other classified loans. The amount of the allowance is based on estimates and the ultimate losses may vary from such estimates as more information becomes available or conditions change. We assess the allowance for loan losses on a quarterly basis and make provisions for loan losses in order to maintain the allowance. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Based on our evaluation of the above factors, we recorded a 1.2 million provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a 287,000 provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the provision for loan losses was primarily due to loan growth during 2022 and an increase in qualitative factors for the addition of change in the inflationary environment qualitative factor due to the rapid increase in the Federal Fund rate during 2022. In 2022, there was one significant partial charge-off of 351,000 to a commercial and industrial loan and that charge-off increased the qualitative factors for delinquencies for the commercial and industrial portfolio segment. The allowance for loan losses was 3.9 million, or 1.31 , of loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 compared to 3.1 million, or 1.24 , of loans outstanding at December 31, 2021. To the best of our knowledge, we have recorded all loan losses that are both probable and reasonable to estimate at December 31, 2022. However, future changes in the factors described above, including, but not limited to, actual loss experience with respect to our loan portfolio, could result in material increases in our provision for loan losses. In addition, the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and the FDIC, as an integral part of their examination process, will periodically review our allowance for loan losses, and as a result of such reviews, we may have to adjust our allowance for loan losses. However, regulatory agencies are not directly involved in establishing the allowance for loan losses as the process is our responsibility and any increase or decrease in the allowance is the responsibility of management. Noninterest Income . Noninterest income information is as follows. 

Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent (Dollars in thousands) Service charges on deposit accounts 185 176 9 5.1 Loss on equity investments (99) (25) (74) 296.0 Bank owned life insurance income 174 174 Debit card income 201 216 (15) (6.9) Other service charges 86 89 (3) (3.4) Gain on sale of premises and equipment 821 5 816 16,320.0 Other income 49 160 (111) (69.4) Total noninterest income 1,417 795 622 78.2 Noninterest income increased by 622,000, or 78.2 , to 1.4 million for 2022 from 795,000 for 2021. The increase in noninterest income resulted primarily from an increase in gain on sale of premises and equipment, partially offset by a decrease in other income and an increase in the loss on equity investments. The gain on sale of premises and equipment was 821,000 as a result of the sale leaseback of the Company s corporate headquarters and branch location in Coatesville, Pennsylvania for a sales price of 950,000. Other income decreased 111,000 primarily related to the income from the termination of the pension plan in 2021. Loss on equity investments increased 74,000 due to an increase in the unrealized loss on the CRA equity investment during 2022. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Noninterest Expense . Noninterest expense information is as follows. 

Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits 4,285 3,994 291 7.3 Occupancy and equipment 632 573 59 10.3 Data and item processing 1,013 969 44 4.5 Advertising and marketing 145 91 54 59.3 Professional fees 741 484 257 53.1 Directors fees 265 243 22 9.1 FDIC insurance premiums 124 194 (70) (36.1) Pennsylvania shares tax 330 330 Debit card expenses 140 143 (3) (2.1) Other 761 724 37 5.1 Total noninterest expenses 8,436 7,415 1,021 13.8 Noninterest expense increased 1.0 million, or 13.8 , to 8.4 million in 2022 from 7.4 million in 2021. The increase in noninterest expense was primarily the result of increases in Pennsylvania shares tax of 330,000, salaries and employee benefits expense of 291,000 and professional fees of 257,000, partially offset by a decrease in FDIC insurance premiums of 70,000. Pennsylvania shares tax increased 330,000 due to the Bank being subject to the tax as a result of the mutual to stock conversion. Salaries and employee benefits expense increased 291,000 primarily due the hiring of additional staff, annual salary increases, and equity incentive expense starting in the fourth quarter of 2022. Professional fees increased 257,000 as a result of ongoing compliance expense due to becoming an SEC registrant in the third quarter of 2021. FDIC insurance premiums decreased 70,000 primarily due to decreases in the quarterly multiplier when comparing 2022 to 2021. Income Tax Expense . Income tax expense increased 361,000, or 212.4 , to 531,000 for 2022 from 170,000 for 2021. The increase in income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to an increase in income before income taxes. The effective tax rate was 20.1 in 2022 compared to 17.8 in 2021. The increase in the effective tax rate is attributable to an increase in deferred tax assets for 2022. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Average Balances and Yields . The following table sets forth average balance sheets, average yields and costs, and certain other information for the years indicated. No tax-equivalent yield adjustments have been made, as the effects would be immaterial. All average balances are daily average balances. Non-accrual loans were included in the computation of average balances. The yields set forth below include the effect of deferred fees, discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or interest expense. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Average Average Outstanding Average Outstanding Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate Balance Interest Yield/Rate (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans 289,296 12,801 4.42 219,100 9,695 4.42 Debt and equity securities available for sale 34,684 404 1.16 28,339 284 1.00 Restricted stocks 1,865 86 4.60 903 44 4.89 Cash and cash equivalents 39,613 529 1.33 44,098 37 0.08 Total interest-earning assets 365,458 13,820 3.79 292,440 10,060 3.44 Noninterest-earning assets 8,750 8,681 Total assets 374,208 301,121 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand deposits 79,603 249 0.31 71,879 214 0.30 Savings deposits 22,628 79 0.35 20,465 69 0.34 Money market deposits 65,597 377 0.57 49,388 232 0.47 Certificates of deposit 94,501 1,346 1.42 81,277 1,261 1.55 Total interest-bearing deposits 262,329 2,051 0.78 223,009 1,776 0.80 Borrowings 38,894 905 2.30 17,022 422 2.44 Total interest-bearing liabilities 301,223 2,956 0.98 240,031 2,198 0.91 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits (1) 25,837 30,188 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 1,662 823 Total liabilities 328,722 271,042 Stockholders equity 45,486 30,079 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 374,208 301,121 Net interest income 10,864 7,862 Net interest rate spread (2) 2.81 2.53 Net interest-earning assets (3) 64,235 52,409 Net interest margin (4) 2.97 2.69 Average interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 121.32 121.83 

 (1) Includes stock subscription restricted deposits in 2021, whereas interest was calculated by the Company at five basis points and paid by the stock transfer agent. (2) Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average rate of interest-bearing liabilities. (3) Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. (4) Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Rate/Volume Analysis The following table presents the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income for the years indicated. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The net column represents the sum of the prior columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated proportionately, based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. There were no out-of-period items or adjustments required to be excluded from the table below. 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 Increase (Decrease) Due to Total Increase Volume Rate (Decrease) (In thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans 3,106 3,106 Debt and equity securities available for sale 63 57 120 Restricted stocks 47 (5) 42 Cash and cash equivalents (4) 496 492 Total interest-earning assets 3,212 548 3,760 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand deposits 23 12 35 Savings deposits 7 3 10 Money market deposits 76 69 145 Certificates of deposit 205 (120) 85 Total deposits 311 (36) 275 Borrowings 534 (51) 483 Total interest-bearing liabilities 845 (87) 758 Change in net interest income 2,367 635 3,002 Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity Management . Liquidity describes our ability to meet the financial obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Liquidity is primarily needed to meet the borrowing and deposit withdrawal requirements of our customers and to fund current and planned expenditures. Our primary sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and securities, and proceeds from sales, maturities and calls of securities. We also have the ability to borrow from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh. At December 31, 2022, we had the ability to borrow approximately 155.6 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, of which 47.6 million had been advanced in addition to 8.3 million held in reserve to secure two letters of credit to collateralize municipal deposits. Additionally, at December 31, 2022, we had the ability to borrow 7.5 million from the Atlantic Community Bankers Bank and we also have access to 1.8 million through the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia discount window at December 31, 2022. We did not borrow against the credit lines with the Atlantic Community Bankers Bank or the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia during the year ended December 31, 2022. The board of directors is responsible for establishing and monitoring our liquidity targets and strategies in order to ensure that sufficient liquidity exists for meeting the borrowing needs and deposit withdrawals of our customers as well as unanticipated contingencies. We seek to maintain a liquidity ratio of 20.0 or greater. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our liquidity ratio averaged 39.8 . We believe that we had enough sources of liquidity to satisfy our short and long-term liquidity needs as of December 31, 2022. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 We monitor and adjust our investments in liquid assets based upon our assessment of: (1) expected loan demand; (2) expected deposit flows; (3) yields available on cash and cash equivalents and securities; and (4) the objectives of our asset/liability management program. Excess liquid assets are invested generally in cash and cash equivalents and short-and intermediate-term securities. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions, and competition. Our most liquid assets are cash and cash equivalents, which include federal funds sold. The levels of these assets are dependent on our operating, financing, lending and investing activities during any given period. At December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents totaled 17.2 million. Debt securities classified as available-for-sale, which provide additional sources of liquidity, totaled 52.0 million at December 31, 2022. The sale of the debt securities classified as available-for-sale would result in a loss of 1.9 million due to the current unrealized loss position. We are committed to maintaining a strong liquidity position. We monitor our liquidity position on a daily basis. We anticipate that we will have sufficient funds to meet our current funding commitments. Certificates of deposit due within one year of December 31, 2022, totaled 44.2 million, or 39.0 of our certificates of deposit, and 15.3 of total deposits. If these deposits do not remain with us, we will be required to seek other sources of funds, including other deposits and Federal Home Loan Bank advances. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on such deposits or borrowings than we currently pay. We believe, however, based on past experience that a significant portion of such deposits will remain with us. We have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting the interest rates offered. Capital Management. At December 31, 2022, Presence Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements and was considered well capitalized under regulatory guidelines due to its compliance with the Community Bank Leverage ratio. See Regulation and Supervision Federal Bank Regulation Capital Requirements and Note 13 of the Notes to the Financial Statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual Obligations Commitments. As a financial services provider, we routinely are a party to various financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risks, such as commitments to extend credit and unused lines of credit. While these contractual obligations represent our future cash requirements, a significant portion of commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon. Such commitments are subject to the same credit policies and approval process accorded to loans we make. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding commitments to originate loans of 41.2 million, unused lines of credit totaling 11.5 million and 3.0 million in stand-by letters of credit outstanding. We anticipate that we will have sufficient funds available to meet our current lending commitments. Certificates of deposit that are scheduled to mature in less than one year from December 31, 2022 totaled 44.2 million. Management expects that a substantial portion of the maturing certificates of deposit will be renewed. However, if a substantial portion of these deposits is not retained, we may utilize Federal Home Loan Bank advances or raise interest rates on deposits to attract new deposits, which may result in higher levels of interest expense. Contractual Obligations. In the ordinary course of our operations, we enter into certain contractual obligations. Such obligations include data processing services, operating leases for equipment, agreements with respect to borrowed funds and deposit liabilities. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Please refer to Note 1 to the Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 beginning on page 53 for a description of recent accounting pronouncements that may affect our balance sheet and results of operations. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices The financial statements and related data presented herein have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, which require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The primary impact of inflation on our operations is reflected in increased operating costs. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all of the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates generally have a more significant impact on a financial institution s performance than does inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk A smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information related to this item. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data PB Bankshares, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold Interest bearing deposits with banks Cash and cash equivalents Debt securities available-for-sale, at fair value Equity securities, at fair value Restricted stocks, at cost Loans receivable, net of allowance for loan losses of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 Premises and equipment, net Deferred income taxes, net Accrued interest receivable Bank owned life insurance Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Liabilities Deposits Borrowings Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies - see note 8 Stockholders Equity Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized; - - issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Common Stock, par value, shares authorized; (including restricted shares) and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Unearned ESOP shares, shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 PB Bankshares, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Income (in thousands, except per share data) 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Interest and Dividend Income Loans, including fees Securities Other Total Interest and Dividend Income Interest Expense Deposits Borrowings Total Interest Expense Net interest income Provision for Loan Losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses Noninterest Income Service charges on deposit accounts Loss on equity investments ) ) Bank owned life insurance income Debit card income Other service charges Gain on sale of premises and equipment Other income Total Noninterest Income Noninterest Expenses Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data and item processing Advertising and marketing Professional fees Directors fees FDIC insurance premiums Pennsylvania shares tax Debit card expenses Other Total Noninterest Expenses Income before income tax expense Income Tax Expense Net Income Earnings per common share - basic and diluted See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 PB Bankshares, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (in thousands) 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net Income Other Comprehensive Loss Unrealized losses on debt securities available-for-sale: Unrealized holding losses arising during period ) ) Tax effect ) ) Defined benefit plan: Net gain arising during the period Tax effect ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Comprehensive Income See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 PB Bankshares, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (in thousands) 

Accumulated Additional Unearned Other Common Paid-In Retained ESOP Comprehensive Stock Capital Earnings Shares Income (Loss) Total Balance, January 1, 2021 Net income Common stock issued shares Unearned ESOP shares, shares ) ) ESOP shares released for allocation, shares Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Repurchased common stock, shares ) ) ) ESOP shares released for allocation, shares Stock based compensation expense Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 PB Bankshares, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Provision for loan losses Depreciation and amortization Gain on disposal of premises and equipment ) ) Net accretion of securities premiums and discounts ) ) Deferred income tax benefit ) ) Loss on equity securities Deferred loan fees, net Earnings on bank owned life insurance ) ) ESOP allocation of shares Stock-based compensation expense Increase in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) Increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Activity in debt securities available-for-sale: Purchases ) ) Maturities, calls, and principal repayments Dividends on equity securities reinvested ) ) Purchase of additional Bank owned life insurance ) (Purchase) redemption of restricted stocks ) Net increase in loans receivable ) ) Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Net increase in deposits Issuance of common stock Repurchased common stock ) Purchase of ESOP shares ) Advances of borrowings Repayments of borrowings ) ) Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period Supplementary Cash Flows Information Interest paid Income taxes paid Supplementary Non-Cash Flows Information Unrealized loss on securities available-for-sale ) ) Lease liabilities arising from right-to-use assets ) Pension adjustment See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 other branches located in New Holland, Oxford, and Georgetown Pennsylvania. The Bank is principally engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public and using these deposits, together with borrowings and other funds, to make loans primarily secured by real estate and, to a lesser extent, consumer loans. The Bank competes with other banking and financial institutions in its primary market communities encompassing Chester, Cumberland, Dauphin, Lancaster, and Lebanon Counties in Pennsylvania. The Bank is regulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities (the PADOB ). 
 53 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 investment securities classified as held to maturity. Securities that will be held for indefinite periods of time, including securities that may be sold in response to changes in market interest or prepayment rates, needs for liquidity and changes in the availability of and the yield of alternative investments are classified as available-for-sale. These securities are carried at fair value, which is determined by obtaining quoted market prices or matrix pricing. Unrealized gains and losses are excluded from earnings and are reported in other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes. Realized gains and losses are recorded on the trade date and are determined using the specific identification method. Premiums are amortized and discounts are accreted using a method which approximates the interest method through call date or maturity of the underlying security. Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment OTTI on at least an annual basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Declines in fair value of securities below their cost that are deemed to be other-than-temporary are separated into (a) the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to a decrease in cash flows expected to be collected from the debt security (the credit loss) and (b) the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to all other factors. The amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to the credit loss is recognized in earnings. The amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to all other factors is recognized in other comprehensive loss. In estimating other-than-temporary impairment losses, management considers (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and (3) whether or not management intends to sell or expects that it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security prior to any anticipated recovery in fair value. Equity Securities Equity securities are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value reported in net income. Equity securities without readily determined fair values are carried at cost, minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment. and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and Atlantic Community Bankers Bank ACBB of as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 54 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 impairment charge is necessary related to restricted stocks in 2022 and 2021. 
 55 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 56 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 and vary in terms. Residential mortgages are secured by the borrower s residential real estate in either a first or second lien position. Residential mortgages have varying loan rates depending on the financial condition of the borrower and the loan to value ratio. Residential mortgages have amortizations up to . Other types of consumer loans include installment loans and overdraft lines of credit. The majority of these loans are unsecured. An unallocated component of the allowance for loan losses is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio. 
 57 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 58 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 write-downs recorded during 2022 or 2021. Gains and losses on the sale of OREO are included in noninterest expense. 
 59 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 60 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 61 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 62 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 at the date of adoption, January 1, 2022, which are related to the Company s lease of premises and equipment used in operations. ) Treasury securities ) Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Total available-for-sale debt securities ) Equity securities: Mutual funds (fixed income) 

Gross Unrealized Gross Unrealized December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Gains Losses Fair Value Debt securities: Agency bonds ) Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Total available-for-sale debt securities ) Equity securities: Mutual funds (fixed income) ) ) Treasury securities ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 63 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) ) ) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations included in the securities portfolio consist of securities issued by U.S. government sponsored agencies. There were private label mortgage-backed securities held in the securities portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022, agency bonds had an unrealized loss with depreciation of from the Company s cost basis, treasury securities had an unrealized loss with depreciation of and collateralized mortgage obligation had an unrealized loss with depreciation of from the Company s cost basis. At December 31, 2021, agency bonds had an unrealized loss with depreciation of from the Company s cost basis and collateralized mortgage obligation had an unrealized loss with depreciation of from the Company s cost basis. In analyzing an issuer s financial condition, management considers whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred and industry analysts reports. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, management believes that the estimated fair value of securities disclosed above is primarily dependent upon the movement in market interest rates particularly given the negligible inherent credit risk associated with these securities. Although the fair value will fluctuate as the market interest rates move, management believes that these fair values will recover as the underlying portfolios mature and are reinvested in market yielding investments. As the Company does not intend to sell these securities and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider these securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were securities sold during 2022 and 2021. The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities available-for-sale at December 31, 2022, by contractual maturity with yields, are shown below. Due one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had securities with a fair value totaling and , respectively, pledged to secure borrowings. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had securities with a fair value totaling and , respectively, pledged primarily for public fund depositors. 
 64 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial Consumer and other Deferred loan fees, net ) ) Allowance for loan losses ) ) More than one to five years More than five to 15 years More than 15 years Total Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial Consumer and other Total loans 
 65 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Additions Repayments ) ) Reclassification Balance, end of year ) Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial ) Consumer and other ) Unallocated ) 

Loans Receivable Ending Ending Balance: Balance: Individually Collectively Evaluated Evaluated Ending for for Balance Impairment Impairment Real estate: One- to four-family residential Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial Consumer and other 
 66 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 ) Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial Consumer and other ) Unallocated ) 

Loans Receivable Ending Ending Balance: Balance: Individually Collectively Evaluated Evaluated Ending for for Balance Impairment Impairment Real estate: One- to four-family residential Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial Consumer and other 
 67 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial With an allowance recorded: Real estate: One- to four-family residential Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial Total: Real estate: One- to four-family residential Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial The following table summarizes information in regard to impaired loans by loan portfolio class as of December 31, 2021 and for the year then ended (in thousands): 

Unpaid Average Interest Recorded Principal Related Recorded Income Investment Balance Allowance Investment Recognized With no related allowance recorded: Real estate: One- to four-family residential Commercial Construction With an allowance recorded: Real estate: One- to four-family residential Commercial Construction Total: Real estate: One- to four-family residential Commercial Construction 
 68 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial If the nonaccrual loans were performing under the original contractual rate, interest income on such loans would have increased approximately and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table presents the net charge-offs to average loans outstanding during the years ended December 31: Consumer and other The following table presents key credit ratios and the components used in the calculations: Gross total loans Allowance for loan losses Total non-accrual loans to total loans Allowance to non-accrual loans Allowance to total loans outstanding at the end of the period 
 69 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial Consumer and other The following table presents the classes of the loan portfolio summarized by the aggregate pass rating and the classified ratings of special mention, substandard and doubtful within the Company s internal risk rating system as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Real estate: One- to four-family residential Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial Consumer and other Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial Consumer and other 
 70 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Commercial Construction Commercial and industrial Consumer and other The Company may grant a concession or modification for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial condition that it would not otherwise consider resulting in a modified loan which is then identified as a troubled debt restructuring TDR ). The Company may modify loans through rate reductions, extensions of maturity, interest only payments, or payment modifications to better match the timing of cash flows due under the modified terms with the cash flows from the borrowers operations. Loan modifications are intended to minimize the economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of the collateral. The Company identifies loans for potential restructure primarily through direct communication with the borrower and evaluation of the borrower s financial statements, revenue projections, tax returns, and credit reports. Even if the borrower is not presently in default, management will consider the likelihood that cash flow shortages, adverse economic conditions, and negative trends may result in a payment default in the near future. loans were modified during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 which met the definition of a troubled debt restructuring. After a loan is determined to be a troubled debt restructuring, we continue to track its performance under the most recent restructured terms. commercial loan for and and construction loan for and were troubled debt restructurings completed in prior years are in default for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Total troubled debt restructurings were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was other real estate owned. There was of real estate in process of foreclosure as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 71 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Building and improvements - Furniture and equipment - Work in process Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense charged to operations amounted to approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. at the date of adoption, which are related to the Company s lease of premises and equipment used in operations. Lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments and are presented at each reporting date as the net present value of the remaining contractual cash flows. Cash flows are discounted at the Company s incremental borrowing rate in effect at the commencement date of the lease. Right-of-use assets represent the Company s right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and are calculated as the sum of the lease liability and if applicable prepaid rent, initial direct costs and any incentives received from the lessor. Lease agreements are classified as operating leases. Certain of these leases offer the option to extend the lease term and the Company has included such extensions in its calculation of the lease liabilities to the extent the options are reasonably assured of being exercised. The lease agreements do not provide for residual value guarantees and have no restrictions or covenants that would impact dividends or require incurring additional financial obligations. During 2022, the Company entered into a sales-leaseback transaction when the Bank s corporate headquarters and branch location in Coatesville, Pennsylvania was sold for and a portion of the building was leased back to use for corporate offices and maintain a branch location. This transaction created an additional right-to-use asset of from the difference in estimated fair value of the building and sale proceeds. The right-to-use asset will be amortized to noninterest expense over the estimated lease terms. 
 72 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Lease liability Weighted average remaining lease term years Weighted average discount rate Year Ended December 31, 2022 Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease costs Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities A maturity analysis of operating lease liabilities and reconciliation of the undiscounted cash flows to the total of operating lease liabilities is as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Discount Lease Liability Interest-bearing demand deposits Savings deposits Money market deposits Certificates of deposit 
 73 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Certificates of deposit in denomination of or more was approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Currently, amounts above are not insured by the FDIC. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held approximately and , respectively, in brokered deposits. Savings deposits Money market deposits Certificates of deposit Deposits of related parties totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. , which expires on June 30, 2023. Interest on the line of credit is charged at . The Company had outstanding under this line of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition to the unsecured line of credit with ACBB, the Company also has the ability to borrow up to through the Federal Reserve Bank s discount window. Funds obtained through the discount window are secured by the Company s U.S. Government and agency obligations. There were borrowings outstanding through the discount window at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Borrowings maturing in less than a year are considered short term and borrowings maturing in greater than a year are considered long term. 
 74 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 2023 2024 2026 2027 2032 The Company has an open-ended line of credit (short-term borrowing) of to obtain advances from the FHLB. Interest on the line of credit is charged at the FHLB s overnight rate of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company had outstanding under this line of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Maximum borrowing capacity was approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, secured by qualifying loans. The Company has letters of credit with FHLB for at December 31, 2022 and letter of credit with FHLB for at December 31, 2021 that is pledged to secure public funds. Deferred federal tax benefit ) ) Deferred state tax benefit ) ) Change in valuation allowance Net deferred tax benefit ) ) Income Tax Expense 
 75 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 to federal income tax expense (benefit) included in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively are as follows: 

2022 2021 Federal income tax at statutory rate State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) Bank owned life insurance income ) ) Change in valuation allowance Other Deferred loan fees Nonaccrual interest Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities Other State net operating loss carryforwards Gross deferred tax asset Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred loan costs Property and equipment Prepaid expenses Gross deferred tax liabilities Net Deferred Tax Asset The valuation allowance relates to state net operating loss carryforwards for which realization is uncertain. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that, some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management has recorded a valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 for all state net operating loss carryforwards. A valuation allowance of and was recorded at December 31, 2022 and 2021 for state net operating losses. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of 
 76 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 and , respectively, which are available to offset future state taxable income, and began to expire in 2019. These benefits have been fully reserved. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards. Unfunded commitments under lines of credit Standby letters of credit Outstanding loan commitments represent the unused portion of loan commitments available to individuals and companies as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit is based upon management s credit evaluation of the customer. Various types of collateral may be held, including property and marketable securities. The credit risk involved in these financial instruments is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. 
 77 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Interest cost Actuarial gain ) Benefits paid ) Settlements ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets beginning of year Actual return on plan assets Benefits paid ) Settlements ) Contribution Fair value of plan assets at end of year ) Net Periodic Benefit Credit ) Loss during year ) Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit Credit and Other Comprehensive Loss ) Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets Annual salary increase N/A 401(k) Retirement Plan The Company maintains a 401(k) Retirement Plan for eligible employees. The plan provides a matching contribution for all employees. The matching contribution is an amount equal to of the participant s elective contribution not to exceed of the participants plan salary, plus of the participant s contribution that exceeds of their plan salary but not to exceed of their plan salary. With the freezing of the Pension Plan, the Company initiated a 
 78 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deferred Compensation Agreement The Company has an executive deferred compensation plan, whereby each executive officer may voluntarily participate and elect each year to defer a portion or all of their compensation and bonus. The deferrals, along with accumulated earnings, are payable at retirement. The Company accrues the estimated annual cost of the deferred amounts that will be payable at retirement. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accumulated liability was approximately and , respectively, and included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan The Company maintains a supplemental executive retirement plan for certain executives. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accumulated liability was and , respectively, and is included in other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) During 2021, the ESOP borrowed from the Company to purchase shares of stock at an average price of per share. When loan payments are made, ESOP shares are allocated to participants based on relative compensation and expense is recorded. The Company s related expense for the ESOP was in 2022 and 2021. Unearned Total ESOP shares Fair value of unearned shares shares of authorized but unissued common stock of the Company was reserved for future grants of incentive and nonqualified stock options and restricted stock awards and restricted stock units under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. Of the authorized shares, the maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan pursuant to the exercise of stock options is shares, and the maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued as restricted stock awards or restricted stock units is shares. The product of the number of shares granted and the grant date market price of the Company s common stock determine the fair value of restricted stock under the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. Management recognizes compensation expense for the fair value of restricted stock on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future awards under this plan, which 
 79 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 shares available for incentive and non-qualified stock options and shares available for restricted stock awards. The stock options and restricted shares vest over a period. Stock option expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options was . Exercised Forfeited Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 Restricted stock expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the expected future compensation expense relating to non-vested stock outstanding was . Vested Forfeited Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 80 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

To be Well Capitalized under Prompt Corrective Action December 31, 2021 Actual Provisions Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 
 81 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Less: Average unearned ESOP shares ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding (basic) Anti-dilutive stock options, excluded from calculation Weighted average shares outstanding (diluted) Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 82 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 , net of a valuation allowance of . At December 31, 2021, the fair value consists of the recorded investments in the loans of , net of a valuation allowance of . Impaired loans are included in Loans Receivable in the table below. Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments (Disclosed at Cost) Fair values for the Company s off-balance sheet financial instruments (lending commitments and letters of credit) are based on fees currently charged in the market to enter into similar agreements, taking into account, the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties credit standing. The fair values are considered immaterial. 
 83 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Treasury securities Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Mutual funds 

Quoted Prices in Active Significant Markets for Other Significant Identical Observable Unobservable Assets Inputs Inputs December 31, 2021 Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Agency bonds Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Mutual funds 
 84 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Quoted Prices in Active Significant Markets for Other Significant Identical Observable Unobservable Assets Inputs Inputs December 31, 2021 Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Impaired loans Appraisal of collateral Selling expenses and discounts (1) - 

December 31, 2021 Asset Description Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range (Weighted Average) Impaired loans Appraisal of collateral Selling expenses and discounts (1) - 

 (1) Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses. 
 85 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Debt securities - available-for-sale 1 2 Equity securities 1 Restricted stocks 2 Loans, net 3 Accrued interest receivable 1 Bank owned life insurance 2 Financial liabilities: Demand deposits, savings, and money market 1 Certificates of deposit 2 Long-Term borrowings 2 Accrued interest payable 1 
 86 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Debit card income Other service charges Gain on sale of premises and equipment Other noninterest income Noninterest income (in scope for Topic 606) Noninterest income (out of scope for Topic 606) Total noninterest income Contract Balances A contract assets balance occurs when an entity performs a service for a customer before the customer pays consideration (resulting in a contract receivable) or before payment is due (resulting in a contract asset). A contract liability balance is an entity s obligation to transfer a service to a customer for which the entity has already received payment (or payment is due) from the customer. The Company s noninterest revenue streams are largely based on transaction activity, or standard month-end revenue accruals. Consideration is often received immediately or shortly after the Company satisfies its performance obligation and revenue is recognized. The Company does not typically enter into long-term contracts with customers, and therefore, does not experience significant contract balances. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any significant contract balances. Contract Acquisition Costs In connection with the adoption of Topic 606, an entity is required to capitalize, and subsequently amortize as an expense, certain incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if these costs are expected to be recovered. The incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that an entity incurs to obtain a contract with a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained (for example, sales commission). The Company utilizes the practical expedient which allows entities to immediately expense contract acquisition costs when the assets that would have resulted from capitalizing these costs would have been amortized in one year or less. Upon adoption of Topic the Company did not capitalize any contract acquisition cost. 
 87 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Parent Company Balance Sheets As of December 31, ESOP Loan Receivable Investment in subsidary Bank Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Liabilities Due to the Bank Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders Equity Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 88 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Interest on Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Interest Income Noninterest Expense SEC expense Salaries and employee benefits Directors fees Total Noninterest Expense Loss before income tax expense ) ) Equity in Undistributed Income of Subsidiary Income Tax (Benefit) ) ) Net Income 
 89 

Table of Contents PB BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Adjustments to reconcile change in net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary ) ) ESOP allocation of shares Stock option compensation Increase in other assets ) ) (Decrease) increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities ESOP loan ) ESOP loan payments received Investment in subsidiary ) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Repurchased common stock ) Issuance of common stock Purchase of ESOP shares ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities ) (Decrease) Increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors PB Bankshares, Inc. Coatesville, Pennsylvania Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PB Bankshares, Inc. and its subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. March 28, 2023 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures . As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management was required to apply judgment in evaluating its controls and procedures. Based on their evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act )) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations are operating in an effective manner. Management s report on internal control over financial reporting. The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management, Board of Directors and stockholders regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. As part of the Company s program to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 (the Assessment ). In making this Assessment, management used the control criteria framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission published in its report entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Management s Assessment included an evaluation of the design of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Management reviewed the results of its Assessment with the Audit Committee. Based on this Assessment, management determined that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting . There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the independent registered public accounting firm because PB Bankshares, Inc. is an emerging growth company. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code is available on the Company s website at ir.presencebank.com under Governance Documents. The information contained herein will be filed in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information contained herein will be filed in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters (a) Securities Authorized for issuance under Stock-Based Compensation Plans
 
 The following table provides information with respect to the equity securities that are authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Number of Number of Securities Securities to be Remaining Available Issued Upon for Future Issuance Exercise of Weighted-Average Under Equity Outstanding Exercise Price of Compensation Plans Options, Warrants Outstanding Options, (excluding securities and Rights Warrants and Rights reflected in column (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: PB Bankshares, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (1) 266,072 12.28 11,653 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A N/A N/A Total 266,072 12.28 11,653 (1) As of December 31, 2022, 111,090 shares of restricted stock awards had been granted under the PB Bankshares, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and 2,975 shares remain available for future issuance under the plan. The restricted shares will vest over five years. (b) Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners The information contained herein will be filed in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. (c) Security Ownership of Management The information contained herein will be filed in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. (d) Changes in Control Management of the Company knows of no arrangements, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the registrant. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information contained herein will be filed in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information contained herein will be filed in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a)(1) Financial Statements The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (A) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (B) Consolidated Balance Sheets - at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (C) Consolidated Statements of Income - Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (D) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (E) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity - Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (F) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (G) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (H) Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules None. (a)(3) Exhibits documents filed or furnished with this report) 

3.1 Articles of Incorporation of PB Bankshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 333-254209), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2021) 3.2 Bylaws of PB Bankshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 333-254209), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2021) 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate of PB Bankshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 333-254209), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2021) 4.6 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 001-40612) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2022) 10.1 Employment Agreement by and between Presence Bank and Janak M. Amin , effective as of March 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 333-254209), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2021)+ 10.2 Change of Control Agreement by and between Presence Bank and Douglas L. Byers , effective as of March 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 333-254209), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2021)+ 10.3 Change of Control Agreement by and between Presence Bank and Larry Witt , effective as of March 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 333-254209), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2021)+ 10.4 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan with Janak M. Amin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 333-254209), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2021)+ 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 10.5 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan with Douglas L. Byers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 333-254209), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2021)+ 10.6 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan with Larry Witt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 333-254209), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2021)+ 10.7 Presence Bank Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 001-40612) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2022)+ 10.8 PB Bankshares, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 001-40612) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 29, 2022) + 10.9 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 333-268029), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 27, 2022)+ 10.10 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 333-268029), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 27, 2022 )+ 10.11 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 333-268029), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 27, 2022)+ 10.12 Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2022, by and between Presence Bank and 185 E Lincoln Highway (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 001-40612) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 10, 2022 10.13 Change of Control Agreement by and between Presence Bank and Lindsay Bixler, effective as of September 1, 2021+ 10.14 Change of Control Agreement by and between Presence Bank and William H. Sayre, effective as of June 1, 2022+ 10.15 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan with Lindsay Bixler+ 10.16 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan with William Sayre+ 16 Letter from BDO USA, LLP with respect to change in accountants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of PB Bankshares, Inc. (File No. 333-254209), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2021) 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Yount, Hyde Barbour, P.C. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, formatted in iXBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Condition, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL) + Indicates management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement of the Company. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable . 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 28, 2023. 

PB BANKSHARES, INC.. By: /s/ Janak M. Amin Janak M. Amin President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated: 

Signature Title Date /s/ Janak M. Amin Janak M. Amin President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 28, 2023 /s/ Lindsay S. Bixler Lindsay S. Bixler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 28, 2023 /s/ Joseph W. Carroll Joseph W. Carroll Chairman of the Board March 28, 2023 /s/ Spencer J. Andress Spencer J. Andress Director March 28, 2023 /s/ Larry J. Constable Larry J. Constable Director March 28, 2023 /s/ Bony R. Dawood Bony R. Dawood Director March 28, 2023 /s/ Thomas R. Greenfield Thomas R. Greenfield Director March 28, 2023 /s/ John V. Pinno, III John V. Pinno, III Director March 28, 2023 /s/ Jane B. Tompkins Jane B. Tompkins Director March 28, 2023 /s/ M. Joye Wentz M. Joye Wentz Director March 28, 2023 /s/ R. Cheston Woolard R. Cheston Woolard Director March 28, 2023 
 98 

<EX-10.13>
 2
 pbbk-20221231xex10d13.htm
 EX-10.13

Exhibit 10.13 CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT This Change in Control Agreement (the Agreement is made effective as of the 1 st day of September, 2021 (the Effective Date ), by and between Presence Bank, a Pennsylvania-chartered stock savings bank (the Bank and Lindsay Bixler (the Executive ). Any reference to the Company shall mean PB Bankshares, Inc., the holding company of the Bank. RECITALS WHEREAS , the Executive is currently employed as an executive officer of the Bank; WHEREAS , the Bank desires to assure itself of the Executive s continued active participation in the business of the Bank; and WHEREAS , to induce the Executive to remain in the employ of the Bank and in consideration of the Executive s agreeing to remain in the employ of the Bank, the parties desire to specify the severance benefits due to the Executive in the event his employment with the Bank terminates under specified circumstances. NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, and upon the other terms and conditions hereinafter provided, the parties hereby agree as follows: 1. TERM OF AGREEMENT 
 (a) Term; Renewal of Term . The term of this Agreement will begin as of the Effective Date and will continue for a period of two (2) years (the Term ). Commencing on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and continuing on each subsequent anniversary of the Effective Date (each anniversary referred to as a Renewal Date ), the Term will extend automatically for one additional year, so that the Term will be two (2) years from the applicable Renewal Date, unless either the Bank or the Executive, by written notice to the other given at least thirty (30) days prior to the Renewal Date, notifies the other of its intent not to extend the Term. In the event either party provides notice not to extend the Term, the Term will become fixed and terminate as of the last day of the then current Term. For avoidance of doubt, any extension to the Term will become the new Term for purposes of this Agreement. (b) Change in Control . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank or the Company has entered into an agreement to effect a transaction that would be considered a Change in Control, as defined under Section 2, the Term will extended automatically so that it expires no sooner than two (2) years after the effective date of the Change in Control. 2. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 (a) Base Salary . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Base Salary means the annual rate of base salary paid to the Executive by the Bank. (b) Change in Control . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Change in Control means: (i) a change in the ownership of the Corporation; (ii) a change in the effective control of 
 1 

the Corporation; or (iii) a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Corporation as defined in accordance with Code Section 409A. For purposes of this Section 2(b), the term Corporation means the Bank, the Company or any of their successors, as applicable. (i) A change in the ownership of a Corporation occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v)(B)), acquires ownership of stock of the Corporation that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than fifty (50) percent of the total fair market value or total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Corporation. (ii) A change in the effective control of the Corporation occurs on the date that either (A) any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi)(D)) acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) ownership of stock of the Corporation possessing thirty (30) percent or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Corporation, or (B) a majority of the members of the board of directors is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the board of directors prior to the date of the appointment or election, provided that this subsection (B) is inapplicable where a majority stockholder of the Corporation is another corporation. 
 (iii) A change in a substantial portion of the Corporation s assets occurs on the date that any one person or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii)(C)) acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Corporation that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than forty (40) percent of the total gross fair market value of (A) all of the assets of the Corporation, or (B) the value of the assets being disposed of, either of which is determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 
 For all purposes hereunder, the definition of Change in Control shall be construed to be consistent with the requirements of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5), except to the extent that such regulations are superseded by subsequent guidance. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, a Change in Control will not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of this Agreement in connection with the Bank s mutual-to-stock conversion. (c) Code . Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (d) Good Reason . The term Good Reason means a termination of employment by the Executive at or following a Change in Control if, without the Executive s express written consent, any of the following occurs: 
 2 

(i) a material reduction in the Executive s Base Salary; 
 (ii) a material reduction in the Executive s authority, duties or responsibilities from the position and attributes associated with the Executive s executive position with the Bank in effect as of the Effective Date or any successor executive position, as mutually agreed to by the Bank and the Executive; 
 (iii) the Bank requires the Executive to relocate to any office or location resulting in an increase in the Executive s daily commute of thirty-five (35) miles or more; or 
 (iv) a material breach of this Agreement by the Bank; 
 provided, however, that prior to any termination of employment for Good Reason, the Executive must first provide written notice to the Bank (or its successor) within ninety (90) days following the initial existence of the condition, describing the existence of the condition, and the Bank will thereafter have the right to remedy the condition within thirty (30) days of the date the Bank received the written notice from the Executive. If the Bank remedies the condition within the thirty (30) day cure period, then no Good Reason shall be deemed to exist with respect to that condition. If the Bank does not remedy the condition within the thirty (30) day cure period, then the Executive may deliver a Notice of Termination for Good Reason to the Bank at any time within sixty (60) days following the expiration of the cure period. (e) Termination for Cause and Cause . The terms Termination for Cause and Cause mean termination of the Executive s employment by the Bank because of, in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors, the Executive s: (i) material act of dishonesty or fraud in performing the Executive s duties on behalf of the Bank; 
 (ii) willful misconduct that in the judgment of the Board of Directors will likely cause economic damage to the Bank or injury to the business reputation of the Bank; 
 (iii) breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit; 
 (iv) intentional failure to perform the Executive s stated duties after written notice thereof from the Board of Directors; 
 (v) willful violation of any law, rule or regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses which results only in a fine or other non-custodial penalty) that reflect adversely on the reputation of the Bank; any felony conviction, any violation of law involving moral turpitude, or any violation of a final cease-and-desist order; or any violation of the policies and procedures of the Bank as outlined in the Bank s employee handbook or policies, which would result in the termination of employment of employees 
 
 3 

of the Bank, as from time to time amended and incorporated herein by reference; or (vi) material breach of any provision of this Agreement. 
 3. BENEFITS UPON TERMINATION 
 (a) If, at or subsequent to a Change in Control and during the term of this Agreement, the Bank (or its successor) terminates the Executive s employment other than for Cause, or if the Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason (collectively, a Qualifying Termination Event ), then the Bank will pay the Executive, or the Executive s estate in the event of the Executive s subsequent death prior to receiving the payment due, the following: (i) a cash lump sum payment in an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of the Executive s: (A) Base Salary (or the Executive s Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, if higher); and (B) the highest annual cash bonus earned by the Executive for the calendar year in which the change in control occurs or for the three (3) most recently completed calendar years prior to the Change Control, payable within thirty (30) days following the Executive s Date of Termination; and 
 (ii) provided the Executive has elected continued health care coverage in accordance with the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA ), twelve (12) consecutive monthly cash payments (commencing within the first month following the Executive s Date of Termination and continuing until the 12 th month following the Executive s Date of Termination), each equal to the monthly COBRA premium in effect as of the Executive s Date of Termination for the level of coverage in effect for the Executive and the Executive s dependents under the Bank s (or any successor s) group health plan. 
 4. NOTICE; EFFECTIVE DATE OF TERMINATION 
 Any purported termination of employment by the Bank or by the Executive in connection with or following a Change in Control shall be communicated by a Notice of Termination to the other party hereto in accordance with Section 15. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice that indicates the Date of Termination and, in the event of termination by the Executive, the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive s employment under the provision so indicated. The Date of Termination means termination of the Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement, which will be effective on the earliest of: (i) immediately upon notice to the Executive of the Executive s termination of employment for Cause; (ii) within thirty (30) days, as specified by the Bank, after the Bank gives notice to the Executive of the Executive s termination without Cause; or (iii) thirty (30) days after the Executive gives written notice to the Bank of the Executive s resignation from employment for Good Reason, provided that the Bank may set an earlier 
 4 

termination date at any time prior to that date, in which case the Executive s resignation will be effective as of the date set by the Bank. 5. SOURCE OF PAYMENTS 
 All payments provided in this Agreement shall be timely paid in cash or check from the general funds of the Bank (or any successor of the Bank). 6. NO ATTACHMENT 
 Except as required by law, no right to receive payments under this Agreement shall be subject to anticipation, commutation, alienation, sale, assignment, encumbrance, charge, pledge, or hypothecation, or to execution, attachment, levy, or similar process or assignment by operation of law, and any attempt, voluntary or involuntary, to effect any such action shall be null, void, and of no effect. 7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
 (a) This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes any prior agreement between the Bank and the Executive, except that this Agreement shall not affect or operate to reduce any benefit or compensation inuring to the Executive of a kind elsewhere provided. No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted to mean that the Executive is subject to receiving fewer benefits than those available to the Executive without reference to this Agreement. (b) This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto. (c) No term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been waived, nor shall there be any estoppel against the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement, except by written instrument of the party charged with the waiver or estoppel. No such written waiver shall be deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall not constitute a waiver of the term or condition for the future or as to any act other than that specifically waived. 8. SEVERABILITY 
 If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be void or unenforceable, then the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. 9. GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania but only to the extent not superseded by federal law. 
 5 

10. ARBITRATION 
 (a) Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement will be settled exclusively by binding arbitration, as an alternative to civil litigation and without any trial by jury to resolve such claims, conducted by a single arbitrator, mutually acceptable to the Bank and the Executive, sitting in a location selected by the Bank within 50 miles from the main office of the Bank, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association s National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes then in effect. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator s award in any court having jurisdiction. (b) If the occurrence of a Qualifying Termination Event is disputed by the Bank, and if it is determined in arbitration that the Executive is entitled to the compensation under Section 3 of this Agreement, the payment of the compensation by the Bank will commence immediately following the date of resolution by arbitration, with interest due to the Executive on the cash amount that was not paid pending arbitration (at the prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal from time to time), and the Executive will be entitled to reimbursement of legal fees and expenses incurred by the Executive in arbitration (upon provision to the Bank of a detailed invoice with respect to such time and expenses). 11. OBLIGATIONS OF BANK 
 The termination of the Executive s employment, other than a Qualifying Termination Event, will not result in any obligation of the Bank (or any affiliate of the Bank, including the Company) under this Agreement. 12. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS 
 The Bank shall require any successor or assignee, whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, to all or substantially all the business or assets of the Bank, expressly and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform the Bank s obligations under this Agreement, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Bank would be required to perform if no such succession or assignment had taken place. 13. TAX WITHHOLDING. 
 The Bank may withhold from any amounts payable to the Executive hereunder all federal, state, local or other taxes that the Bank may reasonably determine are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation (it being understood that the Executive is responsible for payment of all taxes in respect of the payments and benefits provided herein). 14. APPLICABLE LAW 
 (a) In no event will the Bank (or any affiliate) be obligated to make any payment pursuant to this Agreement that is prohibited by Section 18(k) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (codified at 12 U.S.C. sec. 1828(k)), 12 C.F.R. Part 359, or any other applicable law. (b) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that a payment or benefit described in this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation 
 6 

under Section 409A of the Code, and to the extent that the payment or benefit is payable upon the Executive s termination of employment, then the payments or benefits will be payable only upon the Executive s Separation from Service. For purposes of this Agreement, a Separation from Service will have occurred if the Bank and the Executive reasonably anticipate that either no further services will be performed by the Executive after the Date of Termination (whether as an employee or as an independent contractor) or the level of further services performed is less than fifty (50) percent of the average level of bona fide services in the thirty-six (36) months immediately preceding the termination. For all purposes hereunder, the definition of Separation from Service shall be interpreted consistent with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)(ii). (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive is a Specified Employee (i.e., a key employee of a publicly traded company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder) and any payment under this Agreement is triggered due to the Executive s Separation from Service, then solely to the extent necessary to avoid penalties under Section 409A of the Code, no payment shall be made during the first six (6) months following the Executive s Separation from Service. Rather, any payment that would otherwise be paid to the Executive during that six-month period will be accumulated and paid to the Executive in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh month following the Executive s Separation from Service. All subsequent payments shall be paid in the manner specified in this Agreement. (d) Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 15. NOTICE 
 For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective addresses set forth below or if sent by facsimile or email, on the date it is actually received. To the Bank Prosper Bank, Attn: Corporate Secretary 185 East Lincoln Highway Coatesville, PA 19320 To the Executive: Most recent address on file with the Bank 16. COUNTERPARTS 
 This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts by original signature, facsimile or any generally accepted electronic means (including transmission of a pdf containing executed signature pages), each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which shall constitute one and the same Agreement. [Signature Page Follows] 
 7 

SIGNATURES IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Bank has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer, and the Executive has signed this Agreement, as of the Effective Date specified above. PRESENCE BANK By: /s/ Janak M. Amin EXECUTIVE /s/ Lindsay S. Bixler 
 8 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 pbbk-20221231xex10d14.htm
 EX-10.14

Exhibit 10.14 CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT This Change in Control Agreement (the Agreement is made effective as of the 1 st day of June 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and between Presence Bank, a Pennsylvania-chartered stock savings bank (the Bank and William H. Sayre (the Executive ). Any reference to the Company shall mean PB Bankshares, Inc., the holding company of the Bank. RECITALS WHEREAS , the Executive is currently employed as an executive officer of the Bank; WHEREAS , the Bank desires to assure itself of the Executive s continued active participation in the business of the Bank; and WHEREAS , to induce the Executive to remain in the employ of the Bank and in consideration of the Executive s agreeing to remain in the employ of the Bank, the parties desire to specify the severance benefits due to the Executive in the event his employment with the Bank terminates under specified circumstances. NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, and upon the other terms and conditions hereinafter provided, the parties hereby agree as follows: 1. TERM OF AGREEMENT 
 (a) Term; Renewal of Term . The term of this Agreement will begin as of the Effective Date and will continue for a period of two (2) years (the Term ). Commencing on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and continuing on each subsequent anniversary of the Effective Date (each anniversary referred to as a Renewal Date ), the Term will extend automatically for one additional year, so that the Term will be two (2) years from the applicable Renewal Date, unless either the Bank or the Executive, by written notice to the other given at least thirty (30) days prior to the Renewal Date, notifies the other of its intent not to extend the Term. In the event either party provides notice not to extend the Term, the Term will become fixed and terminate as of the last day of the then current Term. For avoidance of doubt, any extension to the Term will become the new Term for purposes of this Agreement. (b) Change in Control . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank or the Company has entered into an agreement to effect a transaction that would be considered a Change in Control, as defined under Section 2, the Term will extended automatically so that it expires no sooner than two (2) years after the effective date of the Change in Control. 2. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 (a) Base Salary . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Base Salary means the annual rate of base salary paid to the Executive by the Bank. (b) Change in Control . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Change in Control means: (i) a change in the ownership of the Corporation; (ii) a change in the effective control of 
 1 

the Corporation; or (iii) a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Corporation as defined in accordance with Code Section 409A. For purposes of this Section 2(b), the term Corporation means the Bank, the Company or any of their successors, as applicable. (i) A change in the ownership of a Corporation occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v)(B)), acquires ownership of stock of the Corporation that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than fifty (50) percent of the total fair market value or total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Corporation. (ii) A change in the effective control of the Corporation occurs on the date that either (A) any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi)(D)) acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) ownership of stock of the Corporation possessing thirty (30) percent or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Corporation, or (B) a majority of the members of the board of directors is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the board of directors prior to the date of the appointment or election, provided that this subsection (B) is inapplicable where a majority stockholder of the Corporation is another corporation. 
 (iii) A change in a substantial portion of the Corporation s assets occurs on the date that any one person or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii)(C)) acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Corporation that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than forty (40) percent of the total gross fair market value of (A) all of the assets of the Corporation, or (B) the value of the assets being disposed of, either of which is determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 
 For all purposes hereunder, the definition of Change in Control shall be construed to be consistent with the requirements of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5), except to the extent that such regulations are superseded by subsequent guidance. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, a Change in Control will not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of this Agreement in connection with the Bank s mutual-to-stock conversion. (c) Code . Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (d) Good Reason . The term Good Reason means a termination of employment by the Executive at or following a Change in Control if, without the Executive s express written consent, any of the following occurs: 
 2 

(i) a material reduction in the Executive s Base Salary; 
 (ii) a material reduction in the Executive s authority, duties or responsibilities from the position and attributes associated with the Executive s executive position with the Bank in effect as of the Effective Date or any successor executive position, as mutually agreed to by the Bank and the Executive; 
 (iii) the Bank requires the Executive to relocate to any office or location resulting in an increase in the Executive s daily commute of thirty-five (35) miles or more; or 
 (iv) a material breach of this Agreement by the Bank; 
 provided, however, that prior to any termination of employment for Good Reason, the Executive must first provide written notice to the Bank (or its successor) within ninety (90) days following the initial existence of the condition, describing the existence of the condition, and the Bank will thereafter have the right to remedy the condition within thirty (30) days of the date the Bank received the written notice from the Executive. If the Bank remedies the condition within the thirty (30) day cure period, then no Good Reason shall be deemed to exist with respect to that condition. If the Bank does not remedy the condition within the thirty (30) day cure period, then the Executive may deliver a Notice of Termination for Good Reason to the Bank at any time within sixty (60) days following the expiration of the cure period. (e) Termination for Cause and Cause . The terms Termination for Cause and Cause mean termination of the Executive s employment by the Bank because of, in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors, the Executive s: (i) material act of dishonesty or fraud in performing the Executive s duties on behalf of the Bank; 
 (ii) willful misconduct that in the judgment of the Board of Directors will likely cause economic damage to the Bank or injury to the business reputation of the Bank; 
 (iii) breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit; 
 (iv) intentional failure to perform the Executive s stated duties after written notice thereof from the Board of Directors; 
 (v) willful violation of any law, rule or regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses which results only in a fine or other non-custodial penalty) that reflect adversely on the reputation of the Bank; any felony conviction, any violation of law involving moral turpitude, or any violation of a final cease-and-desist order; or any violation of the policies and procedures of the Bank as outlined in the Bank s employee handbook or policies, which would result in the termination of employment of employees 
 
 3 

of the Bank, as from time to time amended and incorporated herein by reference; or (vi) material breach of any provision of this Agreement. 
 3. BENEFITS UPON TERMINATION 
 (a) If, at or subsequent to a Change in Control and during the term of this Agreement, the Bank (or its successor) terminates the Executive s employment other than for Cause, or if the Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason (collectively, a Qualifying Termination Event ), then the Bank will pay the Executive, or the Executive s estate in the event of the Executive s subsequent death prior to receiving the payment due, the following: (i) a cash lump sum payment in an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of the Executive s: (A) Base Salary (or the Executive s Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, if higher); and (B) the highest annual cash bonus earned by the Executive for the calendar year in which the change in control occurs or for the three (3) most recently completed calendar years prior to the Change Control, payable within thirty (30) days following the Executive s Date of Termination; and 
 (ii) provided the Executive has elected continued health care coverage in accordance with the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA ), twelve (12) consecutive monthly cash payments (commencing within the first month following the Executive s Date of Termination and continuing until the 12 th month following the Executive s Date of Termination), each equal to the monthly COBRA premium in effect as of the Executive s Date of Termination for the level of coverage in effect for the Executive and the Executive s dependents under the Bank s (or any successor s) group health plan. 
 4. NOTICE; EFFECTIVE DATE OF TERMINATION 
 Any purported termination of employment by the Bank or by the Executive in connection with or following a Change in Control shall be communicated by a Notice of Termination to the other party hereto in accordance with Section 15. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice that indicates the Date of Termination and, in the event of termination by the Executive, the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive s employment under the provision so indicated. The Date of Termination means termination of the Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement, which will be effective on the earliest of: (i) immediately upon notice to the Executive of the Executive s termination of employment for Cause; (ii) within thirty (30) days, as specified by the Bank, after the Bank gives notice to the Executive of the Executive s termination without Cause; or (iii) thirty (30) days after the Executive gives written notice to the Bank of the Executive s resignation from employment for Good Reason, provided that the Bank may set an earlier 
 4 

termination date at any time prior to that date, in which case the Executive s resignation will be effective as of the date set by the Bank. 5. SOURCE OF PAYMENTS 
 All payments provided in this Agreement shall be timely paid in cash or check from the general funds of the Bank (or any successor of the Bank). 6. NO ATTACHMENT 
 Except as required by law, no right to receive payments under this Agreement shall be subject to anticipation, commutation, alienation, sale, assignment, encumbrance, charge, pledge, or hypothecation, or to execution, attachment, levy, or similar process or assignment by operation of law, and any attempt, voluntary or involuntary, to effect any such action shall be null, void, and of no effect. 7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
 (a) This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes any prior agreement between the Bank and the Executive, except that this Agreement shall not affect or operate to reduce any benefit or compensation inuring to the Executive of a kind elsewhere provided. No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted to mean that the Executive is subject to receiving fewer benefits than those available to the Executive without reference to this Agreement. (b) This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto. (c) No term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been waived, nor shall there be any estoppel against the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement, except by written instrument of the party charged with the waiver or estoppel. No such written waiver shall be deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall not constitute a waiver of the term or condition for the future or as to any act other than that specifically waived. 8. SEVERABILITY 
 If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be void or unenforceable, then the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. 9. GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania but only to the extent not superseded by federal law. 
 5 

10. ARBITRATION 
 (a) Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement will be settled exclusively by binding arbitration, as an alternative to civil litigation and without any trial by jury to resolve such claims, conducted by a single arbitrator, mutually acceptable to the Bank and the Executive, sitting in a location selected by the Bank within 50 miles from the main office of the Bank, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association s National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes then in effect. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator s award in any court having jurisdiction. (b) If the occurrence of a Qualifying Termination Event is disputed by the Bank, and if it is determined in arbitration that the Executive is entitled to the compensation under Section 3 of this Agreement, the payment of the compensation by the Bank will commence immediately following the date of resolution by arbitration, with interest due to the Executive on the cash amount that was not paid pending arbitration (at the prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal from time to time), and the Executive will be entitled to reimbursement of legal fees and expenses incurred by the Executive in arbitration (upon provision to the Bank of a detailed invoice with respect to such time and expenses). 11. OBLIGATIONS OF BANK 
 The termination of the Executive s employment, other than a Qualifying Termination Event, will not result in any obligation of the Bank (or any affiliate of the Bank, including the Company) under this Agreement. 12. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS 
 The Bank shall require any successor or assignee, whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, to all or substantially all the business or assets of the Bank, expressly and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform the Bank s obligations under this Agreement, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Bank would be required to perform if no such succession or assignment had taken place. 13. TAX WITHHOLDING. 
 The Bank may withhold from any amounts payable to the Executive hereunder all federal, state, local or other taxes that the Bank may reasonably determine are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation (it being understood that the Executive is responsible for payment of all taxes in respect of the payments and benefits provided herein). 14. APPLICABLE LAW 
 (a) In no event will the Bank (or any affiliate) be obligated to make any payment pursuant to this Agreement that is prohibited by Section 18(k) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (codified at 12 U.S.C. sec. 1828(k)), 12 C.F.R. Part 359, or any other applicable law. (b) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that a payment or benefit described in this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation 
 6 

under Section 409A of the Code, and to the extent that the payment or benefit is payable upon the Executive s termination of employment, then the payments or benefits will be payable only upon the Executive s Separation from Service. For purposes of this Agreement, a Separation from Service will have occurred if the Bank and the Executive reasonably anticipate that either no further services will be performed by the Executive after the Date of Termination (whether as an employee or as an independent contractor) or the level of further services performed is less than fifty (50) percent of the average level of bona fide services in the thirty-six (36) months immediately preceding the termination. For all purposes hereunder, the definition of Separation from Service shall be interpreted consistent with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)(ii). (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive is a Specified Employee (i.e., a key employee of a publicly traded company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder) and any payment under this Agreement is triggered due to the Executive s Separation from Service, then solely to the extent necessary to avoid penalties under Section 409A of the Code, no payment shall be made during the first six (6) months following the Executive s Separation from Service. Rather, any payment that would otherwise be paid to the Executive during that six-month period will be accumulated and paid to the Executive in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh month following the Executive s Separation from Service. All subsequent payments shall be paid in the manner specified in this Agreement. (d) Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 15. NOTICE 
 For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective addresses set forth below or if sent by facsimile or email, on the date it is actually received. To the Bank Presence Bank, Attn: Corporate Secretary 185 East Lincoln Highway Coatesville, PA 19320 To the Executive: Most recent address on file with the Bank 16. COUNTERPARTS 
 This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts by original signature, facsimile or any generally accepted electronic means (including transmission of a pdf containing executed signature pages), each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which shall constitute one and the same Agreement. [Signature Page Follows] 
 7 

SIGNATURES IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Bank has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer, and the Executive has signed this Agreement, as of the Effective Date specified above. PRESENCE BANK By: /s/ Janak M. Amin EXECUTIVE /s/ William H. Sayre 
 8 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 4
 pbbk-20221231xex10d15.htm
 EX-10.15

SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN THIS SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN (this Agreement ), adopted this 16 day of January, 2023, by and between Presence Bank (the Employer and Lindsay Bixler (the Executive ). WITNESSETH : WHEREAS, the Executive is employed as a senior officer by the Employer; WHEREAS, the Employer recognizes the valuable services the Executive performs for the Employer and wishes to encourage the Executive s continued employment by providing the Executive with additional retirement benefit incentives to further the Employer s corporate objectives; and WHEREAS, the Employer wishes to provide the Executive with additional retirement benefit incentives pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; and WHEREAS, the Employer and the Executive intend that this Agreement providing for supplemental retirement benefits shall at all times be administered and interpreted in compliance with Code Section 409A; and WHEREAS, this Agreement shall at all times be administered and interpreted by the Employer in such a manner as to constitute an unfunded nonqualified deferred compensation arrangement, maintained primarily to provide supplemental retirement benefits for the Executive, as a member of its select group of management or highly compensated employees and this Agreement and the benefits offered hereunder shall be unfunded for purposes of the Code and for purposes of Title I of ERISA. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual promises herein contained, the Employer and the Executive agree as follows: ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS For the purpose of this Agreement, the following phrases or terms shall have the indicated meanings: 1.1 Administrator means the Board or its designee. 
 1.2 Affiliate means any business entity with whom the Employer would be considered a single employer under Section 414(b) and 414(c) of the Code. Such term shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with the definition of service recipient contained in Code Section 409A. 
 1.3 Base Salary means the cash compensation relating to services performed during any Plan Year, excluding bonuses, commissions, distributions from nonqualified 

deferred compensation plan, fringe benefits, incentive payments, non-monetary awards, overtime, relocation expenses, stock options and other fees, and automobile and other allowances paid to the Executive for services rendered (whether or not such allowances are included in the Executive s gross income). Base Salary shall be calculated before reduction for amounts voluntarily deferred or contributed by the Executive pursuant to qualified or non-qualified plans and shall be calculated to include amounts not otherwise included in the Executive s gross income under Code Section 125, 402(e)(3), 402(h), or 403(b) pursuant to plans established by the Employer; provided, however, that all such amounts will be included in compensation only to the extent that had there been no such plan, the amount would have been payable in cash to the Executive. 
 1.4 Beneficiary means the person or persons designated in writing by the Executive to receive benefits hereunder in the event of the Executive s death. 
 1.5 Board means the Board of Trustees or Directors, as applicable, of the Employer. 
 1.6 Cause means any of the following acts or circumstances: fraud in the performance of, or gross negligence or gross neglect of, duties to the Employer; conviction of a felony or of a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, fraud, disloyalty, or dishonesty which brings or would have the likely potential in bringing significant public discredit or significant injury to the Employer s reputation or business; willful violation of any law or significant Employer policy committed in connection with the Executive s employment that warrants termination of employment; if the Executive is subject to a final removal or prohibition order issued pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or by a final order of an appropriate federal or state banking agency; or the occurrence or violation of any applicable provisions or conditions set forth in Sections 9.9 or 9.10 hereto. 
 1.7 Change in Control means a change in the ownership or effective control of the Employer, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Employer, as such change is defined in Code Section 409A and regulations thereunder; provided however, the Employer s conversion from a mutual form of ownership to a stock form of ownership shall not constitute nor be deemed a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement. 
 1.8 Claimant means a person who believes that he or she is being denied a benefit to which he or she is entitled hereunder. 
 1.9 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 1.10 Contribution means the amount the Employer contributes to the Deferral Account, calculated according to the provisions of Article 2. 
 1.11 Crediting Rate means two percent (2 ). 
 1.12 Deferral Account means the Employer s accounting of the accumulated Contributions plus accrued interest. 

1.13 Disability means a condition of the Executive whereby the Executive either: (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Employer. The Administrator will determine whether the Executive has incurred a Disability based on its own good faith determination and may require the Executive to submit to reasonable physical and mental examinations for this purpose. The Executive will also be deemed to have incurred a Disability if determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or in accordance with a disability insurance program, provided that the definition of disability applied under such disability insurance program complies with the initial sentence of this Section. 
 1.14 Early Termination means Separation from Service before Normal Retirement Age excluding a Separation from Service following a Change in Control or resulting from the Executive s termination for Cause. 
 1.15 Effective Date means the adoption date set forth January 1, 2023. 
 1.16 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 1.17 Involuntary Termination means a Separation from Service other than a termination for Cause that is due to the independent exercise of the Employer s unilateral authority to terminate the Executive s services, other than due to the Executive s implicit or explicit request, where the Executive was willing and able to continue performing services. 
 1.18 Normal Retirement Age means the Executive attaining age sixty-five (65). 
 1.19 Plan Year means each twelve (12) month period commencing on January 1 and ending on December 31 of each year. 
 1.20 Separation from Service means a termination of the Executive s employment with the Employer and its Affiliates for reasons other than death, Disability. A Separation from Service may occur as of a specified date for purposes of the Agreement even if the Executive continues to provide some services for the Employer or its Affiliates after that date, provided that the facts and circumstances indicate that the Employer and the Executive reasonably anticipated at that date that either no further services would be performed after that date, or that the level of bona fide services the Executive would perform after such date (whether as an employee or as an independent contractor) would permanently decrease to no more than twenty percent (20 of the average level of bona fide services performed over the immediately preceding thirty-six (36) month period (or the full period during which the Executive performed services for the Employer, if that is less than thirty-six (36) months). A Separation from Service will not be deemed to have occurred while the Executive 

is on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six (6) months or, if longer, the period for which a statute or contract provides the Executive with the right to reemployment with the Employer. If the Executive s leave exceeds six (6) months but the Executive is not entitled to reemployment under a statute or contract, the Executive incurs a Separation from Service on the next day following the expiration of such six (6) month period. In determining whether a Separation from Service occurs the Administrator shall take into account, among other things, the definition of service recipient and employer set forth in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)(3). The Administrator shall have full and final authority, to determine conclusively whether a Separation from Service occurs, and the date of such Separation from Service. 
 1.21 Specified Employee means an individual that satisfies the definition of a key employee of the Employer as such term is defined in Code 416(i) (without regard to Code 416(i)(5)), provided that the stock of the Employer is publicly traded on an established securities market or otherwise, as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.897-1(m). If the Executive is a key employee at any time during the twelve (12) months ending on December 31, the Executive is a Specified Employee for the twelve (12) month period commencing on the first day of the following April. 
 1.22 Year of Service means each twelve (12) consecutive month period of Executive s employment commencing May 10, 2021. 
 
 Article 2 CONTRIBUTIONS 2.1 Initial Contribution. As of the Effective Date, the Employer shall make an initial Contribution to the Deferral Account equal to Twenty-Five Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy-Eight Dollars 25,778), which is fifteen percent (15 of the Executive s Base Salary earned between January 1, 2022 and the Effective Date, plus interest. 2.2 Contributions . After the Effective Date the Employer shall make contributions to the Deferral Account at such frequencies as it determines until the earliest of Normal Retirement Age, Separation from Service, Disability, Change in Control or the Executive s death, equal to fifteen percent (15 of Executive s Base Salary in effect as of the date of the Employer Contribution. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Board may choose to contribute a greater or lesser amount prospectively in its sole discretion. Article 3 DEFERRAL ACCOUNT 3.1 Establishing and Crediting . The Employer shall establish a Deferral Account on its books for the Executive and shall credit to the Deferral Account the following amounts: (a) Any Contributions hereunder; and (b) Interest as follows: on the last day of each month interest shall be credited on the Deferral Account at an annual rate equal to the Crediting Rate, compounded monthly. 

3.2 Recordkeeping Device Only . The Deferral Account is solely a bookkeeping entry and device for measuring amounts to be paid under this Agreement. This Agreement does not establish or create in any manner a trust fund of any kind. 3.3 Vesting. Executive s entitlement to the Deferral Account and all benefits provided under this Agreement shall be subject to Executive s completion of requisite Years of Service for the Employer under the vesting schedule set forth in this Section 3.3. Upon Executive s Early Termination, Executive shall be entitled to the Deferral Account and benefits hereunder based on the vesting schedule set forth in this Section 3.3. Notwithstanding the vesting schedule under this Section 3.3, in the event of a Change in Control or Executive s Separation from Service upon Normal Retirement Age, as a result of Executive s death or Disability or as a result of Executive s Early Termination which constitutes an Involuntary Termination, Executive shall become fully 100 vested in the Deferral Account and benefits provided hereunder. Completion of One Year of Service - 20 Vested Completion of Two Years of Service 40 Vested Completion of Three Years of Service 60 Vested Completion of Four Years of Service 80 Vested Completion of Five Years of Service 100 Vested ARTICLE 4 PAYMENT OF BENEFITS 4.1 Normal Retirement Benefit . Upon the Executive s Separation from Service after attaining Normal Retirement Age, the Employer shall pay the Executive the Deferral Account balance calculated at Separation from Service. Executive s Deferral Account shall be paid in one hundred eighty (180) consecutive monthly installments and shall commence the month following Separation from Service. 4.2 Early Termination Benefit . Upon the Executive s Early Termination, the Employer shall pay the vested portion of the Executive s Deferral Account balance in one hundred eighty (180) consecutive equal monthly installments commencing with the month following Separation from Service. 4.3 Disability Benefit . If the Executive has incurred a Disability p rior to attaining Normal Retirement Age, the Employer shall pay the Executive the Deferral Account balance calculated as of the Executive s Disability. The Executive s Deferral Account shall be paid in one hundred eighty (180) consecutive monthly installments and shall commence with the month following the date of the Executive s Disability. 4.4 Change in Control Benefit . If a Change in Control occurs prior to the Executive having attained Normal Retirement Age, the Employer shall pay the Executive the Deferral Account balance plus an additional amount equal to the total Employer Contributions and Crediting Rate interest made to the Executive s Deferral Account for the twenty-four (24) month period immediately preceding the Change in Control. The Deferral Account under 

this Section 4.4 shall be paid in the form of a lump sum to the Executive on the first day of the thirteenth month following the Change in Control. 4.5 Death Prior to Commencement of Benefit Payments . In the event the Executive dies prior to Separation from Service or Disability , the Employer shall pay the Executive s Beneficiary a death benefit hereunder equal to the Deferral Account balance plus an additional amount equal to Employer Contributions and Crediting Rate interest made to the Executive s Deferral Account for the twenty-four (24) month period immediately preceding the Executive s date of death with such benefit being paid over one hundred eighty (180) months using an annual interest rate equal to two percent (2 compounded monthly. The death benefit shall be paid in one hundred eighty (180) consecutive monthly installments and shall commence the month following the Executive s death. In the event of the Executive s death after a Change in Control but prior to payment of the benefit described in Section 4.4, the benefit to be paid to the Executive s Beneficiary shall be paid in the form otherwise payable to the Executive pursuant to Section 4. 4. 4. 6 Death Subsequent to Commencement of Benefit Payments . In the event the Executive dies while receiving payments, but prior to receiving all payments due and owing hereunder, the Employer shall pay the Beneficiary the same amounts at the same times as the Employer would have paid the Executive, had the Executive survived. 4.7 Termination for Cause . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, if the Employer terminates the Executive s employment for Cause at any time, including a termination of Executive s employment for Cause following the date the Executive shall have attained Normal Retirement Age, the Executive shall forfeit all benefits under this Agreement. 4.8 Restriction on Commencement of Distributions . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive is considered a Specified Employee at the time of Separation from Service, the provisions of this Section shall govern all distributions hereunder. Distributions which would otherwise be made to the Executive due to Separation from Service shall not be made during the first six (6) months following Separation from Service. Rather, any distribution which would otherwise be paid to the Executive during such period shall be accumulated and paid to the Executive in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh month following Separation from Service, or if earlier, upon the Executive s death. All subsequent distributions shall be paid as they would have had this Section not applied. 4.9 Acceleration of Payments . Except as specifically permitted herein, no acceleration of the time or schedule of any payment may be made hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments may be accelerated, in accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(j)(4) in the following circumstances: (i) as a result of certain domestic relations orders; (ii) in compliance with ethics agreements with the federal government; (iii) in compliance with the ethics laws or conflicts of interest laws; (iv) in limited cashouts (but not in excess of the limit under Code 402(g)(1)(B)); (v) to pay 

employment-related taxes; or (vi) to pay any taxes that may become due at any time that the Agreement fails to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A. 4.10 Delays in Payment by Employer . A payment may be delayed to a date after the designated payment date under any of the circumstances described below, and the provision will not fail to meet the requirements of establishing a permissible payment event. The delay in the payment will not constitute a subsequent deferral election, so long as the Employer treats all payments to similarly situated participants on a reasonably consistent basis. (a) Payments that would violate Federal securities laws or other applicable law . A payment may be delayed where the Employer reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will violate Federal securities laws or other applicable law provided that the payment is made at the earliest date at which the Employer reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will not cause such violation. The making of a payment that would cause inclusion in gross income or the application of any penalty provision of the Internal Revenue Code is not treated as a violation of law. (b) Solvency . Notwithstanding the above, a payment may be delayed where the payment would jeopardize the ability of the Employer to continue as a going concern. 4.11 Treatment of Payment as Made on Designated Payment Date . Solely for purposes of determining compliance with Code Section 409A, any payment under this Agreement made after the required payment date shall be deemed made on the required payment date provided that such payment is made by the latest of: (i) the end of the calendar year in which the payment is due; (ii) the 15 th day of the third calendar month following the payment due date; (iii) if Employer cannot calculate the payment amount on account of administrative impracticality which is beyond the Executive s control, the end of the first calendar year which payment calculation is practicable; and (iv) if Employer does not have sufficient funds to make the payment without jeopardizing the Employer s solvency, in the first calendar year in which the Employer s funds are sufficient to make the payment. 4.12 Facility of Payment . If a distribution is to be made to a minor, or to a person who is otherwise incompetent, then the Administrator may make such distribution: (i) to the legal guardian, or if none, to a parent of a minor payee with whom the payee maintains his or her residence; or (ii) to the conservator or administrator or, if none, to the person having custody of an incompetent payee. Any such distribution shall fully discharge the Employer and the Administrator from further liability on account thereof. 4.13 Changes in Form or Timing of Benefit Payments . The Employer and the Executive may, subject to the terms hereof, amend this Agreement to delay the timing or change the form of payments. Any such amendment: (a) must take effect not less than twelve (12) months after the amendment is made; (b) must, for benefits distributable due solely to the arrival of a specified 

date, or on account of Separation from Service or Change in Control, delay the commencement of distributions for a minimum of five (5) years from the date the first distribution was originally scheduled to be made; (c) must, for benefits distributable due solely to the arrival of a specified date, be made not less than twelve (12) months before distribution is scheduled to begin; and (d) may not accelerate the time or schedule of any distribution. Article 5 Beneficiaries 5.1 Designation of Beneficiaries . The Executive may designate any person to receive any benefits payable under the Agreement upon the Executive s death, and the designation may be changed from time to time by the Executive by filing a new designation. Each designation will revoke all prior designations by the Executive, shall be in the form prescribed by the Administrator and shall be effective only when filed in writing with the Administrator during the Executive s lifetime. If the Executive names someone other than the Executive s spouse as a Beneficiary, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, determine that spousal consent is required to be provided in a form designated by the Administrator, executed by the Executive s spouse and returned to the Administrator. The Executive s beneficiary designation shall be deemed automatically revoked if the Beneficiary predeceases the Executive or if the Executive names a spouse as Beneficiary and the marriage is subsequently dissolved. 5.2 Absence of Beneficiary Designation . In the absence of a valid Beneficiary designation, or if, at the time any benefit payment is due to a Beneficiary, there is no living Beneficiary validly named by the Executive, the Employer shall pay the benefit payment to the Executive s spouse. If the spouse is not living then the Employer shall pay the benefit payment to the Executive s living descendants per stirpes , and if there are no living descendants, to the Executive s estate. In determining the existence or identity of anyone entitled to a benefit payment, the Employer may rely conclusively upon information supplied by the Executive s personal representative, executor, or administrator. Article 6 ADMINISTRATION 6.1 Administrator Duties . The Administrator shall be responsible for the management, operation, and administration of the Agreement. When making a determination or calculation, the Administrator shall be entitled to rely on information furnished by the Employer, Executive or Beneficiary. No provision of this Agreement shall be construed as imposing on the Administrator any fiduciary duty under ERISA or other law, or any duty similar to any fiduciary duty under ERISA or other law. 6.2 Administrator Authority . The Administrator shall enforce this Agreement in accordance with its terms, shall be charged with the general administration of this Agreement, and shall have all powers necessary to accomplish its purposes. 

6.3 Binding Effect of Decision . The decision or action of the Administrator with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration, interpretation or application of this Agreement and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in this Agreement. 6.4 Compensation, Expenses and Indemnity . The Administrator shall serve without compensation for services rendered hereunder. The Administrator is authorized at the expense of the Employer to employ such legal counsel and record keeper as it may deem advisable to assist in the performance of its duties hereunder. Expense and fees in connection with the administration of this Agreement shall be paid by the Employer. 6.5 Employer Information . The Employer shall supply full and timely information to the Administrator on all matters relating to the Executive s compensation, death, Disability or Separation from Service, and such other information as the Administrator reasonably requires. 6.6 Termination of Participation . If the Administrator determines in good faith that the Executive no longer qualifies as a member of a select group of management or highly compensated employees, as determined in accordance with ERISA, the Administrator shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to discontinue contributions under this Agreement. 6.7 Compliance with Code Section 409A . The Employer and the Executive intend that the Agreement comply with the provisions of Code Section 409A to prevent the inclusion in gross income of any amounts deferred hereunder in a taxable year prior to the year in which amounts are actually paid to the Executive or Beneficiary. This Agreement shall be construed, administered and governed in a manner that affects such intent, and the Administrator shall not take any action that would be inconsistent therewith. Article 7 Claims and Review Procedures 7.1 Claims Procedure . A Claimant who believes that he or she is being denied a benefit to which he or she is entitled hereunder shall make a claim for such benefits as follows. (a) Initiation Written Claim . The Claimant initiates a claim by submitting to the Administrator a written claim for the benefits. If such a claim relates to the contents of a notice received by the Claimant, the claim must be made within sixty (60) days after such notice was received by the Claimant. All other claims must be made within one hundred eighty (180) days of the date on which the event that caused the claim to arise occurred. The claim must state with particularity the determination desired by the Claimant. (b) Timing of Administrator Response . The Administrator shall respond to such Claimant within forty-five (45) days after receiving the claim. If the Administrator determines that special circumstances require additional time for processing the claim, the Administrator can extend the response period by an 

additional thirty (30) days by notifying the Claimant in writing, prior to the end of the initial forty-five (45) day period, that an additional period is required. The extension notice shall specifically explain the standards on which entitlement to a disability benefit is based, the unresolved issues that prevent a decision on the claim and the additional information needed from the Claimant to resolve those issues, and the Claimant shall be afforded at least forty-five (45) days within which to provide the specified information. (c) Notice of Decision . If the Administrator denies all or a part of the claim, the Administrator shall notify the Claimant in writing of such denial in a culturally and linguistically appropriate manner. The Administrator shall write the notification in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant. The notification shall set forth: (i) the specific reasons for the denial; (ii) a reference to the specific provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based; (iii) a notice that the Claimant has a right to request a review of the claim denial and an explanation of the Plan s review procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures; (iv) a statement of the Claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following an adverse benefit determination on review, and a description of any time limit for bringing such an action; (v) for any Disability claim, a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following: (A) the views presented by the Claimant of health care professionals treating the Claimant and vocational professionals who evaluated the Claimant; (B) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Employer in connection with a Claimant s adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination; or (C) a disability determination regarding the Claimant presented by the Claimant made by the Social Security Administration (vi) for any Disability claim, the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria relied upon in making the adverse determination or, alternatively, a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria do not exist; and (viii) for any Disability claim, a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the Claimant s claim for benefits. Whether a document, record, or other information is relevant to a claim for benefits shall be determined by Department of Labor Regulation Section 2560.503-1(m)(8). 7.2 Review Procedure . If the Administrator denies all or a part of the claim, the Claimant shall have the opportunity for a full and fair review by the Administrator of the denial as follows. (a) Additional Evidence . Prior to the review of the denied claim, the Claimant shall be given, free of charge, any new or additional evidence considered, relied upon, or generated by the Administrator, or any new or additional rationale, as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided, to give the Claimant a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date. 

(b) Initiation Written Request . To initiate the review, the Claimant, within sixty (60) days after receiving the Administrator s notice of denial, must file with the Administrator a written request for review. (c) Additional Submissions Information Access . After such request the Claimant may submit written comments, documents, records and other information relating to the claim. The Administrator shall also provide the Claimant, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the Claimant s claim for benefits. (d) Considerations on Review . In considering the review, the Administrator shall consider all materials and information the Claimant submits relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. Additional considerations shall be required in the case of a claim for Disability benefits. The claim shall be reviewed by an individual or committee who did not make the initial determination that is subject of the appeal and who is not a subordinate of the individual who made the determination. Additionally, the review shall be made without deference to the initial adverse benefit determination. If the initial adverse benefit determination was based in whole or in part on a medical judgment, the Administrator will consult with a health care professional with appropriate training and experience in the field of medicine involving the medical judgment. The health care professional who is consulted on appeal will not be the same individual who was consulted during the initial determination and will not be the subordinate of such individual. If the Administrator obtained the advice of medical or vocational experts in making the initial adverse benefits determination (regardless of whether the advice was relied upon), the Administrator will identify such experts. (e) Timing of Administrator Response . The Administrator shall respond in writing to such Claimant within forty-five (45) days after receiving the request for review. If the Administrator determines that special circumstances require additional time for processing the claim, the Administrator can extend the response period by an additional forty-five (45) days by notifying the Claimant in writing, prior to the end of the initial forty-five (45) day period, that an additional period is required. The notice of extension must set forth the special circumstances and the date by which the Administrator expects to render its decision. (f) Notice of Decision . The Administrator shall notify the Claimant in writing of its decision on review. The Administrator shall write the notification in a culturally and linguistically appropriate manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant. The notification shall set forth: (i) the specific reasons for the denial; (ii) a reference to the specific provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based; (iii) a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the Claimant s claim for benefits; (iv) a statement of the Claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a); (v) for any Disability claim, a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following: (A) the views presented by the Claimant of health care professionals treating the Claimant 

and vocational professionals who evaluated the Claimant; (B) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Employer in connection with a Claimant s adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination; or (C) a disability determination regarding the Claimant presented by the Claimant made by the Social Security Administration; and (vi) for any Disability claim, the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria relied upon in making the adverse determination or, alternatively, a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria do not exist. 7.3 Exhaustion of Remedies . The Claimant must follow these claims review procedures and exhaust all administrative remedies before taking any further action with respect to a claim for benefits. 7.4 Failure to Follow Procedures . In the case of a claim for Disability benefits, if the Administrator fails to strictly adhere to all the requirements of this claims procedure with respect to a Disability claim, the Claimant is deemed to have exhausted the administrative remedies available under the Agreement, and shall be entitled to pursue any available remedies under ERISA Section 502(a) on the basis that the Administrator has failed to provide a reasonable claims procedure that would yield a decision on the merits of the claim, except where the violation was: (a) de minimis; (b) non-prejudicial; (c) attributable to good cause or matters beyond the Administrator s control; (d) in the context of an ongoing good-faith exchange of information; and (e) not reflective of a pattern or practice of noncompliance. The Claimant may request a written explanation of the violation from the Administrator, and the Administrator must provide such explanation within ten (10) days, including a specific description of its basis, if any, for asserting that the violation should not cause the administrative remedies to be deemed exhausted. If a court rejects the Claimant s request for immediate review on the basis that the Administrator met the standards for the exception, the claim shall be considered as re-filed on appeal upon the Administrator s receipt of the decision of the court. Within a reasonable time after the receipt of the decision, the Administrator shall provide the claimant with notice of the resubmission. ARTICLE 8 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 8.1 Agreement Amendment Generally . Except as provided in Section 8.2, this Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement signed by both the Employer and the Executive. 8.2 Amendment to Ensure Proper Characterization of Agreement . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Agreement may be amended by the Employer at any time, if found necessary in the opinion of the Employer, (i) to ensure that the Agreement is characterized as plan of deferred compensation maintained for a select group of management or highly compensated employees as described under ERISA, (ii) to conform the Agreement to the requirements of any applicable law or (iii) to comply with the written instructions of the Employer s auditors or banking regulators. 

8.3 Agreement Termination Generally . Except as provided in Section 8.4, this Agreement may be terminated only by a written agreement signed by the Employer and the Executive. Such termination shall not cause a distribution of benefits under this Agreement. Rather, upon such termination benefit distributions will be made at the earliest distribution event permitted under Article 4. 8.4 Effect of Complete Termination . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 8.3, and subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulations 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix), at certain times the Employer may completely terminate and liquidate benefits payable pursuant to this Agreement. In the event of a complete termination pursuant to subsection (a) or (c) below, the Employer shall pay the Executive the Deferral Account balance. In the event of a complete termination pursuant to subsection (b) below, the Employer shall pay the Executive the Present Value of the Deferral Account, calculated as described in Section 4.4 hereof. In any event, such complete termination of the Agreement shall occur only under the following circumstances and conditions. (a) Corporate Dissolution or Bankruptcy . The Employer may terminate and liquidate this Agreement within twelve (12) months of a corporate dissolution taxed under Code Section 331, or with the approval of a bankruptcy court, provided that all benefits paid under the Agreement are included in the Executive s gross income in the latest of: (i) the calendar year which the termination occurs; (ii) the calendar year in which the amount is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture; or (iii) the first calendar year in which the payment is administratively practicable. (b) Change in Control . The Employer may terminate and liquidate this Agreement by taking irrevocable action to terminate and liquidate within the thirty (30) days preceding or the twelve (12) months following a Change in Control. This Agreement will then be treated as terminated only if all substantially similar arrangements sponsored by the Employer which are treated as deferred under a single plan under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(c)(2) are terminated and liquidated with respect to each participant who experienced the Change in Control so that the Executive and any participants in any such similar arrangements are required to receive all amounts of compensation deferred under the terminated arrangements within twelve (12) months of the date the Employer takes the irrevocable action to terminate the arrangements. (c) Discretionary Termination . The Employer may terminate and liquidate this Agreement provided that: (i) the termination does not occur proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the Employer; (ii) all arrangements sponsored by the Employer and Affiliates that would be aggregated with any terminated arrangements under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(c) are terminated; (iii) no payments, other than payments that would be payable under the terms of this Agreement if the termination had not occurred, are made within twelve (12) months of the date the Employer takes the irrevocable action to terminate this Agreement; (iv) all payments are made within twenty-four (24) months following the date the Employer takes the irrevocable action to terminate and liquidate this Agreement; and (v) neither the Employer nor any of its Affiliates adopt a new arrangement that would 

be aggregated with any terminated arrangement under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(c) if the Executive participated in both arrangements, at any time within three (3) years following the date the Employer takes the irrevocable action to terminate this Agreement. Article 9 MISCELLANEOUS 9.1 No Effect on Other Rights . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Employer and the Executive as to the subject matter hereof. No rights are granted to the Executive by virtue of this Agreement other than those specifically set forth herein. Nothing contained herein will confer upon the Executive the right to be retained in the service of the Employer nor limit the right of the Employer to discharge or otherwise deal with the Executive without regard to the existence hereof. Notwithstanding the above, nothing contained herein alters, amends or limits the promises or obligations of Executive under any restrictive covenants entered into between Employer and Executive, including but not limited to covenants not to compete or solicit, nor any of the remedies afforded to Employer in the event Executive breaches or attempts to breach such restrictive covenants. 9.2 State Law . This Agreement and all rights hereunder shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania except to the extent preempted by the laws of the United States of America. 9.3 Validity . In case any provision of this Agreement shall be illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted herein. 9.4 Nonassignability . Benefits under this Agreement cannot be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, attached or encumbered in any manner. 9.5 Unsecured General Creditor Status . Payment to the Executive or any Beneficiary hereunder shall be made from assets which shall continue, for all purposes, to be part of the general, unrestricted assets of the Employer and no person shall have any interest in any such asset by virtue of any provision of this Agreement. The Employer s obligation hereunder shall be an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future. In the event that the Employer purchases an insurance policy insuring the life of the Executive to recover the cost of providing benefits hereunder, neither the Executive nor the Beneficiary shall have any rights whatsoever in said policy or the proceeds therefrom. 9.6 Life Insurance . If the Employer chooses to obtain insurance on the life of the Executive in connection with its obligations under this Agreement, the Executive hereby agrees to take such physical examinations and to truthfully and completely supply such information as may be required by the Employer or the insurance company designated by the Employer. 

9.7 Unclaimed Benefits . The Executive shall keep the Employer informed of the Executive s current address and the current address of the Beneficiary. If the location of the Executive is not made known to the Employer within three years after the date upon which any payment of any benefits may first be made, the Employer shall delay payment of the Executive s benefit payment(s) until the location of the Executive is made known to the Employer; however, the Employer shall only be obligated to hold such benefit payment(s) for the Executive until the expiration of three (3) years. Upon expiration of the three (3) year period, the Employer may discharge its obligation by payment to the Beneficiary. If the location of the Beneficiary is not made known to the Employer by the end of an additional two (2) month period following expiration of the three (3) year period, the Employer may discharge its obligation by payment to the Executive s estate. If there is no estate in existence at such time or if such fact cannot be determined by the Employer, the Executive and Beneficiary shall thereupon forfeit all rights to any benefits provided under this Agreement. 9.8 Misstatement . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, no benefit shall be distributed hereunder if an insurance company which issued a life insurance policy covering the Executive and owned by the Employer denies coverage (i) for material misstatements of fact made by the Executive on an application for life insurance, or (ii) for any other valid and justifiable reason. 9.9 Removal . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Employer shall not distribute any benefit under this Agreement if the Executive is subject to a final removal or prohibition order issued pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Furthermore, any payments made to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall, if required, comply with 12 U.S.C. 1828, FDIC Regulation 12 CFR Part 359 and any other regulations or guidance promulgated thereunder. 9.10 Forfeiture Provision . The Executive shall forfeit any non-distributed benefits under this Agreement if, within 24 months of Separation from Service for any reason: (i) the Executive, directly or indirectly, either as an individual or as a proprietor, stockholder, partner, officer, director, employee, agent, consultant or independent contractor of any individual, partnership, corporation or other entity (excluding an ownership interest of three percent (3 or less in the stock of a publicly-traded company) becomes employed by, engaged by, or participates in, the ownership, management, operation or control of any bank, savings and loan or other similar financial institution within thirty (30) miles of any office or location maintained by the Employer as of the date of the termination of the Executive s employment; (ii) the Executive, directly or indirectly, employs any person who was an employee of Employer during Executive s employment, or entice away or attempt to entice away from employment by Employer any such Employee ; (iii) the Executive assists, advises, or serves in any capacity, representative or otherwise, any third party in any transaction involving the Employer; or (iv) the Executive, directly or indirectly, solicits or attempts to solicit any clients, customers or accounts of Employer for the purpose of selling, offering to sell, 

or providing banking or other financial products or services similar to or competitive with any product or service sold or provided by Employer; or assisting any other person in selling or providing banking or other financial services to, any clients, customers or accounts of Employer for such purposes; or servicing, directly or indirectly, any clients, customers or accounts of Employer; to which Executive provided banking or other financial services, sold, offered to sell or solicited orders, contracts or accounts for services during the three (3) year period immediately prior to the termination of the Executive s employment. In addition, the Executive shall forfeit any non-distributed benefits under this Agreement if, at any time following Executive s Separation from Service for any reason, Executive divulges, discloses, uses, or communicates to others in any manner whatsoever, except for the benefit of the Employer, any confidential information or trade secrets of the Employer including, but not limited to, the names and addresses of customers or prospective customers, of the Employer, as they may have existed from time to time, or work performed or services rendered for any customer; business development, sales and marketing plans and materials; any method and/or procedures relating to projects or other work developed for the Employer; or profits, losses, earnings or other financial information concerning the Employer; and any other information not generally known to the public which, if misused or disclosed to a competitor could reasonably be expected to adversely affect Employer. The restrictions contained in this subparagraph apply to all confidential information regarding the Employer, regardless of the source who provided or compiled such information. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, all information referred to herein shall not be considered confidential once it becomes known to the general public from sources other than the Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following an Involuntary Termination, subsection (i) of this Section shall not apply and subsections (ii), (iii) and (iv) shall only apply for twelve (12) months following such Involuntary Termination. In addition, subsections (i), (ii) and (iii) shall not apply following a Change in Control. 9.11 Notice . Any notice, consent or demand required or permitted to be given to the Employer or Administrator under this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered or sent by registered or certified mail to the Employer s principal business office. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Executive or Beneficiary under this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered or sent by mail to the last known address of the Executive or Beneficiary, as appropriate. Any notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark or on the receipt for registration or certification. 9.12 Headings and Interpretation . Headings and sub-headings in this Agreement are inserted for reference and convenience only and shall not be deemed part of this Agreement. Wherever the fulfillment of the intent and purpose of this Agreement requires and the context will permit, the use of the masculine gender includes the feminine and use of the singular includes the plural. 

9.13 Alternative Action . In the event it becomes impossible for the Employer or the Administrator to perform any act required by this Agreement due to regulatory or other constraints, the Employer or Administrator may perform such alternative act as most nearly carries out the intent and purpose of this Agreement and is in the best interests of the Employer, provided that such alternative act does not violate Code Section 409A. 9.14 Coordination with Other Benefits . The benefits provided for the Executive or the Beneficiary under this Agreement are in addition to any other benefits available to the Executive under any other plan or program for employees of the Employer. This Agreement shall supplement and shall not supersede, modify, or amend any other such plan or program except as may otherwise be expressly provided herein. 9.15 Inurement . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Employer, its successor and assigns, and the Executive, the Executive s successors, heirs, executors, administrators, and the Beneficiary. 9.16 Tax Withholding . The Employer may make such provisions and take such action as it deems necessary or appropriate for the withholding of any taxes which the Employer is required by any law or regulation to withhold in connection with any benefits under the Agreement. 9.17 Responsibility for Taxes . The Executive shall be responsible for the payment of all individual tax liabilities relating to any benefits paid hereunder. The Executive acknowledges that in no event will the Employer be liable to the Executive for any taxes resulting from the Executive s participation in the Agreement, including any additional penalty, excise or other taxes that might be imposed as a result of Code Section 409A. 9.18 Aggregation of Agreement . If the Employer offers other non-qualified deferred compensation plans in addition to this Agreement, this Agreement and those plans shall be treated as a single plan to the extent required under Code Section 409A. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive and a representative of the Employer have executed this Agreement document as indicated below: Executive: Employer: /s/ Lindsay S. Bixler By: /s/ Janak M. Amin Its: President CEO 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 5
 pbbk-20221231xex10d16.htm
 EX-10.16

SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN THIS SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN (this Agreement ), adopted this 25 day of January, 2023, by and between Presence Bank (the Employer and William Sayre (the Executive ). WITNESSETH : WHEREAS, the Executive is employed as a senior officer by the Employer; WHEREAS, the Employer recognizes the valuable services the Executive performs for the Employer and wishes to encourage the Executive s continued employment by providing the Executive with additional retirement benefit incentives to further the Employer s corporate objectives; and WHEREAS, the Employer wishes to provide the Executive with additional retirement benefit incentives pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; and WHEREAS, the Employer and the Executive intend that this Agreement providing for supplemental retirement benefits shall at all times be administered and interpreted in compliance with Code Section 409A; and WHEREAS, this Agreement shall at all times be administered and interpreted by the Employer in such a manner as to constitute an unfunded nonqualified deferred compensation arrangement, maintained primarily to provide supplemental retirement benefits for the Executive, as a member of its select group of management or highly compensated employees and this Agreement and the benefits offered hereunder shall be unfunded for purposes of the Code and for purposes of Title I of ERISA. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual promises herein contained, the Employer and the Executive agree as follows: ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS For the purpose of this Agreement, the following phrases or terms shall have the indicated meanings: 1.1 Administrator means the Board or its designee. 
 1.2 Affiliate means any business entity with whom the Employer would be considered a single employer under Section 414(b) and 414(c) of the Code. Such term shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with the definition of service recipient contained in Code Section 409A. 
 1.3 Base Salary means the cash compensation relating to services performed during any Plan Year, excluding bonuses, commissions, distributions from nonqualified 

deferred compensation plan, fringe benefits, incentive payments, non-monetary awards, overtime, relocation expenses, stock options and other fees, and automobile and other allowances paid to the Executive for services rendered (whether or not such allowances are included in the Executive s gross income). Base Salary shall be calculated before reduction for amounts voluntarily deferred or contributed by the Executive pursuant to qualified or non-qualified plans and shall be calculated to include amounts not otherwise included in the Executive s gross income under Code Section 125, 402(e)(3), 402(h), or 403(b) pursuant to plans established by the Employer; provided, however, that all such amounts will be included in compensation only to the extent that had there been no such plan, the amount would have been payable in cash to the Executive. 
 1.4 Beneficiary means the person or persons designated in writing by the Executive to receive benefits hereunder in the event of the Executive s death. 
 1.5 Board means the Board of Trustees or Directors, as applicable, of the Employer. 
 1.6 Cause means any of the following acts or circumstances: fraud in the performance of, or gross negligence or gross neglect of, duties to the Employer; conviction of a felony or of a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, fraud, disloyalty, or dishonesty which brings or would have the likely potential in bringing significant public discredit or significant injury to the Employer s reputation or business; willful violation of any law or significant Employer policy committed in connection with the Executive s employment that warrants termination of employment; if the Executive is subject to a final removal or prohibition order issued pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or by a final order of an appropriate federal or state banking agency; or the occurrence or violation of any applicable provisions or conditions set forth in Sections 9.9 or 9.10 hereto. 
 1.7 Change in Control means a change in the ownership or effective control of the Employer, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Employer, as such change is defined in Code Section 409A and regulations thereunder; provided however, the Employer s conversion from a mutual form of ownership to a stock form of ownership shall not constitute nor be deemed a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement. 
 1.8 Claimant means a person who believes that he or she is being denied a benefit to which he or she is entitled hereunder. 
 1.9 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 1.10 Contribution means the amount the Employer contributes to the Deferral Account, calculated according to the provisions of Article 2. 
 1.11 Crediting Rate means two percent (2 ). 
 1.12 Deferral Account means the Employer s accounting of the accumulated Contributions plus accrued interest. 

1.13 Disability means a condition of the Executive whereby the Executive either: (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Employer. The Administrator will determine whether the Executive has incurred a Disability based on its own good faith determination and may require the Executive to submit to reasonable physical and mental examinations for this purpose. The Executive will also be deemed to have incurred a Disability if determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or in accordance with a disability insurance program, provided that the definition of disability applied under such disability insurance program complies with the initial sentence of this Section. 
 1.14 Early Termination means Separation from Service before Normal Retirement Age excluding a Separation from Service following a Change in Control or resulting from the Executive s termination for Cause. 
 1.15 Effective Date means the adoption date set forth January 1, 2023. 
 1.16 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 1.17 Involuntary Termination means a Separation from Service other than a termination for Cause that is due to the independent exercise of the Employer s unilateral authority to terminate the Executive s services, other than due to the Executive s implicit or explicit request, where the Executive was willing and able to continue performing services. 
 1.18 Normal Retirement Age means the Executive attaining age sixty-five (65). 
 1.19 Plan Year means each twelve (12) month period commencing on January 1 and ending on December 31 of each year. 
 1.20 Separation from Service means a termination of the Executive s employment with the Employer and its Affiliates for reasons other than death, Disability. A Separation from Service may occur as of a specified date for purposes of the Agreement even if the Executive continues to provide some services for the Employer or its Affiliates after that date, provided that the facts and circumstances indicate that the Employer and the Executive reasonably anticipated at that date that either no further services would be performed after that date, or that the level of bona fide services the Executive would perform after such date (whether as an employee or as an independent contractor) would permanently decrease to no more than twenty percent (20 of the average level of bona fide services performed over the immediately preceding thirty-six (36) month period (or the full period during which the Executive performed services for the Employer, if that is less than thirty-six (36) months). A Separation from Service will not be deemed to have occurred while the Executive 

is on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six (6) months or, if longer, the period for which a statute or contract provides the Executive with the right to reemployment with the Employer. If the Executive s leave exceeds six (6) months but the Executive is not entitled to reemployment under a statute or contract, the Executive incurs a Separation from Service on the next day following the expiration of such six (6) month period. In determining whether a Separation from Service occurs the Administrator shall take into account, among other things, the definition of service recipient and employer set forth in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)(3). The Administrator shall have full and final authority, to determine conclusively whether a Separation from Service occurs, and the date of such Separation from Service. 
 1.21 Specified Employee means an individual that satisfies the definition of a key employee of the Employer as such term is defined in Code 416(i) (without regard to Code 416(i)(5)), provided that the stock of the Employer is publicly traded on an established securities market or otherwise, as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.897-1(m). If the Executive is a key employee at any time during the twelve (12) months ending on December 31, the Executive is a Specified Employee for the twelve (12) month period commencing on the first day of the following April. 
 1.22 Year of Service means each twelve (12) consecutive month period of Executive s employment commencing April 11, 2022. 
 
 Article 2 CONTRIBUTIONS 2.1 Initial Contribution. As of the Effective Date, the Employer shall make an initial Contribution to the Deferral Account equal to Seventeen Thousand Three Hundred Fifty-One Dollars 17,351), which is fifteen percent (15 of the Executive s Base Salary earned between July 1, 2022 and the Effective Date, plus interest. 2.2 Contributions . After the Effective Date the Employer shall make contributions to the Deferral Account at such frequencies as it determines until the earliest of Normal Retirement Age, Separation from Service, Disability, Change in Control or the Executive s death, equal to fifteen percent (15 of Executive s Base Salary in effect as of the date of the Employer Contribution. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Board may choose to contribute a greater or lesser amount prospectively in its sole discretion. Article 3 DEFERRAL ACCOUNT 3.1 Establishing and Crediting . The Employer shall establish a Deferral Account on its books for the Executive and shall credit to the Deferral Account the following amounts: (a) Any Contributions hereunder; and (b) Interest as follows: on the last day of each month interest shall be credited on the Deferral Account at an annual rate equal to the Crediting Rate, compounded monthly. 

3.2 Recordkeeping Device Only . The Deferral Account is solely a bookkeeping entry and device for measuring amounts to be paid under this Agreement. This Agreement does not establish or create in any manner a trust fund of any kind. 3.3 Vesting. Executive s entitlement to the Deferral Account and all benefits provided under this Agreement shall be subject to Executive s completion of requisite Years of Service for the Employer under the vesting schedule set forth in this Section 3.3. Upon Executive s Early Termination, Executive shall be entitled to the Deferral Account and benefits hereunder based on the vesting schedule set forth in this Section 3.3. Notwithstanding the vesting schedule under this Section 3.3, in the event of a Change in Control or Executive s Separation from Service upon Normal Retirement Age, as a result of Executive s death or Disability or as a result of Executive s Early Termination which constitutes an Involuntary Termination, Executive shall become fully 100 vested in the Deferral Account and benefits provided hereunder. Completion of One Year of Service - 20 Vested Completion of Two Years of Service 40 Vested Completion of Three Years of Service 60 Vested Completion of Four Years of Service 80 Vested Completion of Five Years of Service 100 Vested ARTICLE 4 PAYMENT OF BENEFITS 4.1 Normal Retirement Benefit . Upon the Executive s Separation from Service after attaining Normal Retirement Age, the Employer shall pay the Executive the Deferral Account balance calculated at Separation from Service. Executive s Deferral Account shall be paid in one hundred eighty (180) consecutive monthly installments and shall commence the month following Separation from Service. 4.2 Early Termination Benefit . Upon the Executive s Early Termination, the Employer shall pay the vested portion of the Executive s Deferral Account balance in one hundred eighty (180) consecutive equal monthly installments commencing with the month following Separation from Service. 4.3 Disability Benefit . If the Executive has incurred a Disability p rior to attaining Normal Retirement Age, the Employer shall pay the Executive the Deferral Account balance calculated as of the Executive s Disability. The Executive s Deferral Account shall be paid in one hundred eighty (180) consecutive monthly installments and shall commence with the month following the date of the Executive s Disability. 4.4 Change in Control Benefit . If a Change in Control occurs prior to the Executive having attained Normal Retirement Age, the Employer shall pay the Executive the Deferral Account balance plus an additional amount equal to the total Employer Contributions and Crediting Rate interest made to the Executive s Deferral Account for the twenty-four (24) month period immediately preceding the Change in Control. The Deferral Account under 

this Section 4.4 shall be paid in the form of a lump sum to the Executive on the first day of the thirteenth month following the Change in Control. 4.5 Death Prior to Commencement of Benefit Payments . In the event the Executive dies prior to Separation from Service or Disability , the Employer shall pay the Executive s Beneficiary a death benefit hereunder equal to the Deferral Account balance plus an additional amount equal to Employer Contributions and Crediting Rate interest made to the Executive s Deferral Account for the twenty-four (24) month period immediately preceding the Executive s date of death with such benefit being paid over one hundred eighty (180) months using an annual interest rate equal to two percent (2 compounded monthly. The death benefit shall be paid in one hundred eighty (180) consecutive monthly installments and shall commence the month following the Executive s death. In the event of the Executive s death after a Change in Control but prior to payment of the benefit described in Section 4.4, the benefit to be paid to the Executive s Beneficiary shall be paid in the form otherwise payable to the Executive pursuant to Section 4. 4. 4. 6 Death Subsequent to Commencement of Benefit Payments . In the event the Executive dies while receiving payments, but prior to receiving all payments due and owing hereunder, the Employer shall pay the Beneficiary the same amounts at the same times as the Employer would have paid the Executive, had the Executive survived. 4.7 Termination for Cause . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, if the Employer terminates the Executive s employment for Cause at any time, including a termination of Executive s employment for Cause following the date the Executive shall have attained Normal Retirement Age, the Executive shall forfeit all benefits under this Agreement. 4.8 Restriction on Commencement of Distributions . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive is considered a Specified Employee at the time of Separation from Service, the provisions of this Section shall govern all distributions hereunder. Distributions which would otherwise be made to the Executive due to Separation from Service shall not be made during the first six (6) months following Separation from Service. Rather, any distribution which would otherwise be paid to the Executive during such period shall be accumulated and paid to the Executive in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh month following Separation from Service, or if earlier, upon the Executive s death. All subsequent distributions shall be paid as they would have had this Section not applied. 4.9 Acceleration of Payments . Except as specifically permitted herein, no acceleration of the time or schedule of any payment may be made hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments may be accelerated, in accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(j)(4) in the following circumstances: (i) as a result of certain domestic relations orders; (ii) in compliance with ethics agreements with the federal government; (iii) in compliance with the ethics laws or conflicts of interest laws; (iv) in limited cashouts (but not in excess of the limit under Code 402(g)(1)(B)); (v) to pay 

employment-related taxes; or (vi) to pay any taxes that may become due at any time that the Agreement fails to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A. 4.10 Delays in Payment by Employer . A payment may be delayed to a date after the designated payment date under any of the circumstances described below, and the provision will not fail to meet the requirements of establishing a permissible payment event. The delay in the payment will not constitute a subsequent deferral election, so long as the Employer treats all payments to similarly situated participants on a reasonably consistent basis. (a) Payments that would violate Federal securities laws or other applicable law . A payment may be delayed where the Employer reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will violate Federal securities laws or other applicable law provided that the payment is made at the earliest date at which the Employer reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will not cause such violation. The making of a payment that would cause inclusion in gross income or the application of any penalty provision of the Internal Revenue Code is not treated as a violation of law. (b) Solvency . Notwithstanding the above, a payment may be delayed where the payment would jeopardize the ability of the Employer to continue as a going concern. 4.11 Treatment of Payment as Made on Designated Payment Date . Solely for purposes of determining compliance with Code Section 409A, any payment under this Agreement made after the required payment date shall be deemed made on the required payment date provided that such payment is made by the latest of: (i) the end of the calendar year in which the payment is due; (ii) the 15 th day of the third calendar month following the payment due date; (iii) if Employer cannot calculate the payment amount on account of administrative impracticality which is beyond the Executive s control, the end of the first calendar year which payment calculation is practicable; and (iv) if Employer does not have sufficient funds to make the payment without jeopardizing the Employer s solvency, in the first calendar year in which the Employer s funds are sufficient to make the payment. 4.12 Facility of Payment . If a distribution is to be made to a minor, or to a person who is otherwise incompetent, then the Administrator may make such distribution: (i) to the legal guardian, or if none, to a parent of a minor payee with whom the payee maintains his or her residence; or (ii) to the conservator or administrator or, if none, to the person having custody of an incompetent payee. Any such distribution shall fully discharge the Employer and the Administrator from further liability on account thereof. 4.13 Changes in Form or Timing of Benefit Payments . The Employer and the Executive may, subject to the terms hereof, amend this Agreement to delay the timing or change the form of payments. Any such amendment: (a) must take effect not less than twelve (12) months after the amendment is made; (b) must, for benefits distributable due solely to the arrival of a specified 

date, or on account of Separation from Service or Change in Control, delay the commencement of distributions for a minimum of five (5) years from the date the first distribution was originally scheduled to be made; (c) must, for benefits distributable due solely to the arrival of a specified date, be made not less than twelve (12) months before distribution is scheduled to begin; and (d) may not accelerate the time or schedule of any distribution. Article 5 Beneficiaries 5.1 Designation of Beneficiaries . The Executive may designate any person to receive any benefits payable under the Agreement upon the Executive s death, and the designation may be changed from time to time by the Executive by filing a new designation. Each designation will revoke all prior designations by the Executive, shall be in the form prescribed by the Administrator and shall be effective only when filed in writing with the Administrator during the Executive s lifetime. If the Executive names someone other than the Executive s spouse as a Beneficiary, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, determine that spousal consent is required to be provided in a form designated by the Administrator, executed by the Executive s spouse and returned to the Administrator. The Executive s beneficiary designation shall be deemed automatically revoked if the Beneficiary predeceases the Executive or if the Executive names a spouse as Beneficiary and the marriage is subsequently dissolved. 5.2 Absence of Beneficiary Designation . In the absence of a valid Beneficiary designation, or if, at the time any benefit payment is due to a Beneficiary, there is no living Beneficiary validly named by the Executive, the Employer shall pay the benefit payment to the Executive s spouse. If the spouse is not living then the Employer shall pay the benefit payment to the Executive s living descendants per stirpes , and if there are no living descendants, to the Executive s estate. In determining the existence or identity of anyone entitled to a benefit payment, the Employer may rely conclusively upon information supplied by the Executive s personal representative, executor, or administrator. Article 6 ADMINISTRATION 6.1 Administrator Duties . The Administrator shall be responsible for the management, operation, and administration of the Agreement. When making a determination or calculation, the Administrator shall be entitled to rely on information furnished by the Employer, Executive or Beneficiary. No provision of this Agreement shall be construed as imposing on the Administrator any fiduciary duty under ERISA or other law, or any duty similar to any fiduciary duty under ERISA or other law. 6.2 Administrator Authority . The Administrator shall enforce this Agreement in accordance with its terms, shall be charged with the general administration of this Agreement, and shall have all powers necessary to accomplish its purposes. 

6.3 Binding Effect of Decision . The decision or action of the Administrator with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration, interpretation or application of this Agreement and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in this Agreement. 6.4 Compensation, Expenses and Indemnity . The Administrator shall serve without compensation for services rendered hereunder. The Administrator is authorized at the expense of the Employer to employ such legal counsel and record keeper as it may deem advisable to assist in the performance of its duties hereunder. Expense and fees in connection with the administration of this Agreement shall be paid by the Employer. 6.5 Employer Information . The Employer shall supply full and timely information to the Administrator on all matters relating to the Executive s compensation, death, Disability or Separation from Service, and such other information as the Administrator reasonably requires. 6.6 Termination of Participation . If the Administrator determines in good faith that the Executive no longer qualifies as a member of a select group of management or highly compensated employees, as determined in accordance with ERISA, the Administrator shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to discontinue contributions under this Agreement. 6.7 Compliance with Code Section 409A . The Employer and the Executive intend that the Agreement comply with the provisions of Code Section 409A to prevent the inclusion in gross income of any amounts deferred hereunder in a taxable year prior to the year in which amounts are actually paid to the Executive or Beneficiary. This Agreement shall be construed, administered and governed in a manner that affects such intent, and the Administrator shall not take any action that would be inconsistent therewith. Article 7 Claims and Review Procedures 7.1 Claims Procedure . A Claimant who believes that he or she is being denied a benefit to which he or she is entitled hereunder shall make a claim for such benefits as follows. (a) Initiation Written Claim . The Claimant initiates a claim by submitting to the Administrator a written claim for the benefits. If such a claim relates to the contents of a notice received by the Claimant, the claim must be made within sixty (60) days after such notice was received by the Claimant. All other claims must be made within one hundred eighty (180) days of the date on which the event that caused the claim to arise occurred. The claim must state with particularity the determination desired by the Claimant. (b) Timing of Administrator Response . The Administrator shall respond to such Claimant within forty-five (45) days after receiving the claim. If the Administrator determines that special circumstances require additional time for processing the claim, the Administrator can extend the response period by an 

additional thirty (30) days by notifying the Claimant in writing, prior to the end of the initial forty-five (45) day period, that an additional period is required. The extension notice shall specifically explain the standards on which entitlement to a disability benefit is based, the unresolved issues that prevent a decision on the claim and the additional information needed from the Claimant to resolve those issues, and the Claimant shall be afforded at least forty-five (45) days within which to provide the specified information. (c) Notice of Decision . If the Administrator denies all or a part of the claim, the Administrator shall notify the Claimant in writing of such denial in a culturally and linguistically appropriate manner. The Administrator shall write the notification in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant. The notification shall set forth: (i) the specific reasons for the denial; (ii) a reference to the specific provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based; (iii) a notice that the Claimant has a right to request a review of the claim denial and an explanation of the Plan s review procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures; (iv) a statement of the Claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following an adverse benefit determination on review, and a description of any time limit for bringing such an action; (v) for any Disability claim, a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following: (A) the views presented by the Claimant of health care professionals treating the Claimant and vocational professionals who evaluated the Claimant; (B) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Employer in connection with a Claimant s adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination; or (C) a disability determination regarding the Claimant presented by the Claimant made by the Social Security Administration (vi) for any Disability claim, the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria relied upon in making the adverse determination or, alternatively, a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria do not exist; and (viii) for any Disability claim, a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the Claimant s claim for benefits. Whether a document, record, or other information is relevant to a claim for benefits shall be determined by Department of Labor Regulation Section 2560.503-1(m)(8). 7.2 Review Procedure . If the Administrator denies all or a part of the claim, the Claimant shall have the opportunity for a full and fair review by the Administrator of the denial as follows. (a) Additional Evidence . Prior to the review of the denied claim, the Claimant shall be given, free of charge, any new or additional evidence considered, relied upon, or generated by the Administrator, or any new or additional rationale, as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided, to give the Claimant a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date. 

(b) Initiation Written Request . To initiate the review, the Claimant, within sixty (60) days after receiving the Administrator s notice of denial, must file with the Administrator a written request for review. (c) Additional Submissions Information Access . After such request the Claimant may submit written comments, documents, records and other information relating to the claim. The Administrator shall also provide the Claimant, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the Claimant s claim for benefits. (d) Considerations on Review . In considering the review, the Administrator shall consider all materials and information the Claimant submits relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. Additional considerations shall be required in the case of a claim for Disability benefits. The claim shall be reviewed by an individual or committee who did not make the initial determination that is subject of the appeal and who is not a subordinate of the individual who made the determination. Additionally, the review shall be made without deference to the initial adverse benefit determination. If the initial adverse benefit determination was based in whole or in part on a medical judgment, the Administrator will consult with a health care professional with appropriate training and experience in the field of medicine involving the medical judgment. The health care professional who is consulted on appeal will not be the same individual who was consulted during the initial determination and will not be the subordinate of such individual. If the Administrator obtained the advice of medical or vocational experts in making the initial adverse benefits determination (regardless of whether the advice was relied upon), the Administrator will identify such experts. (e) Timing of Administrator Response . The Administrator shall respond in writing to such Claimant within forty-five (45) days after receiving the request for review. If the Administrator determines that special circumstances require additional time for processing the claim, the Administrator can extend the response period by an additional forty-five (45) days by notifying the Claimant in writing, prior to the end of the initial forty-five (45) day period, that an additional period is required. The notice of extension must set forth the special circumstances and the date by which the Administrator expects to render its decision. (f) Notice of Decision . The Administrator shall notify the Claimant in writing of its decision on review. The Administrator shall write the notification in a culturally and linguistically appropriate manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant. The notification shall set forth: (i) the specific reasons for the denial; (ii) a reference to the specific provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based; (iii) a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the Claimant s claim for benefits; (iv) a statement of the Claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a); (v) for any Disability claim, a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following: (A) the views presented by the Claimant of health care professionals treating the Claimant 

and vocational professionals who evaluated the Claimant; (B) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Employer in connection with a Claimant s adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination; or (C) a disability determination regarding the Claimant presented by the Claimant made by the Social Security Administration; and (vi) for any Disability claim, the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria relied upon in making the adverse determination or, alternatively, a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria do not exist. 7.3 Exhaustion of Remedies . The Claimant must follow these claims review procedures and exhaust all administrative remedies before taking any further action with respect to a claim for benefits. 7.4 Failure to Follow Procedures . In the case of a claim for Disability benefits, if the Administrator fails to strictly adhere to all the requirements of this claims procedure with respect to a Disability claim, the Claimant is deemed to have exhausted the administrative remedies available under the Agreement, and shall be entitled to pursue any available remedies under ERISA Section 502(a) on the basis that the Administrator has failed to provide a reasonable claims procedure that would yield a decision on the merits of the claim, except where the violation was: (a) de minimis; (b) non-prejudicial; (c) attributable to good cause or matters beyond the Administrator s control; (d) in the context of an ongoing good-faith exchange of information; and (e) not reflective of a pattern or practice of noncompliance. The Claimant may request a written explanation of the violation from the Administrator, and the Administrator must provide such explanation within ten (10) days, including a specific description of its basis, if any, for asserting that the violation should not cause the administrative remedies to be deemed exhausted. If a court rejects the Claimant s request for immediate review on the basis that the Administrator met the standards for the exception, the claim shall be considered as re-filed on appeal upon the Administrator s receipt of the decision of the court. Within a reasonable time after the receipt of the decision, the Administrator shall provide the claimant with notice of the resubmission. ARTICLE 8 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 8.1 Agreement Amendment Generally . Except as provided in Section 8.2, this Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement signed by both the Employer and the Executive. 8.2 Amendment to Ensure Proper Characterization of Agreement . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Agreement may be amended by the Employer at any time, if found necessary in the opinion of the Employer, (i) to ensure that the Agreement is characterized as plan of deferred compensation maintained for a select group of management or highly compensated employees as described under ERISA, (ii) to conform the Agreement to the requirements of any applicable law or (iii) to comply with the written instructions of the Employer s auditors or banking regulators. 

8.3 Agreement Termination Generally . Except as provided in Section 8.4, this Agreement may be terminated only by a written agreement signed by the Employer and the Executive. Such termination shall not cause a distribution of benefits under this Agreement. Rather, upon such termination benefit distributions will be made at the earliest distribution event permitted under Article 4. 8.4 Effect of Complete Termination . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 8.3, and subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulations 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix), at certain times the Employer may completely terminate and liquidate benefits payable pursuant to this Agreement. In the event of a complete termination pursuant to subsection (a) or (c) below, the Employer shall pay the Executive the Deferral Account balance. In the event of a complete termination pursuant to subsection (b) below, the Employer shall pay the Executive the Present Value of the Deferral Account, calculated as described in Section 4.4 hereof. In any event, such complete termination of the Agreement shall occur only under the following circumstances and conditions. (a) Corporate Dissolution or Bankruptcy . The Employer may terminate and liquidate this Agreement within twelve (12) months of a corporate dissolution taxed under Code Section 331, or with the approval of a bankruptcy court, provided that all benefits paid under the Agreement are included in the Executive s gross income in the latest of: (i) the calendar year which the termination occurs; (ii) the calendar year in which the amount is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture; or (iii) the first calendar year in which the payment is administratively practicable. (b) Change in Control . The Employer may terminate and liquidate this Agreement by taking irrevocable action to terminate and liquidate within the thirty (30) days preceding or the twelve (12) months following a Change in Control. This Agreement will then be treated as terminated only if all substantially similar arrangements sponsored by the Employer which are treated as deferred under a single plan under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(c)(2) are terminated and liquidated with respect to each participant who experienced the Change in Control so that the Executive and any participants in any such similar arrangements are required to receive all amounts of compensation deferred under the terminated arrangements within twelve (12) months of the date the Employer takes the irrevocable action to terminate the arrangements. (c) Discretionary Termination . The Employer may terminate and liquidate this Agreement provided that: (i) the termination does not occur proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the Employer; (ii) all arrangements sponsored by the Employer and Affiliates that would be aggregated with any terminated arrangements under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(c) are terminated; (iii) no payments, other than payments that would be payable under the terms of this Agreement if the termination had not occurred, are made within twelve (12) months of the date the Employer takes the irrevocable action to terminate this Agreement; (iv) all payments are made within twenty-four (24) months following the date the Employer takes the irrevocable action to terminate and liquidate this Agreement; and (v) neither the Employer nor any of its Affiliates adopt a new arrangement that would 

be aggregated with any terminated arrangement under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(c) if the Executive participated in both arrangements, at any time within three (3) years following the date the Employer takes the irrevocable action to terminate this Agreement. Article 9 MISCELLANEOUS 9.1 No Effect on Other Rights . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Employer and the Executive as to the subject matter hereof. No rights are granted to the Executive by virtue of this Agreement other than those specifically set forth herein. Nothing contained herein will confer upon the Executive the right to be retained in the service of the Employer nor limit the right of the Employer to discharge or otherwise deal with the Executive without regard to the existence hereof. Notwithstanding the above, nothing contained herein alters, amends or limits the promises or obligations of Executive under any restrictive covenants entered into between Employer and Executive, including but not limited to covenants not to compete or solicit, nor any of the remedies afforded to Employer in the event Executive breaches or attempts to breach such restrictive covenants. 9.2 State Law . This Agreement and all rights hereunder shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania except to the extent preempted by the laws of the United States of America. 9.3 Validity . In case any provision of this Agreement shall be illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted herein. 9.4 Nonassignability . Benefits under this Agreement cannot be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, attached or encumbered in any manner. 9.5 Unsecured General Creditor Status . Payment to the Executive or any Beneficiary hereunder shall be made from assets which shall continue, for all purposes, to be part of the general, unrestricted assets of the Employer and no person shall have any interest in any such asset by virtue of any provision of this Agreement. The Employer s obligation hereunder shall be an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future. In the event that the Employer purchases an insurance policy insuring the life of the Executive to recover the cost of providing benefits hereunder, neither the Executive nor the Beneficiary shall have any rights whatsoever in said policy or the proceeds therefrom. 9.6 Life Insurance . If the Employer chooses to obtain insurance on the life of the Executive in connection with its obligations under this Agreement, the Executive hereby agrees to take such physical examinations and to truthfully and completely supply such information as may be required by the Employer or the insurance company designated by the Employer. 

9.7 Unclaimed Benefits . The Executive shall keep the Employer informed of the Executive s current address and the current address of the Beneficiary. If the location of the Executive is not made known to the Employer within three years after the date upon which any payment of any benefits may first be made, the Employer shall delay payment of the Executive s benefit payment(s) until the location of the Executive is made known to the Employer; however, the Employer shall only be obligated to hold such benefit payment(s) for the Executive until the expiration of three (3) years. Upon expiration of the three (3) year period, the Employer may discharge its obligation by payment to the Beneficiary. If the location of the Beneficiary is not made known to the Employer by the end of an additional two (2) month period following expiration of the three (3) year period, the Employer may discharge its obligation by payment to the Executive s estate. If there is no estate in existence at such time or if such fact cannot be determined by the Employer, the Executive and Beneficiary shall thereupon forfeit all rights to any benefits provided under this Agreement. 9.8 Misstatement . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, no benefit shall be distributed hereunder if an insurance company which issued a life insurance policy covering the Executive and owned by the Employer denies coverage (i) for material misstatements of fact made by the Executive on an application for life insurance, or (ii) for any other valid and justifiable reason. 9.9 Removal . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Employer shall not distribute any benefit under this Agreement if the Executive is subject to a final removal or prohibition order issued pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Furthermore, any payments made to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall, if required, comply with 12 U.S.C. 1828, FDIC Regulation 12 CFR Part 359 and any other regulations or guidance promulgated thereunder. 9.10 Forfeiture Provision . The Executive shall forfeit any non-distributed benefits under this Agreement if, within 24 months of Separation from Service for any reason: (i) the Executive, directly or indirectly, either as an individual or as a proprietor, stockholder, partner, officer, director, employee, agent, consultant or independent contractor of any individual, partnership, corporation or other entity (excluding an ownership interest of three percent (3 or less in the stock of a publicly-traded company) becomes employed by, engaged by, or participates in, the ownership, management, operation or control of any bank, savings and loan or other similar financial institution within thirty (30) miles of any office or location maintained by the Employer as of the date of the termination of the Executive s employment; (ii) the Executive, directly or indirectly, employs any person who was an employee of Employer during Executive s employment, or entice away or attempt to entice away from employment by Employer any such Employee ; (iii) the Executive assists, advises, or serves in any capacity, representative or otherwise, any third party in any transaction involving the Employer; or (iv) the Executive, directly or indirectly, solicits or attempts to solicit any clients, customers or accounts of Employer for the purpose of selling, offering to sell, 

or providing banking or other financial products or services similar to or competitive with any product or service sold or provided by Employer; or assisting any other person in selling or providing banking or other financial services to, any clients, customers or accounts of Employer for such purposes; or servicing, directly or indirectly, any clients, customers or accounts of Employer; to which Executive provided banking or other financial services, sold, offered to sell or solicited orders, contracts or accounts for services during the three (3) year period immediately prior to the termination of the Executive s employment. In addition, the Executive shall forfeit any non-distributed benefits under this Agreement if, at any time following Executive s Separation from Service for any reason, Executive divulges, discloses, uses, or communicates to others in any manner whatsoever, except for the benefit of the Employer, any confidential information or trade secrets of the Employer including, but not limited to, the names and addresses of customers or prospective customers, of the Employer, as they may have existed from time to time, or work performed or services rendered for any customer; business development, sales and marketing plans and materials; any method and/or procedures relating to projects or other work developed for the Employer; or profits, losses, earnings or other financial information concerning the Employer; and any other information not generally known to the public which, if misused or disclosed to a competitor could reasonably be expected to adversely affect Employer. The restrictions contained in this subparagraph apply to all confidential information regarding the Employer, regardless of the source who provided or compiled such information. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, all information referred to herein shall not be considered confidential once it becomes known to the general public from sources other than the Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following an Involuntary Termination, subsection (i) of this Section shall not apply and subsections (ii), (iii) and (iv) shall only apply for twelve (12) months following such Involuntary Termination. In addition, subsections (i), (ii) and (iii) shall not apply following a Change in Control. 9.11 Notice . Any notice, consent or demand required or permitted to be given to the Employer or Administrator under this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered or sent by registered or certified mail to the Employer s principal business office. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Executive or Beneficiary under this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered or sent by mail to the last known address of the Executive or Beneficiary, as appropriate. Any notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark or on the receipt for registration or certification. 9.12 Headings and Interpretation . Headings and sub-headings in this Agreement are inserted for reference and convenience only and shall not be deemed part of this Agreement. Wherever the fulfillment of the intent and purpose of this Agreement requires and the context will permit, the use of the masculine gender includes the feminine and use of the singular includes the plural. 

9.13 Alternative Action . In the event it becomes impossible for the Employer or the Administrator to perform any act required by this Agreement due to regulatory or other constraints, the Employer or Administrator may perform such alternative act as most nearly carries out the intent and purpose of this Agreement and is in the best interests of the Employer, provided that such alternative act does not violate Code Section 409A. 9.14 Coordination with Other Benefits . The benefits provided for the Executive or the Beneficiary under this Agreement are in addition to any other benefits available to the Executive under any other plan or program for employees of the Employer. This Agreement shall supplement and shall not supersede, modify, or amend any other such plan or program except as may otherwise be expressly provided herein. 9.15 Inurement . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Employer, its successor and assigns, and the Executive, the Executive s successors, heirs, executors, administrators, and the Beneficiary. 9.16 Tax Withholding . The Employer may make such provisions and take such action as it deems necessary or appropriate for the withholding of any taxes which the Employer is required by any law or regulation to withhold in connection with any benefits under the Agreement. 9.17 Responsibility for Taxes . The Executive shall be responsible for the payment of all individual tax liabilities relating to any benefits paid hereunder. The Executive acknowledges that in no event will the Employer be liable to the Executive for any taxes resulting from the Executive s participation in the Agreement, including any additional penalty, excise or other taxes that might be imposed as a result of Code Section 409A. 9.18 Aggregation of Agreement . If the Employer offers other non-qualified deferred compensation plans in addition to this Agreement, this Agreement and those plans shall be treated as a single plan to the extent required under Code Section 409A. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive and a representative of the Employer have executed this Agreement document as indicated below: Executive: Employer: /s/ William H. Sayre By: /s/ Janak M. Amin Its: President CEO 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-21>
 6
 pbbk-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT Presence Bank (incorporated in Pennsylvania) CSB Investments (incorporated in Delaware), a subsidiary of Presence Bank 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 pbbk-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (No. 333-268029) on Form S-8 of PB Bankshares, Inc. of our report dated March 28, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of PB Bankshares, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PB Bankshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ YOUNT, HYDE BARBOUR, P.C. Winchester, Virginia March 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 pbbk-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER I, Janak M. Amin, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PB Bankshares, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting, to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors: (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 /s/ Janak M. Amin Janak M. Amin President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 pbbk-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER I, Lindsay S. Bixler, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PB Bankshares, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting, to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors: (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. . JK 

Date: March 28, 2023 /s/ Lindsay S. Bixler Lindsay S. Bixler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 10
 pbbk-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 STATEMENT PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS REQUIRED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of PB Bankshares, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify that to the best of our knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March 28, 2023 /s/ Janak M. Amin President and Chief Executive Officer Janak M. Amin (Principal Executive Officer) March 28, 2023 /s/ Lindsay S. Bixler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Lindsay S. Bixler (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 pbbk-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 pbbk-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 pbbk-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 pbbk-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

