<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1378453_0001378453-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11692530</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>445725</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1913657</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3693758</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2961250</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2494003</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001378453-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301114808
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001378453-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TravelCenters of America Inc. /MD/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001378453
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO DEALERS & GASOLINE STATIONS [5500]
		IRS NUMBER:				205701514
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33274
		FILM NUMBER:		23691486

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24601 CENTER RIDGE ROAD
		CITY:			WESTLAKE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44145
		BUSINESS PHONE:		440-808-9100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24601 CENTER RIDGE ROAD
		CITY:			WESTLAKE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44145

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRAVELCENTERS OF AMERICA LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001378453-23-000005.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 ta-20221231.htm
 10-K

ta-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: TravelCenters of America Inc. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbols Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer o 
 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recover analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the shares of common stock, 0.001 par value, or common stock, of the registrant held by non-affiliates was million based on the 34.47 closing price per share of common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on June 30, 2022. For purposes of this calculation, an aggregate of 2,389,992 shares of common stock held directly by, or by affiliates of, the directors and the officers of the registrant, plus 1,184,797 shares of common stock held by Service Properties Trust, have been included in the number of shares of common stock held by affiliates. 
 Number of the registrant s shares of common stock outstanding as of February 27, 2023: . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or our Annual Report, to TA, the Company, we, us and our include TravelCenters of America Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise stated or the context indicates otherwise. 
 Warning Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other securities laws. Whenever we use words such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, estimate, will, may and negatives and derivatives of these or similar expressions, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon our present intent, beliefs or expectations, but forward-looking statements are not guaranteed to occur and may not occur. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by our forward-looking statement s. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. Among others, the f orward-looking statements in this Annual Report include statements that : 
 The effect of the announcement of our proposed sale to BP Products North America Inc., or BP, a subsidiary of BP p.l.c. on our operating results and business generally; risks that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and operations and the potential difficulties in employee retention as a result of the proposed transaction; the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the proposed transaction; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of our agreement and plan of merger with BP, or the Merger Agreement, including circumstances requiring a party to pay the other party a termination fee pursuant to the Merger Agreement; the ability of the parties to consummate the proposed transaction on a timely basis or at all; the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to consummation of the proposed transaction, including the ability to secure regulatory approvals on the terms expected, at all or in a timely manner; and business disruption following the proposed transaction; 
 Our fuel purchasing and inventory management practices may allow us to mitigate the impact of fuel price volatility; 
 Our ope rating results for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect certain improvements over the same period last year. This may imply that we will increase or maintain these improvements and that we will be as profitable in the future. However, there are no guarantees that we will be able to sustain this level of performance or growth in the future. In addition, customer demand, inflationary or recessionary pressures, geopolitical risks, competitive conditions, fuel market dynamics, war and other hostilities, and government regulation, among other factors, may significantly impact our fuel and nonfuel revenues and the costs of our fuel and nonfuel products may increase in the future because of inflation or other reasons. If fuel gross margin per gallon, or fuel or nonfuel sales volume, decline, if we are not able to pass increases in fuel or nonfuel costs to our customers or if our nonfuel sales mix changes in a manner that negatively impacts our nonfuel gross margin, our nonfuel revenues or our fuel and nonfuel gross margin may decline; 
 Subject to our proposed sale to BP, we are executing initiatives that we believe have and will improve and enhance our growth, profitability and operational efficiency. However, we may not be able to grow or recognize the improvements to our operating results that we anticipate and we may not realize the returns we target on our related investments. In addition, the costs incurred to complete the initiatives may be greater than we anticipate; 
 We generally pass changes in certain of our costs to our customers, with some timing differences. We may, however, be unable to pass cost increases to our customers due to competitive or other market conditions or otherwise; 
 We have incurred costs to support our anticipated business growth. This statement may imply that these costs will result in increased revenues and us receiving the expected return on our investments in growing our business. However, these costs may exceed any increased revenue we may receive from this growth or the returns on these investments may be less than expected; 
 Our belief that our sites are well-located may prove otherwise and, if so, we may not realize the benefits we expect based on the characteristics of our sites; 
 Subject to our proposed sale to BP, we plan to make acquisitions and develop new locations in the future. Managing and integrating acquired or developed locations can be difficult, time consuming and/or more expensive than anticipated and involve risks of financial loss. We may not operate our acquired or developed locations as profitably as we may expect. In addition, acquisitions or property development may subject us to greater risks than our continuing operations, including the assumption of unknown liabilities; 
 Our expectation that travel centers we acquire will reach financial stabilization within approximately one to three years after we complete capital improvements following our acquisition of the travel center; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Our belief that, as of the date of this Annual Report, we had sufficient financial resources to fund operations for at least 12 months. However, our business is subject to risks, including risks beyond our control. If economic conditions decline for an extended period or if we fail to operate our business and compete successfully, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely impacted, which may result in our not having sufficient financial resources to fund operations for the foreseeable future; 
 Subject to our proposed sale to BP, we expect to expand our network by entering into new franchise agreements. However, we may not succeed in entering these agreements and the operating commencement and stabilization of any new franchises may not occur or may be delayed and these franchises may not be successful or generate the royalties for us that we expect; 
 Our efforts to continually monitor our fuel purchasing, pricing, supply and inventory management and taking actions we believe appropriate that are intended to improve fuel margins may not be successful due to our failure to succeed in our efforts or due to market, supplier or other reasons; 
 We have a revolving credit facility, or our Credit Facility with a current maximum availability of 200.0 million. The availability of this maximum amount is subject to limits based on our qualified collateral, including our eligible cash, accounts receiva ble, inventory, equipment and intangible assets that varies in amount from time to time. Accordingly, our borrowing and letter of credit availability at any time may be less than 200.0 million. At December 31, 2022, based on our eligible collateral at that date, our borrowing and letter of credit availability was 179.9 million, of which we had used 13.9 million for outstanding letters of credit. The maximum amount available under the Credit Facility may be increased to 300.0 million, the availability of which is subject to limits based on our available collateral and lender participation. However, if we do not have sufficient collateral or if we are unable to identify lenders willing to increase their commitments or join our Credit Facility, we may not be able to increase the size of our Credit Facility or the availability of borrowings when we may want or need to do so; 
 We may not spend the 135.0 million to 150.0 million of the capital expenditures in 2023 that we currently expect to spend, subject to our proposed sale to BP, we may spend more or less than these amounts, we may spend these amounts in a different manner, these expenditures may not provide the benefits we expect and we may not realize our expected cash on cash return hurdle; 
 Our commitment to embracing environmentally friendly sources of energy through our eTA division may not be successful, may not result in the benefits we expect and may not be sufficient to offset declines we may experience in our business if the market moves from fossil fuels to non-fossil fuels; 
 These and other unexpected results may be caused by various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 
 Continued improved fuel efficiency of motor vehicle engines and other fuel conservation and alternative fuel practices and sources employed or used by our customers and alternative fuel technologies, alternative forms of energy or other means of transportation that may be developed and widely adopted in the future may continue to reduce the demand for the fuel that we sell and may adversely affect our business; 
 Competition within the travel center, truck repair and restaurant industries may adversely impact our financial results. Our business requires substantial amounts of working capital and our competitors may have greater financial and other resources than we do; 
 Future increases in fuel prices may reduce the demand for the products and services that we sell; 
 Future commodity fuel price increases, fuel price volatility or other factors may cause us to need more working capital to maintain our inventory and carry our accounts receivable at higher balances than we now expect and the general availability of, demand for and pricing of motor fuels may change in ways which lower the profitability associated with our selling motor fuels; 
 Our suppliers may be unwilling or unable to maintain the current credit terms for our purchases. If we are unable to purchase goods on reasonable credit terms, our required working capital may increase and we may incur material losses. Also, in times of rising fuel and nonfuel prices, our suppliers may be unwilling or unable to increase the credit amounts they extend to us, which may increase our working capital requirements. The availability and the terms of any credit we may be able to obtain are uncertain; 
 The potential impacts of a recessionary environment may adversely affect our business, results of operations and liquidity; 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Most of our trucking company customers transact business with us by use of fuel cards issued by third party fuel card companies. Fuel card companies facilitate payments to us and charge us fees for these services. The fuel card industry has only two significant participants. We believe most large trucking companies use only a single fuel card provider and have become increasingly dependent upon services provided by their respective fuel card provider to manage their fleets. Continued lack of competition among fuel card companies may result in future increases in our transaction fee expenses or working capital requirements, or both; 
 Our labor costs may continue to increase in response to business and market demands and conditions, business opportunities or pursuant to legal requirements; 
 Fuel supply disruptions may occur, which may limit our ability to purchase fuel for resale; 
 We and our suppliers and customers are experiencing negative impacts from the current reduced market labor availability, including truck driver shortage, and related market pressures which may continue to present us with challenges and could negatively impact our business and operations if these conditions continue; 
 Continued supply chain challenges may limit our growth, reduce our scale and scope of operations, increase our operating costs, continue to expand the time to complete our capital projects, and adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition; 
 If trucking companies are unable to satisfy market demands for transporting goods or if the use of other means of transporting goods increases, the trucking industry may experience reduced business, which would negatively affect our business, results of operations and liquidity; 
 Trucking companies have incurred, and may incur additional, increased labor costs to retain and hire truck drivers, which may reduce the amount these companies are willing to pay for our services or products; 
 Adverse weather events, natural disasters and climate change may adversely impact our travel centers and other properties, operations and financial condition; 
 Compliance with, and changes to, federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those related to tax, employment and environmental matters, accounting rules and financial reporting standards, payment card industry requirements, competition and similar matters may increase our operating costs and reduce or eliminate our profits; 
 We are routinely involved in litigation. Discovery during litigation and court decisions often have unanticipated results. Litigation is usually expensive and can be distracting to management. We cannot be sure of the outcome of any of the litigation matters in which we are or may become involved; 
 Acts of terrorism, geopolitical risks, political crises, wars or other military actions, public health crises, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, or other man made or natural disasters beyond our control may adversely affect our financial results; and 
 Although we believe that we benefit from our relationships with our related parties, including Service Properties Trust, or SVC, The RMR Group LLC, or RMR, and others affiliated with them, actual and potential conflicts of interest with related parties may present a contrary perception or result in litigation, and the benefits we believe we may realize from the relationships may not materialize. 
 Results that differ from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements may also be caused by various changes in our business or market conditions as described more fully under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 You should not place undue reliance upon forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 7 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 36 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Our Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 38 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 50 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 50 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 51 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 52 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 52 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 53 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 53 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 53 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 53 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 53 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 58 
 SIGNATURES 

6 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 Business Overview 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. is a Maryland corporation. As of December 31, 2022, we operate or franchise 285 travel centers, standalone truck service facilities and standalone restaurants. Our customers include trucking fleets and their drivers, independent truck drivers, highway and local motorists and casual diners. We also collect rents, royalties and other fees from our tenants and franchisees. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our business included 281 travel centers in 44 states in the United States, primarily along the U.S. interstate highway system, operated primarily under the TravelCenters of America, TA, TA Express, Petro Stopping Centers and Petro brand names. Of these travel centers, we owned 56, we leased 181, we operated two for a joint venture and 42 were owned or leased from others by our franchisees. We operated 239 of our travel centers and franchisees operated 42 travel centers. Our travel centers offer a broad range of products and services, including diesel fuel and gasoline, as well as nonfuel products and services such as a wide range of truck repair and maintenance services, diesel exhaust fluid, or DEF, full service restaurants, or FSRs, quick service restaurants, or QSRs, and various customer amenities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our business included three standalone truck service facilities operated under the TA Truck Service brand name. Of these standalone truck service facilities, we leased two and owned one. Our standalone truck service facilities offer extensive maintenance and emergency repair and roadside services to large trucks. 
 On April 21, 2021, we completed the sale of our Quaker Steak Lube, or QSL, business for 5.0 million excluding costs to sell and certain closing adjustments. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report for more information about the sale of our QSL business. 
 We manage our business as one segment. We make specific disclosures concerning fuel and nonfuel products and services because they facilitate our discussion of trends and operational initiatives within our business and industry. In March 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our only travel center located in a foreign country, Canada, which we did not consider material to our operations, and on April 26, 2022, we ceased all operations at our Canadian travel center. In December 2022, due to circumstances that were considered unlikely at the time the agreement was executed, we exercised our right to terminate the agreement. As a result, we are actively seeking other buyers for the property. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report for more information about the closure of this travel center. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 15,000 people on a full time basis and 2,500 people on a part time basis at our travel centers, standalone truck service facilities and standalone restaurants and we employed an additional 945 people in field management, corporate and other roles to support our locations. Approximately 48 of our employees at three travel centers are represented by unions. For more information regarding our employees, please refer to Human Capital Resources below. 
 Recent Significant Events 
 The Proposed Merger 
 On February 15, 2023, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, or the Merger Agreement, with BP, Bluestar RTM Inc., a Maryland corporation and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of BP, or Merger Subsidiary, pursuant to which Merger Subsidiary will merge with and into the Company, or the Merger, with the Company surviving the Merger. 
 As a result of the Merger, at the effective time of the Merger, or the Effective Time, each share of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares of our common stock (i) owned by BP or Merger Subsidiary immediately prior to the Effective Time, or (ii) held by any Subsidiary (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of the Company or BP (other than Merger Subsidiary) immediately prior to the Effective Time), will be converted into the right to receive 86.00 in cash, without interest, or the Merger Consideration. 
 
 Immediately prior to the Effective Time, each then-outstanding share of our common stock granted subject to vesting or other lapse restrictions under any Company stock plan that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will vest in full and become free of such restrictions and will be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration under the same terms and conditions as apply to the receipt of the Merger Consideration by holders of our common stock generally. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 The closing of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including, among other things, (i) receipt by us of the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock, or the Company Stockholder Approval, (ii) that there is no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other judgment issued by any court of competent jurisdiction in effect enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, (iii) the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period (or extension thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and all other approvals under antitrust laws, (iv) the accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement (subject to specified materiality qualifiers), (v) compliance with the covenants and obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects; (vi) the absence of a material adverse effect with respect to the Company; and (vii) the execution, release and delivery of the Consent and Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2023, by and among us, our subsidiary TA Operating LLC, BP, SVC and certain of SVC s subsidiaries, and all agreements entered into pursuant thereto. 
 
 We made customary representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement and agreed to customary covenants regarding the operation of our business and the business of our subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time. 
 The Merger Agreement also includes a covenant requiring us not to solicit any acquisition proposal, and, subject to certain exceptions, not to enter into or participate or engage in any discussions or negotiations with, related to an acquisition proposal or enter into any letter of intent, acquisition agreement or other similar agreement relating to an acquisition proposal. Further, our Board of Directors will not withhold, withdraw, amend or modify, or publicly propose to do any of the foregoing, its recommendation in a manner adverse to BP, adopt, approve or recommend to our stockholders an acquisition proposal, fail to reaffirm its recommendation within ten business days following BP s written request, fail to recommend against acceptance of a tender or exchange offer for shares of our common stock within ten business days after the commencement thereof, nor fail to include its recommendation in the proxy statement that will be prepared in connection with the company stockholder meeting and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Proxy Statement. Notwithstanding these restrictions, at any time prior to obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval, if we have received a written, bona fide , unsolicited acquisition proposal from any third party (or a group of third parties) that our board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel, constitutes or could reasonably be expected to lead to a superior proposal, and the failure to take the following actions would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its duties under applicable law, then we, directly or indirectly through certain specified representatives, may, subject to certain conditions, engage in discussions with such third party and furnish to such third party non-public information relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to an acceptable confidentiality agreement. Further, at any time prior to obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval, in respect to a superior proposal we receive after the date of the Merger Agreement on an unsolicited basis, if our board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with its financial advisors and outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would be reasonably expected to be inconsistent with its duties under applicable law, the board of directors may, subject to compliance with certain conditions, (i) make an Adverse Recommendation Change (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or (ii) cause us to terminate the Merger Agreement in compliance with the terms of the Merger Agreement in order to enter into a binding written definitive agreement providing for such superior proposal. 
 
 Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to the closing of the Merger, we expect the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement to occur by mid-year 2023. 
 The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to a Current Report on Form 8-K we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on February 16, 2023. 
 Economic Conditions 
 The United States economy experienced high inflation since the beginning of 2022 and there are market expectations that inflation may further increase and remain at elevated levels for a sustained period. In addition, global supply chain challenges that arose during the second half of 2021 continued in 2022 and, although improvements have since been realized, it is uncertain whether those improvements will be continued and sustained. Also, labor availability has continued to be constrained and market labor costs have continued to increase. The U.S. Federal Reserve Board also increased interest rates multiple times since the beginning of 2022 and once in 2023, with additional rate increases expected in 2023. These conditions may give rise to an economic slowdown, and perhaps a recession, and could further increase our costs and/or impact our revenues. At the same time, these conditions and other factors, as further noted below, have created a volatile market for oil, diesel fuel and gasoline, which resulted in our realizing increased fuel margins and fuel revenues during 2022. It is unclear whether the current economic conditions and government responses to these conditions, including inflation, increasing interest rates, the war between Russia and Ukraine and high fuel prices, will result in an economic slowdown or recession in the United States. If that occurs, demand for the transporting of products across the United States by trucks may decline, which may significantly adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial position. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 Many of the restrictions that had been imposed in the United States during the COVID-19 pandemic have since been lifted and commercial activity in the United States generally has increasingly returned to pre-pandemic practices and operations. To date, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a significant adverse impact on our overall business. 
 Growth Strategies 
 We continue to prioritize and focus on key initiatives across our organization including top-line growth through high return capital investments, bottom-line growth through process improvement and cost discipline, continued introduction of efficient technology and systems and defining the future of on-highway mobility through a commitment to energy alternatives, all in support of our core mission to return every traveler to the road better than they came. 
 Acquiring high quality existing travel centers and viable truck services facilities are key aspects of our strategic network growth plan. Our active acquisition pipeline may enable us to add independent and franchised sites along active corridors to strengthen the geographic coverage of our network and expand our scope of products and services and customer segments through investments of capital and human resources in our truck service business, particularly our TA Truck Service Emergency Roadside Assistance, TA Truck Service Mobile Maintenance and TA Commercial Tire Network programs. Each of these programs, as further described below under the heading Operations TA Truck Service, can service our traditional long haul trucking customers as well as other truck owner customers we historically have not served. 
 Our recent acquisition, franchising and development activities are summarized as follows: 
 
 Travel Centers. During 2022, we completed the acquisitions of certain assets of seven existing travel centers, including the assumed operation of two travel centers which we own but which were previously leased and franchised to former tenants/franchisees. Since the beginning of 2020, we entered into franchise agreements covering 68 travel centers to be operated under our travel center brand names, with 30 new franchise agreements entered in 2022, reaching our annual target. Five began operations during 2020, two began operations during 2021, and three began operations during 2022, and we expect the remaining 58 to open by the second quarter of 2025. 
 
 Typical improvements we make at recently added or refreshed travel centers include adding truck repair facilities and nationally branded QSRs, paving parking lots, rebranding gasoline offerings, replacing outdated fuel dispensers, installing DEF dispensing systems, adding biodiesel blending, changing signage, installing point of sale and other IT systems and general building and cosmetic upgrades. The cost of capital improvements to recently purchased travel centers are often substantial and require a long period of time to plan, design, permit and complete; and, after being completed, the improved travel centers require a period of time to become part of our customers supply networks and produce stabilized financial results. Depending on the extent of the improvements we estimate that the travel centers we acquire generally will reach financial stabilization approximately one to three years after completion of improvements, but actual results can vary widely from this estimate due to many factors, some of which are outside our control, and we cannot be certain that acquired locations will operate profitably. For instance, the acquisition of an existing franchised travel center or site refresh could have a financial stabilization period of one year or less, whereas the new construction or significant overhaul of a newly-franchised or company-owned travel center could take up to three years to reach financial stabilization. 
 
 Truck Service Facilities. During 2022, we completed the acquisitions of two truck service facilities, and entered into a lease for another facility, which began operating as TA Truck Service during the year. 
 See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report for more information about recent acquisitions. 
 Our Travel Centers 
 Our typical TA or Petro branded travel center includes: 
 over 24 acres of land with parking for approximately 200 tractor trailers and 100 cars; 
 a FSR and one or more QSRs that we operate as a franchisee under various brands; 
 a truck repair facility and parts shop; 
 multiple diesel and gasoline fueling points, including DEF dispensers at the diesel lanes; and 
 a travel store, game room, lounge and other amenities for professional truck drivers and motorists. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Our typical TA Express branded travel center includes: 
 approximately 10 acres of land with parking for approximately 70 tractor trailers and 50 cars; 
 one or more QSRs that we operate as a franchisee under various brands; 
 multiple diesel, gasoline and DEF fueling points; and 
 a travel store and other amenities for professional truck drivers and motorists. 
 Substantially all of our travel centers are full service sites located on or near an interstate highway exit and offer fuel and nonfuel products and services 24 hours per day, 365 days per year. 
 Our travel center locations offer a broad range of products and services designed to appeal to our customers, including: 
 Fuel. We sell unbranded diesel fuel at separate truck fueling lanes and we sell gasoline and diesel fuel at motorist fuel islands. As of December 31, 2022, we offered branded gasoline at approximately 259 of our locations and unbranded gasoline at nine of our travel centers operated by our franchisees and five of our travel centers operated by us. 
 Diesel Exhaust Fluid. DEF is an additive that is required by most truck engines manufactured after 2010. As of December 31, 2022, we offered DEF from dispensers on the diesel fueling island at approximately 278 of our travel centers and plan to have DEF dispensers available in all lanes at our travel centers. 
 FSRs and QSRs. Most of our TA and Petro branded travel centers have both FSRs and QSRs, and our TA Express branded travel centers have one or more QSRs that offer customers a wide variety of nationally recognized branded food choices. The substantial majority of our FSRs within our travel centers are operated under our Iron Skillet and Country Pride brands and offer menu table service. We recently added the Fork and Compass FSR to our brand portfolio, a new dining experience, at a Petro branded travel center. At certain travel centers we have converted the FSR to a franchised brand, such as IHOP , Black Bear Diner , Fuddruckers and Bob Evans . We are continuing to evaluate other opportunities to drive value within our FSRs, including the conversion of select FSRs to a fast casual concept, which includes The Kitchen, a new proprietary fast food offering currently located at select TA and Petro locations. We also operate approximately 62 different brands of QSRs, including Popeye s Chicken Biscuits , Subway , Burger King , Taco Bell , Pizza Hut , Dunkin and Starbuck s Coffee . As of December 31, 2022, approximately 152 of our travel centers included a FSR, approximately 194 of our travel centers offered at least one QSR and there were a total of approximately 458 QSRs in our 281 travel centers. 
 
 Truck Service. Most of our travel centers have truck repair and maintenance facilities. Our 259 truck repair and maintenance facilities typically have between three and six service bays and are staffed by trained service technicians employed by us or our franchisees. These shops generally operate 24 hours per day, 365 days per year and offer extensive maintenance and emergency repair and road services, ranging from basic services such as oil changes, wheel alignments and tire repair or replacement to specialty services such as diagnostics and repair of air conditioning, brakes and electrical systems. Our repair and maintenance services are generally covered by our nationwide warranty. In addition to work we perform at our facilities, we also provide roadside emergency truck and trailer repair, facilitated by our internal call center and off site Mobile Maintenance repair and maintenance services, as described under the heading Operations TA Truck Service below. 
 Travel Stores. Travel stores located in our travel centers have a broad merchandise selection of more than 25,000 items. The General Merchandise selection is designated to support the professional driver s lifestyle while on the road. It includes the latest electronics, oil and additives, hardware and tools, clothing, and cab and bunk supplies. The Convenience offering includes cold beverages, candy, salty snacks, sweet treats, and traditional grocery items such as meal solutions, pet supplies, and health and beauty products. Each store has fresh food, pre-packaged meal solutions, snacks to grab, freshly brewed coffee, and cold fountain drinks. Each store has unique gifts for guests to buy for family or friends, whether it s a holiday or moment to celebrate. Guests can also purchase regional souvenirs to remember their trip by. 
 Parking. We have a total of approximately 74,000 parking spaces, of which 48,000 are tractor trailer parking spaces and 26,000 are car parking spaces. Many of our travel centers offer the Reserve-It! parking program, which allows drivers to reserve for a fee a parking space in advance of arriving at a travel center. As of December 31, 2022, we offered the Reserve-It! parking program at 266 of our travel centers and we had dedicated a total of approximately 7,600 parking spaces for this program. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Additional Driver Services. We believe that trucking fleets can improve the retention and recruitment of truck drivers by directing them to visit large, high quality, full service travel centers with plentiful overnight parking such as ours. We offer commercial trucker and other customer loyalty programs, the principal program being the UltraOne Program, that are similar to frequent shopper programs offered by other retailers. Under our loyalty programs, drivers receive points for diesel fuel purchases and for selected nonfuel products and services. These points may be redeemed for discounts on nonfuel products and services at our travel centers. Some of our travel centers offer casino gaming. We strive to provide a consistently high level of service and amenities to professional truck drivers at all of our travel centers, which we believe make our travel centers an attractive choice for trucking fleets. Most of our travel centers provide truck drivers amenities including: 
 specialized business services, including an information center where drivers can send and receive faxes, overnight mail and other communications; 
 a banking desk where drivers can cash checks and receive funds transfers from fleet operators; 
 wi-fi internet access; 
 a laundry area with washers and dryers; 
 private showers; 
 free exercise facilities; 
 areas designated for truck drivers only, including a theater or big screen television room with a video player and comfortable seating; and 
 ample parking including Reserve-It! parking. 
 Operations 
 Fuel. We sell fuel to our customers at prices that we establish daily or are indexed to market prices and reset daily. For the year ended December 31, 2022, diesel fuel and gasoline revenues represented approximately 90.2 and 9.8 , respectively, of our total fuel revenues. We use discounting as a principal form of competition to grow our business with key customers and channels. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 90.6 of our diesel fuel sales volume was sold at discounts to posted prices under pricing arrangements with fleet customers. We have numerous sources for our diesel fuel and gasoline supply, including nearly all of the large oil companies operating in the United States. We purchase diesel fuel from various suppliers at rates that fluctuate with market prices and generally are reset daily. By establishing diesel fuel supply relationships with several alternate suppliers for most locations, we believe we are able to effectively create competition for our purchases among various diesel fuel suppliers, and also to capitalize on favorable purchasing opportunities that are accretive to our fuel margin. We also believe that purchasing arrangements with multiple diesel fuel suppliers may help us avoid product shortages during times of diesel fuel supply disruptions. At some locations, however, there are few suppliers for diesel fuel in that market and we may have only one viable supplier. Generally we have single sources of supply for gasoline at each of our locations. We offer biodiesel at a number of our travel centers and have a limited number of suppliers for this product at those sites. We continually monitor our fuel purchasing, pricing, supply and inventory management and take actions we believe appropriate and intended to improve fuel margins. 
 A large majority of truck drivers use a payment method known as truck fuel cards that allow truck drivers to purchase fuel and other products and services, and permits trucking companies to track fuel and other purchases made by their drivers throughout the United States. Most of our trucking customers transact business with us by use of these fuel cards, most of which are issued by third party fuel card companies. Currently, the fuel card industry has only two significant participants, FleetCor Technologies, Inc., the parent of Comdata Inc., or Comdata, and its subsidiaries, or FleetCor, and WEX Inc., and its subsidiaries, or WEX. During 2022, we entered into an agreement with WEX and launched a new private label fuel card as a one card solution for diesel, DEF, gasoline, repairs, scales and other services. The card program is underwritten and managed by WEX and offers loyalty perks to cardholders for transactions at TA sites. We believe almost all trucking companies use only a single fuel card provider and have become increasingly dependent upon the data, reports and other services provided by their respective sole fuel card provider to manage their fleets and simplify their data processing. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Generally, our fuel purchases are delivered directly from suppliers terminals to our locations and we do not contract to purchase substantial quantities of fuel to hold as inventory; however, we may do so in the future. We generally have only a few days of diesel fuel and gasoline inventory at our travel centers. We believe our exposure to market price increases for diesel fuel and gasoline is partially mitigated by the significant amount of our diesel fuel and gasoline sales that are sold under arrangements that include pricing formulae that reset daily and are indexed to market prices and by us generally not purchasing fuel for delivery other than on the date of purchase. Additionally, there has historically been a significant correlation over time between the indices used in our sales contracts and those used in our purchasing contracts. Due to this correlation, we historically have not engaged in any fixed or hedged price fuel contracts. 
 Non-Fossil Fuel and Alternative Energy . In anticipation of the possible changes that may eventually affect our industry regarding fuel and energy use, we are evaluating our long term strategies to position ourselves to efficiently and successfully adapt to these changes. These industry changes may include increasing adoption of the use of non-fossil fuel and alternative energy. Among these changes may be the use of electric vehicle, or EV, technologies, which have been led initially by the automotive and light duty truck industries and more recently followed by leaders in commercial trucking, as well as hydrogen fuel, natural gas and other possible sources. While we are in the preliminary stages of evaluating these changes, we believe that a defined strategy, with dedicated internal resources, is important as we position ourselves to successfully incorporate these changes into our business. While we are currently increasing our biodiesel blending capabilities, as well as expanding our ability to offer DEF at the pump, we are also preparing for the future. This preparation includes dedicated internal leadership, agreements with EV charging equipment providers, as well as the potential for direct capital investments in EV infrastructure. We are actively participating with states in their EV infrastructure rollout to support the expected increase in electric vehicles on the road. In the medium and heavy duty truck space, we are preparing to offer hydrogen fuel and high speed EV charging at one of our sites. We recently announced a non-exclusive agreement with Eletrify America, provider of the largest open direct current fast-charging network in the United States, to expand electric vehicle fast-charging infrastructure at our sites nationwide. We continue to actively explore other opportunities regarding alternative fuels and energy. 
 Nonfuel Products. We have many sources for the large variety of nonfuel products that we sell. We have developed supply relationships with several suppliers of certain nonfuel products and maintain two distribution centers to distribute certain nonfuel products to our locations using a combination of contract carriers. We believe these distribution centers allow us to purchase, maintain and transport inventory and supplies at lower costs. 
 TA Truck Service. In addition to the truck repair and maintenance services provided at our travel centers, we also provide customers a wide variety of off site repair and maintenance services, as described below. 
 TA Truck Service Emergency Roadside Assistance is a roadside truck service program that operates 24 hours per day, seven days per week. As of December 31, 2022, this program included a fleet of approximately 630 heavy duty professionally maintained emergency vehicles equipped with GPS technology at our travel centers and other sites and third party roadside service providers in 49 U.S. states and 10 Canadian provinces with a total of approximately 15,000 locations. We centrally dispatch our service trucks and third party service providers from our call center to assist customers with comprehensive repair services when they are unable to bring their trucks to our travel centers due to a break down. 
 TA Truck Service Mobile Maintenance offers truck and trailer mobile maintenance and repair services performed by certified technicians at customer facilities, with a fleet of approximately 356 trucks in service as of December 31, 2022. TA Truck Service Mobile Maintenance is designed to be a bay on wheels fully stocked with standard and specialty parts and state of the art technology that offers various services such as pre-trip truck inspections, U.S. Department of Transportation required inspections, tire repair and replacement, electric systems checks, brake inspections, used truck inspections and complete lubrication services. 
 TA Commercial Tire Network is a commercial tire program we began in late 2016 through which we sell a variety of branded tires at our truck repair and maintenance facilities, on customers lots, distribution centers, through direct sales and under tire manufacturers national fleet account programs. The TA Commercial Tire Network includes a tire retread facility that is part of the Goodyear Authorized Retread Network, providing a full line of Goodyear commercial tire retread products to fleets, local industries and tire dealers within a 150 mile radius of its location in Bowling Green, Ohio. Many of our truck service facilities have access to the retread tires produced at this plant. We believe the TA Commercial Tire Network is the most comprehensive commercial tire purchasing, monitoring and maintenance program in the United States. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 Fuel and nonfuel products and services can be obtained by trucking companies and truck drivers from a variety of sources, including national and regional full service travel centers and pumper only truck stops, some of which are owned or franchised by large chains and some of which are independently owned and operated, and some large service stations. In addition, some trucking companies operate their own terminals to provide fuel and services to their own trucking fleets and drivers. Some of our competitors may have more resources than we do and vertically integrated fuel and other businesses which may provide them competitive advantages. For all of these reasons and others, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully. 
 We believe that although the travel center and truck stop industry is highly fragmented, with approximately 6,500 travel centers and truck stops in the United States, the largest trucking fleets tend to purchase the majority of their fuel from us and our two largest competitors. Based on the number of locations, Pilot Travel Centers LLC (which includes the Flying J brand), or Pilot, Love s Travel Stops and Country Stores, or Love s, and TA are the three largest companies focused principally on the travel center industry. We believe that in recent years, both of our principal competitors, Pilot and Love s, added more travel centers to their networks than we added to our network, and in some cases, competition from new sites added by Pilot and Love s may have impacted our results. Nevertheless, we believe we are able to compete successfully in part because many of our travel centers were originally developed years ago when prime real estate locations along the U.S. interstate highway system were more readily available than they are today, which we believe would make it difficult to fully replicate our travel center business, and also in part because of our full service offerings and larger locations that are not often replicated by our principal competitors. We compete with other travel center and truck stop chains based primarily on diesel fuel prices and the quality, variety and pricing of our nonfuel products, services and amenities. 
 Our truck repair and maintenance facilities compete with other providers of truck repair and maintenance facilities, including some at Pilot and Love's locations. For truck maintenance and repair services, we also compete with regional full service travel center and smaller truck stop chains, full service independently owned and operated travel centers and truck stops, fleet maintenance terminals, independent garages, truck and commercial tire dealerships, truck quick lube facilities and other parts and service centers. We also compete with other FSRs, QSRs, mass merchandisers, electronics stores, drugstores, gasoline stations and convenience stores. Some truck fleets own their own fuel and repair and maintenance facilities; however, we believe the long term trend has been toward a reduction in these facilities in favor of obtaining fuel and repair and maintenance services from third parties like us. We believe that we are able to compete successfully because we offer consistent, high quality products and services, and our nationwide travel centers provide an advantage to large trucking fleets, particularly long haul trucking fleets, by enabling them to (i) take advantage of efficiencies afforded by the wide array of products and services our travel centers provide for their equipment and their drivers and (ii) reduce the number of their suppliers by routing their trucks through our broad nationwide footprint of travel centers. 
 An additional source of competition in the future could result from commercialization of state owned interstate highway rest areas. Some state governments have historically requested that the federal government allow these rest areas to offer fuel and nonfuel products and services similar to that offered at a travel center and certain congressional leaders have historically supported such legislation. If commercialized, these rest areas may increase the number of locations competing with us and these rest areas may have significant competitive advantages over existing travel centers, including ours, because they are generally located on restricted (i.e., toll) roads and have dedicated ingress and egress. 
 Our Leases with SVC 
 We have five leases with SVC, four of which we refer to as the TA Leases and one of which we refer to as the Petro Lease, and which we refer to collectively as the SVC Leases. 
 SVC Leases. Pursuant to the SVC Leases, we lease 144 properties under the TA Leases and 35 properties under the Petro Lease. One of our subsidiaries is the tenant under the leases, and we guarantee the tenant s obligations under the leases. 
 Term. The TA Leases expire on December 31, 2029, 2031, 2032 and 2033, respectively. The Petro Lease expires on June 30, 2035. We may extend each of these leases for up to two additional periods of 15 years. 
 Annual Minimum Rent. As of December 31, 2022, our aggregate annual minimum rent payable to SVC under the SVC Leases was 243.9 million. We may request that SVC purchase approved renovations, improvements and equipment additions we make at the leased properties, in return for an increase in our annual minimum rent equal to the amount paid by SVC multiplied by the greater of (i) 8.5 or (ii) a benchmark U.S. Treasury interest rate plus 3.5 . SVC is not required to purchase 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 any improvements and we are not required to sell any improvements to SVC. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not sell to SVC any improvements we made to properties leased from SVC. 
 Percentage Rent. Under the SVC Leases, we incur percentage rent payable to SVC. The percentage rent is 3.5 of the excess of nonfuel revenues for any particular year over the percentage rent base year amount. 
 Deferred Rent. Under the SVC Leases, we owed deferred rent to SVC in an aggregate amount of 70.5 million, which became payable in 16 equal quarterly installments beginning April 1, 2019. The total amount of deferred rent outstanding as of December 31, 2022, was 4.4 million. This amount was fully paid in January 2023. 
 In connection with entering into the Merger Agreement, we agreed with BP and SVC to amend and restate our subsidiary s leases with certain of SVC's subsidiaries and corresponding guaranty agreements, in each case effective at the Effective Time, conditioned on the occurrence of the closing of the Merger. 
 For more information about other terms of the SVC Leases, please refer to Part I, Item 1 Business Our Leases with SVC in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 , and Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 Relationships with Franchisees 
 We have franchise agreements with owners of travel centers. We collect franchise, royalty, advertising and other fees under these agreements. The table below summarizes by state information as of December 31, 2022, regarding branding and ownership of the travel centers our franchisees operate and excludes travel centers we operate. Information about the locations we operate is included in Part I, Item 2 of this Annual Report. Brand Affiliation: Ownership of Sites By: TA 
 TA Express Petro Total TA Franchisee 
 or Others 
 Alabama 1 1 1 Arizona 1 1 1 California 1 1 1 Florida 1 1 1 Georgia 1 1 1 Illinois 1 1 2 2 Iowa 1 1 1 Kansas 1 1 1 3 3 Minnesota 2 2 2 Missouri 2 1 3 3 North Carolina 1 1 1 North Dakota 1 1 2 2 Ohio 1 1 2 2 Oregon 2 1 3 3 Pennsylvania 1 1 2 2 South Dakota 3 3 3 Tennessee 1 1 1 Texas 7 7 7 Utah 1 1 1 Virginia 1 1 1 Wisconsin 1 1 1 3 3 Total 12 19 11 42 42 
 Since the beginning of 2020, we entered into franchise agreements covering 68 travel centers to be operated under our travel center brand names, with 30 new franchise agreements entered in 2022, reaching our annual target. Five began operations during 2020, two began operations during 2021, and three began operations during 2022, and we expect the remaining 58 to open by the second quarter of 2025. The table below summarizes by state information regarding branding for the remaining 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 franchised travel centers we anticipate beginning operations. Brand Affiliation: TA 
 TA Express Petro Total Alabama 1 1 Arkansas 2 1 3 Arizona 1 2 3 California 3 9 1 13 Colorado 1 2 3 Florida 1 1 Georgia 2 2 Idaho 1 1 Indiana 1 1 2 Kansas 1 1 Mississippi 1 2 3 Missouri 1 1 2 Nebraska 2 2 New Mexico 1 1 Nevada 1 1 North Carolina 1 1 2 Oklahoma 1 3 4 Tennessee 2 1 3 Texas 1 6 7 Washington 1 2 3 Total 22 34 2 58 
 
 TA, TA Express and Petro Franchise Agreements 
 The following is a summary of the material provisions typically included in our TA, TA Express and Petro travel centers franchise agreements. 
 Initial Franchise Fee. Franchisees pay an initial franchise fee for a new TA, TA Express or Petro franchise, with reduced fees for multiple sites. 
 Term of Agreement. The initial term of a franchise agreement is generally 10 years. Our TA, TA Express and Petro franchise agreements generally provide for two five-year renewals on the terms then being offered to prospective franchisees at the time of the franchise renewal. 
 Protected Territory. Under the terms of our franchise agreements for TA and TA Express travel centers, generally we have agreed not to operate, or allow another person to operate, a travel center or travel center business that uses the TA or TA Express brand in a specified territory for that TA or TA Express branded franchised travel center. Under the terms of our franchise agreements for Petro travel centers, generally we have agreed not to operate, or allow another person to operate, a travel center or travel center business that uses the Petro brand in a specified territory for that Petro branded franchised travel center. 
 Restrictive Covenants. Generally our franchisees may not operate any travel center or truck stop related business under a franchise agreement, licensing agreement or marketing plan or system of another person or entity. If the franchisee owns the franchised premises, generally for a two year period after expiration or earlier termination of our franchise agreement the franchisee may not operate the premises under a competitive brand. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Nonfuel Product Offerings. Franchisees are required to operate their travel centers in conformity with guidelines that we establish and offer any products and services that we deem to be a standard product or service in our travel centers. 
 Fuel Purchases and Royalties. Our franchise agreements require the franchisee to pay us a royalty fee per gallon of fuel sold based on sales of certain fuels at the franchised travel center. We also purchase receivables generated by some of our franchisees in connection with sales to common trucking fleet customers through our proprietary billing system on a non-recourse basis in return for a fee. 
 Royalty Payments on Nonfuel Revenues. Franchisees are required to pay us a royalty fee based on a percentage of nonfuel revenues, including on revenues from branded QSRs, in some cases up to a threshold amount, with a lower percentage fee payable on amounts in excess of the threshold amount. 
 Advertising, Promotion and Image Enhancement. Our franchisees are required to make additional payments to us as contributions to the applicable brand wide advertising, marketing and promotional expenses we incur. 
 Termination/Nonrenewal. Generally, we may terminate or refuse to renew a franchise agreement for default by the franchisee. Generally, we may also refuse to renew if we determine that renewal would not be in our economic interest or if the franchisee will not agree to the terms in our then current form of applicable franchise agreement. 
 Rights of First Refusal. During the term of each franchise agreement, we generally have a right of first refusal to purchase the franchised travel center at the price the franchisee is willing to accept from a third party. In addition, some of our franchise agreements give us a right to purchase the franchised travel center for fair market value, as determined by the parties or an independent appraiser, upon expiration or earlier termination of the franchise agreement. 
 Regulatory Environment 
 Environmental Regulation 
 Extensive environmental laws regulate our operations and properties. These laws may require us to investigate and clean up hazardous substances, including petroleum or natural gas products, released at our owned and leased properties. Governmental entities or third parties may hold us liable for property damage and personal injuries, and for investigation, remediation and monitoring costs incurred in connection with any contamination and regulatory compliance at our locations. We use both underground storage tanks and above ground storage tanks to store petroleum products, natural gas and other hazardous substances at our locations. We must comply with environmental laws regarding tank construction, integrity testing, leak detection and monitoring, overfill and spill control, release reporting and financial assurance for corrective action in the event of a release. Investigation and remediation of both surface spills and subsurface releases is handled by contracted third party consultants and managed by our environmental staff. At some locations we must also comply with environmental laws relative to vapor recovery or discharges to water. Under the terms of the SVC Leases, we generally have agreed to indemnify SVC for any environmental liabilities related to properties that we lease from SVC and we are required to pay all environmental related expenses incurred in the operation of the leased properties. We have entered into certain other arrangements in which we have agreed to indemnify third parties for environmental liabilities and expenses resulting from our operations. 
 
 For further information about these and other environmental and climate change matters, see the disclosure under the heading Environmental Contingencies in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report. In addition, for more information about these environmental and weather events and climate change matters and about the risks which may arise as a result, see elsewhere in this Annual Report, including Warning Concerning Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A Risk Factors, and Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis Environmental and Climate Change Matters. 
 Franchise Regulation 
 Subject to certain exemptions, the Federal Trade Commission regulations require that we make extensive disclosure to prospective franchisees and some states require state registration and delivery of specified disclosure documentation to potential franchisees. Some state laws also impose restrictions on our ability to terminate or not renew franchises and impose other limitations on the terms of our franchise relationships or the conduct of our franchise business. The Petroleum Marketing Practices Act imposes special regulations on franchises where petroleum products are offered for sale. Also, a number of states include, within the scope of their petroleum franchising statutes, prohibitions against price discrimination and other allegedly anticompetitive conduct. These provisions supplement applicable federal and state antitrust laws. We believe that we are in compliance with all franchise laws applicable to our business. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Gaming Regulation 
 Because we have gaming operations at some of our travel centers, we and our concerned subsidiaries are currently subject to gaming regulations in Georgia, Illinois, Louisiana, Montana, Nevada, Pennsylvania and West Virginia. Requirements under gaming regulations vary by jurisdiction but include, among other things: 
 findings of suitability by the relevant gaming authorities with respect to, or licensure of, certain of our and our licensed subsidiaries directors, officers and key employees and certain individuals having a material relationship with us or our licensed subsidiaries; 
 findings of suitability by the relevant gaming authorities with respect to certain of our security holders and restrictions on ownership of certain of our securities; 
 prior approval in certain circumstances by the relevant gaming authorities of offerings of our securities; 
 prior approval by the relevant gaming authorities of changes in control of us; and 
 specified reporting requirements. 
 Holders of beneficial interests of our voting securities are subject to licensing or suitability investigations by the relevant gaming authorities under various circumstances including, generally, service on our Board of Directors, the attainment of certain levels of ownership of a class of our voting securities, or involvement in the gaming operations of or influence over us or our licensed subsidiaries. Persons or entities seeking to acquire control of us or our operation of the license are subject to prior investigation by and approval from the relevant gaming authorities. Any beneficial owner of our voting securities, regardless of the number of shares owned, may be required by a relevant gaming authority to file an application and have their suitability reviewed in certain circumstances, including if the gaming authority has reason to believe that such ownership of our voting securities would otherwise be inconsistent with its state s gaming laws. In some jurisdictions, the applicant must pay all costs of investigations incurred in connection with such investigations. Additionally, in the event of a finding by a relevant gaming authority that a person or entity is unsuitable to be an owner of our securities, such person would be prohibited from, among other things, receiving any dividend or interest upon such securities, exercising any voting right conferred through such securities or continuing to hold our securities beyond such period of time as may be prescribed by such gaming authority, managing the licensed business and, in some cases, the stockholders may be required to divest themselves of our voting securities. 
 Certain of our and our subsidiaries directors and officers must also file applications, be investigated and be licensed or found suitable by the relevant gaming authorities in order to hold such positions. In the event of a finding by a relevant gaming authority that a director, officer, key employee or individual with whom we or our licensed subsidiary have a material relationship is unsuitable, we or our licensed subsidiary, as applicable, may be required to sever our relationships with such individual or such individual may be prohibited from serving as our director or officer. 
 Any violations by us or any of our licensed subsidiaries of the gaming regulations to which we are subject could result in fines, penalties (including the limiting, conditioning, suspension or revocation of any licenses held) and criminal actions. Additionally, certain jurisdictions, such as Nevada, empower their regulators to investigate participation by licensees in gaming outside their jurisdiction and require access to periodic reports regarding those gaming activities. Violations of laws in one jurisdiction could result in disciplinary action in other jurisdictions. 
 We have a Gaming Compliance Plan, or the Compliance Plan, as required by the Nevada Gaming Commission in connection with our gaming operations at certain of our travel center locations. In connection with the Compliance Plan, we have a Gaming Compliance Committee, or the Compliance Committee, on which a member of our Audit Committee of the Board of Directors serves as the Board of Directors liaison to the Compliance Committee pursuant to the terms of the Compliance Plan. The Compliance Committee assists us in monitoring activities relating to our continuing qualifications under applicable gaming laws. 
 Seasonality 
 Our sales volumes are generally lower in the first and fourth quarters than the second and third quarters of each year. In the first quarter, the movement of freight by professional truck drivers as well as motorist travel are usually at their lowest levels of the calendar year. In the fourth quarter, freight movement is typically lower due to the holiday season. While our revenues are modestly seasonal, quarterly variations in our operating results may reflect greater seasonal differences as our rent expense and certain other costs do not vary seasonally. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Resources 
 Our core mission is to Return every traveler to the road better than they came. Our five values, Welcoming, Empathetic, Integrity, Openness and Team Player, define the behaviors we expect from our employees. We have a longstanding history of supporting the professional truck drivers who keep the U.S. economy moving and those who have served our country, including both retired and active-duty military. We are committed to supporting the local communities we serve. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 18,500 employees with 5.1 employed at our corporate headquarters and 94.9 across 243 locations throughout the United States. Approximately 81.1 of our field employees were classified as full-time employees and the average tenure of our employees was three years. We are an equal opportunity employer, with all qualified applicants receiving consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, age, marital status, ancestry, sex, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, mental or physical disability, handicap, military service or veteran status, genetic information or membership in any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Diversity and inclusion are an important part of our hiring, retention and development programs. As of December 31, 2022, 45.1 and 37.9 of our employees were female and non-white, respectively, and 43.0 and 29.0 of our Board of Directors were female and non-white, respectively. 
 Our employee engagement, immersion and training initiatives center around our Mission Vision Values. Our recruiting, on-boarding and retention programs and development of on-going training programs currently include the following: 
 National Training Center. We maintain a national training center in Lodi, Ohio where we host educational programs to develop employees by teaching new skills and relevant technological changes. 
 Manager in Training Program. This training program assists non-management and new management employees in learning the skills and experience to help enable them to advance their career and benefit our business and operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 306 field employees were promoted from non-manager to management level positions. 
 Healthy Journeys Wellness Plan. We value the health and well-being of all our employees. For this reason, we offer the Healthy Journeys Wellness Program to help eligible employees and their spouses manage their health while controlling their family s healthcare costs. The program includes many resources to support wellness, including online health courses and a smoking cessation program. 
 Educational Assistance Plan. Eligible employees can participate in TA s Educational Assistance Plan for tuition reimbursement. We pay up to 75.0 of the cost of tuition and certain fees for any approved course taken by a regular full-time employee at an accredited high school, university or college, trade, business or correspondence school. Eligible truck service technicians who graduated from a certified technical school and have education related loan repayment obligations can also earn funds to repay their loan. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We own the Petro Stopping Center name and related trademarks and various trade names used in our business including TA Truck Service Emergency Roadside Assistance , TA Truck Service Mobile Maintenance , UltraOne , Iron Skillet , Reserve-It! , eShop and others. We have the right to use the TA , TA Express , TravelCenters of America , TA Commercial Tire Network , Country Pride and certain other trademarks, which are owned by SVC, during the term of each TA Lease. We also license certain trademarks used in the operation of certain of our restaurants. We believe that these trademarks are important to our business, but that they could be replaced with alternative trademarks without significant disruption in our business except for the cost of such changes, which may be significant. We sold the Quaker Steak Lube name and trademark as part of the sale of our QSL business on April 21, 2021. 
 Internet Websites 
 Our internet website address is www.ta-petro.com. Copies of our governance guidelines, our code of business conduct and ethics, our insider trading policy and the charters of our audit, compensation and nominating and governance committees are posted on our website at www.ta-petro.com and also may be obtained free of charge by writing to our Secretary, TravelCenters of America Inc., Two Newton Place, 255 Washington Street, Suite 300, Newton, Massachusetts 02458-1634. We also have a policy outlining procedures for handling concerns or complaints about accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and a governance hotline accessible on our website that stockholders can use to report concerns or complaints about accounting, internal controls or auditing matters or violations or possible violations of our code of business conduct and ethics. We make available, free of charge, through the Investors section of our website at www.ta-petro.com, our Annual Reports on 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after these forms are filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Any material we file with, or furnish to, the SEC is also maintained on the SEC website (www.sec.gov). Security holders may send communications to our Board of Directors or individual Directors by writing to the party for whom the communication is intended at c/o Secretary, TravelCenters of America Inc., Two Newton Place, 255 Washington Street, Suite 300, Newton, Massachusetts 02458-1634 or by email at secretary@ta-petro.com. Our website addresses are included several times in this Annual Report as textual references only. The information on or accessible through our websites is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or other documents we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. We intend to use our websites as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Those disclosures will be included on our website at www.ta-petro.com in the Investors section. Accordingly, investors should monitor our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. The following is a summary of the principal risk factors described in this section: 
 Failure to consummate the Merger could negatively impact the price of our capital stock and our future business and financial results; 
 The timing of the completion of the Merger is not certain, and is subject to certain conditions, some of which we and BP cannot control, which could result in the Merger not being consummated or being consummated later than we believe it will occur, either of which could negatively impact our share price and our future business and operating results; 
 The Merger Agreement contains provisions that restrict our ability to pursue alternatives to the Merger and, in specified circumstances, could require us to pay BP a termination fee; 
 While the Merger is pending, we are subject to customary contractual restrictions regarding any non-ordinary course operation of our business or the business of our subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time which could adversely affect our business; 
 
 We could be adversely impacted by the effects of inflation, rising and sustained high interest rates, capital market volatility, geopolitical instability and other economic conditions; 
 Our net operating margin is low; 
 Increasing motor vehicle fuel efficiency, fuel conservation practices and adoption of alternative fuels or energy sources, may lead customers to purchase less fuel and visit our travel centers less frequently; 
 Increased fuel prices, fuel price volatility or an interruption in our fuel supply may adversely affect our results; 
 There is limited competition among fuel card providers, which may adversely affect our ability to negotiate fees and increase prices to offset expenses; 
 Our financial results are dependent on the demand for trucking services in the United States, which may decline if the U.S economy declines; 
 A large percentage of our revenue is concentrated in a few large customers; 
 Additional environmental regulations and market reaction to climate change concerns may decrease the demand for diesel fuel, and our compliance with such regulations and attempts to respond to those concerns may be expensive; 
 We have substantial combined indebtedness and fixed rent obligations; 
 We may be subject to increases in our interest rates, as well as adverse changes in fiscal policies and credit conditions; 
 Any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security breach of our information technology could harm our business; 
 Compliance with data privacy and security laws may be expensive; 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Our labor costs cannot easily be reduced and inflationary pressures and the passage of minimum wage laws, health insurance requirements or similar legislation will likely cause costs to rise; 
 Our insurance may not adequately cover our potential losses; 
 Supply chain challenges and U.S. trade policies may negatively affect our business; 
 Third party expectations relating to environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks; 
 We may not be able to execute or fund our business and growth strategies; 
 Acquisitions or development projects may be more difficult, time consuming or costly than anticipated and the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions and projects may not be realized; 
 Provisions in our charter, bylaws, material agreements, licenses, and permits may prevent or delay a change in our control; and 
 Our stock has experienced significant price and trading volume volatility and may continue to do so. 
 Our business faces many risks. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer and the market prices of our equity or debt securities could decline. Investors and prospective investors should carefully consider the following risks, the risks referred to elsewhere in this Annual Report and the information contained under the heading "Warning Concerning Forward-Looking Statements before deciding whether to invest in our securities. 
 Risks Related to the Proposed Merger 
 Failure to consummate the Merger could negatively impact the price of our common stock and our future business and financial results. 
 The consummation of the Merger may be later than we believe it will occur, may be consummated on terms different than those contemplated by the Merger Agreement, or may not be consummated at all. Failure to consummate the Merger would prevent our stockholders from realizing the anticipated benefits of the Merger. In addition, the consideration offered by BP reflects a valuation of the Company significantly in excess of the price at which our common stock was trading prior to the public announcement of our entry into the Merger Agreement. The current market price of our common stock may reflect a market assumption that the Merger will occur, and a failure to consummate the Merger could result in a significant decline in the market price of our common stock and a negative perception of us generally. 
 
 The timing of the completion of the Merger is not certain, and is subject to certain conditions, some of which we cannot control, which could result in the Merger not being consummated or being consummated later than we believe it will occur, which could negatively impact the share price and future business and operating results of the Company. 
 
 Completion of the Merger is subject to several conditions, not all of which are controllable by us and include, among other things, (i) receipt by us of the Company Stockholder Approval, (ii) that there is no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other judgment issued by any court of competent jurisdiction in effect enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, (iii) the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period (or extension thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and all other approvals under antitrust laws, (iv) the accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement (subject to specified materiality qualifiers), (v) compliance with the covenants and obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects, (vi) the absence of a material adverse effect with respect to the Company and (vii) the execution, release and delivery of the Consent and Amendment Agreement and all agreements entered into pursuant thereto. Accordingly, if any of the conditions to completing the Merger are not satisfied or waived in a timely manner, the Merger could be consummated later than we believe it will occur or, if the conditions are not satisfied or waived at all, the Merger may not occur, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock and the results of our operations. 
 
 The Merger Agreement contains provisions that restrict our ability to pursue alternatives to the Merger and, in specified circumstances, could require us to pay BP a termination fee. 
 The Merger Agreement includes a covenant requiring us not to solicit any acquisition proposal, and subject to certain exceptions, not to enter into or participate or engage in any discussions or negotiations with, related to an acquisition proposal or enter into any letter of intent, acquisition agreement or other similar agreement relating to an acquisition proposal. Further, our board of directors will not withhold, withdraw, amend or modify, or publicly propose to do any of the foregoing, its 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 recommendation in a manner adverse to BP, adopt, approve or recommend to our stockholders an acquisition proposal, fail to reaffirm its recommendation within ten business days following BP s written request, fail to recommend against acceptance of a tender or exchange offer for shares of our common stock within ten business days after the commencement thereof, nor fail to include its recommendation in the Proxy Statement. Notwithstanding these restrictions, at any time prior to obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval, if we have received a written, bona fide , unsolicited acquisition proposal from any third party (or a group of third parties) that our board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel, constitutes or could reasonably be expected to lead to a superior proposal, and the failure to take the following actions would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its duties under applicable law, then we, directly or indirectly through certain specified representatives, may, subject to certain conditions, engage in discussions with such third party and furnish to such third party non-public information relating to us or any of our Subsidiaries pursuant to an acceptable confidentiality agreement. Further, at any time prior to obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval, in respect to a superior proposal we received after the date of the Merger Agreement on an unsolicited basis, if our board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with its financial advisors and outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would be reasonably expected to be inconsistent with its duties under applicable law, our board of directors may, subject to compliance with certain conditions, (i) make an Adverse Recommendation Change (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or (ii) cause us to terminate the Merger Agreement in compliance with the terms of the Merger Agreement in order to enter into a binding written definitive agreement providing for such superior proposal. The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for each of us and BP. Upon termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, under certain specified circumstances, we will be required to pay BP a termination fee in an amount equal to 51.9 million, including if the Merger Agreement is terminated due to the Company accepting an unsolicited superior proposal or due to the Board changing its recommendation to the Company s stockholders to vote to approve the Merger Agreement. 
 
 While the Merger is pending, we are subject to customary contractual restrictions which could adversely affect our business. 
 We have agreed to customary covenants regarding the operation of our business and the business of our subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time. The Merger Agreement restricts us from entering into certain corporate transactions, entering into certain material contracts, making certain changes to our capital budget, incurring certain indebtedness and taking other specified actions without the consent of BP, and generally requires us to continue our operations in the ordinary course of business during the pendency of the Merger. These restrictions may prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities or adjusting our capital plan prior to the completion of the Merger. 
 
 We have and continue to incur substantial transaction-related costs in connection with the Merger. If the Merger does not occur, we will not benefit from these costs. 
 We may incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with the completion of the Merger, which could be substantial. Nonrecurring transaction costs include, but are not limited to, fees paid to legal, financial and accounting advisors. If the Merger does not occur in a timely manner or at all, we will not benefit from these costs. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 We could be adversely impacted by the effects of inflation, rising and sustained high interest rates, supply chain conditions, capital market volatility and an economic recession or downturn. 
 The global economy is experiencing historically high rates of inflation and market and economic volatility, resulting from a number of factors, including rising interest rates, the war between Russia and Ukraine and supply chain constraints. These conditions have increased our costs for fuel, labor, materials, food, utilities and other goods and services. We may not be able to successfully pass these cost increases to our customers and those cost increases we do pass through may result in declines in transactions at our travel centers and other declines in demand for our service offerings or a reduction in their growth. In addition, the current market conditions have caused volatility in the capital markets, which may increase our cost of capital or prevent us from raising capital if we desire or need to do so and may have adverse impacts on our customers businesses and ability and willingness to pay for our services. Further, there are market concerns that the United States economy may be in or soon enter a recession. Economic recessions typically result in a reduction in transporting of goods and trucking activity, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations in the future if they continue or worsen. 
 Our net operating margin is low. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Our net operating margin is low. Fuel sales comprise the majority of our revenues and generate low gross margin percentages. A small percentage decline in our future revenues or increase in our future costs, especially revenues and costs related to fuel, may cause our profits to decline or us to incur losses. Fuel pricing is volatile and we may not succeed in increasing or maintaining our fuel cents per gallon margin. In addition, inflation and other conditions may increase our nonfuel costs and we may not be able to pass those cost increases to customers timely or at all. Further, shifts in customer demand for our products and services and related shifts in sales mix could cause our operating margins to narrow and us to incur losses. 
 Increasing motor vehicle engine fuel efficiency, fuel conservation practices and adoption of alternative fuels or energy sources may adversely impact our business. 
 An important part of our business is the sale of motor fuel. Truck and other vehicle manufacturers and our customers continue to focus on ways to improve motor vehicle fuel efficiency and conserve fuel, including aerodynamic drag reduction, vehicle monitoring and fuel additives. In addition, advances in alternative fuel technologies and energy sources, such as electric motor technologies that propel a vehicle without an engine, results in lack of demand for diesel fuel. Other technologies becoming commercially available include hybrid electric-diesel/gasoline engines and hydrogen powered vehicles, which may lead to greater adoption by the trucking industry and other motorists. Government regulation may further encourage or require the improved fuel efficiency of motor vehicle engines, other fuel conservation practices and alternative fuels or energy sources. If our customers purchase less motor fuel because their trucks or other vehicles operate more fuel efficiently or use alternative fuels or energy sources, our financial results may decline and we may incur losses unless we are able to offset the declines by providing alternative fuels and other products or services, gaining market share, increasing our gross margins per gallon of fuel sold or reducing our operating costs. It is unclear whether we will be able to operate our travel centers profitably if the amount of motor fuels used by the U.S. trucking industry or other motorists declines materially. 
 Another significant part of our business is the sale of nonfuel products and services to drivers who visit our locations, often in connection with purchasing fuel. If customers require fewer stops to refuel due to the technological innovations described above or driverless motor vehicle technologies result in fewer individual drivers on the U.S. interstate highways, our customer traffic and sales of nonfuel products may decline. Such reductions may materially and adversely affect our sales and our business. 
 Fuel price increases and fuel price volatility could negatively affect our business. 
 Fuel prices have historically been volatile. Fuel prices are subject to the worldwide petroleum products supply chain, which historically has experienced price and supply volatility as a result of, among other things, severe weather, terrorism, political crises, military actions and variations in demand and perceived and/or real impacts on supply that are often the result of changes in the macroeconomic environment. Further, market responses to those factors have at times also exacerbated fuel price volatility. Increasing fuel prices and fuel price volatility have several adverse impacts upon our business. First, high fuel prices result in higher truck shipping costs. This causes shippers to consider alternative means for transporting freight, which reduces trucking business and, in turn, reduces our business. Second, high fuel prices cause our trucking customers to seek cost savings throughout their businesses. This has resulted in many of our customers implementing measures to conserve fuel, including purchasing trucks that have more fuel efficient engines, employing alternative fuel or other technologies, lowering maximum driving speeds and employing other practices to conserve fuel, such as truck platooning and reduced truck engine idling, which measures reduce total fuel consumption and in turn reduce our fuel sales volume. Third, higher fuel prices may result in less disposable income for our customers to purchase our nonfuel products and services. Fourth, higher fuel commodity prices increase the working capital needed to maintain our fuel inventory and receivables, which increases our costs of doing business. Further, increases in fuel commodity prices may place us at a cost disadvantage to our competitors that may have larger fuel inventory or are able to realize greater fuel volume purchasing discounts or execute forward contracts during periods of lower fuel prices. If fuel commodity prices increase, our business and financial results may be negatively impacted. 
 An interruption in our fuel supplies would materially adversely affect our business. 
 We generally maintain limited fuel inventory. Accordingly, an interruption in our fuel supplies would adversely affect our business. Interruptions in fuel supplies may be caused by local conditions, such as a malfunction in a particular pipeline or terminal, by weather related events, such as hurricanes in the areas where petroleum or natural gas is extracted or refined, by national or international conditions, such as government rationing, strategic decisions by major oil producing nations and cartels, acts of terrorism or wars, such as the war between Russia and Ukraine and the subsequent trade restrictions on Russian oil, or by cybersecurity attacks, such as the ransomware attack on the Colonial Pipeline in 2021. Further, there have been reports of reduced investment in oil exploration and production as a result of concerns about decreased demand for oil in response to market and governmental factors, including increased demand for alternative energy sources in response to global 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 climate change. Our fuel suppliers may fail to provide us with fuel due to these or other reasons. Any limitation in available fuel supplies or on the fuel we can offer for sale may cause our profits to decline or us to experience losses. 
 Limited competition among third party fuel card companies could adversely affect our business. 
 Limited competition in the fuel card industry and the increasing dependence of trucking companies on their fuel card providers could adversely affect our business. Most of our trucking customers use fuel cards issued by third party fuel card companies to purchase fuel from us. The fuel card industry has only two significant participants, Comdata and WEX, and we cannot easily substitute an alternative fuel card for trucking companies to use to acquire fuel at our locations. We believe almost all trucking companies use only a single fuel card provider with which they have a direct negotiated contractual relationship and trucking companies have become increasingly dependent upon the data, reports and other services provided by their respective fuel card provider to manage their fleets and simplify their data processing. Any effort to convince trucking companies to use an alternative card including TA's new private label card (which is underwritten and managed by WEX) at our locations requires significant time, expense and coordination with the provider of that alternative card, and may not be successful. Our agreements with Comdata and WEX may be terminated in certain circumstances and we may not be able to renew our agreements or enter into new agreements with them. Further, any renewal or new agreement we may enter with either of them may be on terms that are materially less favorable to us than our current agreements with them. If we are required to pay increased fees to Comdata or WEX under any renewed or new agreement we may enter with them, we may not be able to recover the increased expense through higher prices to customers, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our financial results are affected by U.S. trucking industry economic conditions. 
 The trucking industry is the primary customer for our products and services. Demand for trucking services in the United States generally reflects the amount of commercial activity in the U.S. economy, and can decline for a number of reasons, including inflation, increasing or sustained high interest rates, economic recession, downturns in business cycles of our customers and other economic factors beyond our control. When the U.S. economy declines, demand for goods moved by trucks usually declines, and in turn demand for our products and services typically declines, which could significantly harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. 
 We believe that large trucking fleets and long haul trucking fleets tend to purchase the majority of their fuel from us or our largest competitors at travel centers and truck stops that are located at or near interstate highway exits. Based on the number of locations, Pilot and Love s are our largest competitors. They may have greater financial and other resources than we do, which may facilitate their ability to compete more effectively. Additionally, certain of our competitors have a more vertically integrated fuel purchasing and distribution system than we do, which could also facilitate their ability to compete more effectively. Increased competition between the major competitors in the travel center and truck stop business could result in a reduction of our gross margins or an increase in our expenses or capital improvement costs, which could negatively affect our profitability and our liquidity. We believe that, in recent years, both Pilot and Love s, added more travel centers to their networks than we added to our network, and in some cases, competition from their new sites may have negatively impacted our unit results. 
 Further, the truck repair and maintenance service industry is highly competitive. Such services can be obtained by trucking companies and truck drivers from a variety of sources, including national and regional truck repair and maintenance facilities and roadside assistance fleets, full service travel centers, truck stop chains, fleet maintenance terminals, independent garages, truck and commercial tire dealerships, truck quick lube facilities and other parts and service centers. In addition, some trucking companies operate their own terminals to provide repair and maintenance services to their own trucking fleets and drivers. Pilot and Love s have increased their respective numbers of truck repair and maintenance facilities and their roadside assistance fleets over the past several years and, should this trend continue, our competitive position could be weakened. Some of our competitors in the truck repair and maintenance service business may have more resources or lower costs than we do and may have vertically integrated businesses, which may provide them competitive advantages. We also compete for qualified personnel. For instance, the entire truck repair and maintenance service industry faces challenges related to recruiting and training technicians, which amplifies these competitive pressures and has impacted our ability to grow. 
 We also face competition from restaurants in the quick service and casual dining segments of the restaurant industry. These segments are highly competitive and fragmented. Our competition includes a variety of locally owned restaurants and national and regional chains offering dine-in, carry-out, delivery and catering services. Many of our competitors have existed longer than we have and have a more established market presence with substantially greater financial, marketing, personnel and other 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 resources than we do. Among our competitors are a number of multi-unit, multi-market, fast casual restaurant concepts, some of which are expanding nationally. These competitors may have, among other things, more attractive national brands, lower operating costs, better locations, facilities or management, more effective marketing and more efficient operations. Our inability to compete effectively could reduce customer traffic and sales at our locations and may prevent us from sustaining or increasing our revenue or improving our profitability. 
 We are dependent upon certain customers for a significant portion of our truck service revenue, and the loss of, or significant reduction in services to, these customers would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 In truck service, we have concentrations of revenue with certain large customers, although no single customer represents more than 10 of our consolidated total revenues. We expect customer concentrations in truck services to continue for the foreseeable future. The loss of large customers or a significant reduction in sales to them could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Government and market actions in response to concerns about climate change may decrease demand for diesel fuel and require us to make significant changes to our business and to make significant capital or other expenditures. 
 Governmental actions, including legislation, regulations, treaties and commitments, such as those seeking to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and market actions in response to concerns about climate change may decrease the demand for our major product, diesel fuel, and may require us to make significant capital or other expenditures related to alternative energy distribution or other changing fuel conservation practices. Federal and state governments require manufacturers to limit emissions from trucks and other motor vehicles, such as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency s, or the EPA s, gasoline and diesel sulfur control requirements that limit the concentration of sulfur in motor fuel. Further, legislative and regulatory initiatives requiring increased truck fuel efficiency have accelerated in the United States and these mandates have and may continue to result in decreased demand for diesel fuel. For example, in April 2022, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration announced more stringent fuel efficiency standards for passenger cars and light duty trucks and has indicated its intent to develop new fuel efficiency standards for medium and heavy duty trucks. In addition, the California Air Resources Board and other similar state government agencies routinely consider rulemaking activity the purpose of which is to improve fuel efficiency and limit pollution from vehicles. Moreover, market concerns regarding climate change may result in decreased demand for fossil fuels and increased adoption of higher efficiency fuel technologies and alternative energy sources. Regulations that limit, or market demands to reduce, carbon emissions may cause our costs at our locations to significantly increase, make some of our locations obsolete or competitively disadvantaged, or require us to make material investments in our properties. For example, we have installed electric charging capacity at one of our travel centers and expect to install them at additional travel centers and we are also preparing to offer hydrogen dispensing as another alternative fuel offering at certain of our travel centers. 
 Our storage and dispensing of petroleum products, waste and other hazardous substances create the potential for environmental damage, and compliance with environmental laws is often expensive. 
 Our business is subject to laws relating to the protection of the environment. The locations we operate include fueling areas, truck repair and maintenance facilities and tanks for the storage and dispensing of petroleum products, waste and other hazardous substances, all of which create the potential for environmental damage. Environmental laws expose us to the possibility that we may become liable to reimburse third parties for damages and costs they incur in connection with environmental hazards or become liable for fines and penalties for failure to comply with environmental laws. We cannot predict what environmental legislation or regulations may be enacted or how existing laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted with respect to our products or activities in the future; more stringent laws, more vigorous enforcement policies or stricter interpretation of existing laws in the future could cause us to expend significant amounts or experience losses. 
 Under the leases between us and SVC, we generally have agreed to indemnify SVC from environmental liabilities it may incur arising at any of the properties we lease from SVC. Although we maintain insurance policies that cover our environmental liabilities, that coverage may not adequately cover liabilities we may incur. To the extent we incur material amounts for environmental matters for which we do not receive insurance or other third party reimbursement or for which we have not recognized a liability in prior years, our operating results may be materially adversely affected. In addition, to the extent we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations, or we become subject to costs and requirements not similarly experienced by our competitors, our competitive position may be harmed. Also, to the extent we are or become obligated to fund any such liabilities, such funding obligation could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial position. 
 We have a substantial amount of combined indebtedness and rent obligations, which could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Our indebtedness and rent obligations are substantial. The terms of our SVC Leases require us to pay all of our operating costs and generally fixed amounts of rent. During periods of business decline, our revenues and gross margins may decrease but our minimum rents due to SVC and the interest payable on our fixed rate debt will not nor may certain of our other fixed costs be easily or practically reduced. A decline in our revenues or an increase in our expenses may make it difficult or impossible for us to make payments of interest and principal on our debt or meet our rent obligations and could limit our ability to obtain financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, refinancing, lease obligations or other purposes. Our substantial indebtedness and rent obligations may also increase our vulnerability to adverse economic, market and industry conditions, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business operations or to our industry overall, and place us at a disadvantage in relation to competitors that have lower relative debt levels. If we default under our SVC Leases, we may be unable to continue our business. Any or all of the above events and factors could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We rely upon trade creditors for a significant amount of our working capital and the availability of alternative sources of financing may be limited. 
 Our fuel purchases are our largest operating cost. Historically, we have paid for our fuel purchases after delivery. In the past, as our fuel costs increased with the increase in commodity market prices, some of our fuel suppliers were unwilling to adjust the amounts of our available trade credit to accommodate the increased costs of the fuel volume that we purchased. Also, our historical financial results and general U.S. economic conditions may cause some fuel suppliers to request letters of credit or other forms of security for our purchases. We cannot predict how high or low fuel prices may be in the future, or to what extent our trade creditors will be willing to adjust the amounts of our available trade credit to accommodate increased fuel costs. Fuel commodity prices significantly impact our working capital requirements, and the unavailability of sufficient amounts of trade credit or alternative sources of financing to meet our working capital requirements could materially adversely affect our business. 
 Our business may be adversely impacted by a material increase in interest rates, including changes resulting from the future phase out of LIBOR, and adverse changes in fiscal policy or credit market conditions. 
 In an effort to combat rising inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised the federal funds rates multiple times since the beginning of 2022 and may continue to increase rates in 2023. Increases in the federal funds rate cause interest rates and borrowing costs to rise. Material increases in interest rates or market reactions to these increases, or anticipated increases, may have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, LIBOR was recently phased out for new contracts and will be replaced for pre-existing contracts by June 30, 2023. The interest rate on our Credit Facility and our 200,000 Term Loan Facility, or Term Loan Facility is based on LIBOR. We currently expect that the determination of interest under certain of our credit agreements would be based on the alternative rates provided under those credit agreements or would be revised to provide for an interest rate that approximates the existing interest rate as calculated in accordance with LIBOR. Despite our current expectations, we cannot be certain that, when LIBOR is transitioned, the changes to the determination of interest under our credit agreements would approximate the current calculation in accordance with LIBOR. An alternative interest rate index that may replace LIBOR may result in our paying increased interest. 
 Our credit agreements impose restrictive covenants on us, and a default under the agreements relating to those credit agreements or under our indenture governing our Senior Notes could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Our Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility agreements require us and our subsidiaries, among other obligations, to maintain specified financial ratios under certain circumstances and to satisfy certain financial tests. In addition, our Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility agreements restrict, under certain circumstances, among other things, our ability to incur debt and liens, make certain investments and pay dividends and other distributions including, under certain circumstances, payments on our 2028 Senior Notes, our 2029 Senior Notes and our 2030 Senior Notes, which we refer to collectively as our Senior Notes. Under certain circumstances, we are required to seek permission from the lenders under our Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility agreements to engage in specified corporate actions. 
 Various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these covenants. Failure to comply with these covenants, or similar covenants contained in future financing agreements, could result in a default under our Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility agreements, indenture and other agreements containing cross default provisions, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. A default could permit lenders or holders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under these agreements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing the debt and to terminate any commitments to lend. Under these circumstances, we might 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations, including our obligations under the Senior Notes. In addition, a default under our Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility agreements or indenture would also constitute a default under the SVC Leases due to cross default provisions in the SVC Leases. Further, the limitations imposed by financing agreements on our ability to incur additional debt and to take other actions might significantly impair our ability to obtain other financing. If our indebtedness were to be accelerated, our assets may not be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full. In such circumstances, we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation and, as a result, investors could lose their investment in our securities. 
 Our use of joint ventures may limit our flexibility with jointly owned investments. 
 We are party to certain joint ventures with unrelated third parties and we may in the future acquire, develop or recapitalize properties in joint ventures or enter into other types of joint ventures, with other persons or entities. In addition, we may choose to exit any joint venture arrangement we are party to. Our participation in these joint ventures is subject to risks, including the following: 
 we share approval rights over major decisions affecting the ownership or operation of the joint venture; 
 
 we may be required to contribute additional capital if the joint ventures needs additional capital or if other parties to the joint ventures fail to fund their share of any required capital contributions; 
 
 other parties to our joint ventures may have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals; 
 
 other parties to our joint ventures may be subject to different laws or regulations than us, or may be structured differently than us for tax purposes, which could create conflicts of interest; 
 
 our ability to sell the interest on advantageous terms when we so desire may be limited or restricted under the terms of the applicable joint venture agreements; and 
 
 disagreements with other parties to our joint ventures could result in litigation or arbitration that could be expensive and distracting to management and could delay important decisions. 
 
 Any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of information technology could harm our business. 
 We rely on IT systems, including the internet and cloud-based infrastructures, to process, transmit and store electronic information. We purchase some of the IT systems we use from vendors on whom our IT systems materially depend and we may also internally develop some of our IT systems. We rely on commercially available and proprietary IT systems, software, tools and monitoring to maintain and enhance the operational functioning of our IT systems and to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential customer information, such as payment card and credit information. 
 In addition, the IT systems we use for transmission and approval of payment card transactions, and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, may put payment card data at risk, and some of these IT systems are determined and controlled by the payment card suppliers, who may be prone to cyber attacks, data breaches and payment frauds, and not by us. Although we take various actions to protect and maintain the operational functioning and security of the IT systems we use and the data processed and maintained in them, it is possible that we could have a failure, disruption and loss of data and our operational and security measures will not prevent the improper functioning of or damage to the IT systems we use, or the improper access to such IT systems or disclosure of personally identifiable or confidential information, such as in the event of a cyberattack. Security breaches, including physical or electronic break ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar breaches, can create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. Flexible working arrangements at our corporate offices, including remote working increased as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and those arrangements are largely continuing. This and other possible changing work practices have adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our ability to maintain the security, proper function and availability of our information technology and systems since remote working by our employees could strain our technology resources and introduce operational risk, including heightened cybersecurity risk. Remote working environments may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks, including phishing and social engineering attempts that have sought, and may seek, to exploit remote working environments. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Any compromise or breach of our or our provider s IT systems could cause material interruptions in our operations, damage our reputation, require significant expenditures to determine the severity and scope of the breach and to remedy it, subject us to material liability claims, material claims of banks and payment card companies or regulatory penalties, reduce our customers willingness to conduct business with us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, banks and payment card companies continue to adopt new technologies to mitigate the risk of cyberattacks, data breaches and fraud and, if we do not adopt these new technologies by the deadlines set by the banks and payment card companies, those companies may not pay us for fraudulent transactions occurring at our locations with those companies cards or may otherwise penalize us. 
 We may incur significant costs to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to data protection laws and regulations, including state security breach notification laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, which govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of personal information. Compliance with such laws may require us to incur significant costs, and the failure to comply with such laws could result in legal or reputational risk, as well as significant penalties and sanctions. 
 A significant amount of our sales are by credit or debit cards. We may experience security breaches in which personal information that we process or maintain, which may include credit and debit card information, is stolen or exposed, and our business operations may be impacted if our systems are not able to process such information due to a cyberattack, ransomware or other system failure. We may in the future become subject to claims for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising out of the actual or alleged theft or unauthorized disclosure of such information, and we may also be subject to lawsuits or other proceedings relating to these types of incidents. Any such claim or proceeding could cause us to incur significant expenses and liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Many of our labor costs cannot be easily reduced without adversely affecting our business. 
 
 To maintain and manage our operations requires certain minimum staffing levels to operate our travel centers 24 hours per day, 365 days per year, and we attempt to manage our staffing to avoid excess, unused capacity. As a result, it may be difficult for us to affect future reductions in our staff without adversely affecting our business prospects. Further, inflationary pressures as well as passage of federal and state legislation, such as minimum wage increases and health insurance requirements, have increased our labor costs and we expect they may continue to do so and may further increase if, for example, legislation is enacted that further increases the minimum wage and health insurance requirements or other costs of our business. Certain aspects of our business require higher skilled personnel, such as truck service technicians. Hiring, training and maintaining higher skilled personnel can be costly, especially if turnover is high. Further, as we grow our business, particularly the aspects of our business that require higher skilled personnel, or significant market changes occur, such as those that arose during the COVID-19 pandemic and which have continued, we have experienced difficulty with staffing those positions with qualified personnel and we may continue to do so. These staffing challenges have resulted in increased costs to attract and attempt to retain staff, particularly highly skilled personnel, and we expect these staffing and cost pressures to continue for at least the near term. Also, certain opportunities for sales may be lost if staffing levels are reduced too much or if we are unable to maintain a sufficient number of highly skilled employees. If this growth is stalled, takes longer to achieve or is not realized, our operating results and cash flows will be adversely impacted. In addition, costs for health care and other benefits, due to regulation, market factors or otherwise, may further increase our labor costs. 
 Supply chain challenges and changes in U.S. trade policies could reduce the volume of imported goods into the United States and other movement of goods in the United States, which may materially reduce truck freight volume in the United States and our sales. 
 The global economy, including the U.S. economy, has experienced supply chain challenges that arose during the COVID-19 pandemic and have continued to various degrees, which has, at times, negatively impacted the flow of goods in the United States. The federal government has from time to time taken certain actions that impacted U.S. trade, including entering into trade agreements imposing tariffs on certain goods imported into the United States and imposing, or threatening to impose, punitive trade measures on other nations. For instance, in response to Russia s invasion of Ukraine, global economic sanctions have been imposed on Russia by the U.S. and the European Union, among others. The war between Russia and Ukraine, and the escalating geopolitical tensions resulting from such conflict, have resulted and may continue to result in sanctions, tariffs, and import-export restriction which, when combined with any retaliatory actions that have been and may be taken by Russia, could cause further inflationary pressures and economic supply chain disruptions. Changes in U.S. trade policy could trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries, resulting in trade wars, in increased costs for goods imported into the United States, 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 which may reduce customer demand for these products if the parties having to pay those tariffs increase their prices, or in trading partners limiting their trade with the United States. 
 Further, market reactions to concerns about supply chain challenges and dependability and geopolitical tensions could result in an increase of onshoring manufacturing and production to locations closer to where the products are consumed. If these consequences are realized, the volume of economic activity in the United States, including trucking freight volume and demand for our nonfuel products, may be materially reduced. Such a reduction may materially and adversely affect our sales and our business. Further, the realization of these matters may increase our cost of goods and, if those costs cannot be passed on to our customers without adversely affecting demand, our business and profits may be materially and adversely affected. 
 The trucking industry may fail to satisfy market demands for transporting goods or market participants may choose other means to transport goods. 
 The trucking industry has been experiencing a shortage of qualified truck drivers and trucks. Further, increased regulations on the activities of truck drivers and trucking companies, including increased monitoring and enforcement of the number of hours truck drivers may operate a truck each day, and other matters have limited the ability of trucking companies to satisfy market demands for transporting goods. In addition, other means of transporting goods besides by truck are available, and new means of transportation may be developed. For example, there have been general news reports of other means of transportation being increasingly explored, such as light rail, airplanes and drones. If the trucking industry is unable to satisfy market demands for transporting goods or if the use of other means of transporting goods increases, the trucking industry may experience reduced business, which would negatively affect our business, results of operations and liquidity. 
 Insurance may not adequately cover our losses. 
 We maintain insurance coverage for our properties, including for casualty, liability, fire, extended coverage and business interruption loss insurance. We are responsible for obtaining and paying for insurance for the travel center properties that we lease from SVC in accordance with the terms of our SVC Leases. We also require our franchisees to maintain insurance. Insurance costs can be volatile and increases in these costs could have an adverse effect on us. Losses of a catastrophic nature, such as those caused by hurricanes, flooding and earthquakes, or losses from terrorism, may be covered by insurance policies with limitations such as large deductibles or co-payments that we or a franchisee may not be able to pay. Insurance proceeds may not be adequate to restore an affected property to its condition prior to a loss or to compensate us for our losses, including lost revenues or other costs. Similarly, our other insurance, including our general liability insurance, may not provide adequate insurance to cover our losses. Further, we cannot be certain that certain types of risks that are currently insurable will continue to be insurable on an economically feasible basis, and, in the future, we may discontinue certain insurance coverage on some or all of our properties that we own or are otherwise not obligated to maintain pursuant to agreements with third parties, if the cost of premiums for any of these policies in our judgment exceeds the value of the coverage discounted for the loss. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs, we may have to incur uninsured costs to mitigate such losses or lose all or a portion of the capital invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property. We might also remain obligated for any financial obligations related to the property, even if the property is irreparably damaged. In addition, future changes in the insurance industry s risk assessment approach and pricing structure could further increase the cost of insuring our properties or decrease the scope of insurance coverage, either of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 Privatization of toll roads or of rest areas may negatively affect our business. 
 Some states have privatized or are considering privatizing their publicly owned highway rest areas. If publicly owned rest areas along highways are privatized and converted to travel centers in the proximity of some of our locations, our business at those locations may decline and we may experience losses. Similarly, some states have privatized their toll roads that are part of the interstate highway system. We believe it is likely that tolls will increase on privatized highways. In addition, some states may increase tolls for their own account. If tolls are introduced or increased on highways in the proximity of our locations, our business at those travel centers may decline because truck drivers and motorists may seek alternative routes. 
 Unfavorable publicity could negatively affect our results of operations as well as our future business. 
 We operate our travel centers and standalone restaurants under a small number of brand names. We sell gasoline under brands we do not own at most of our locations, many of our locations have QSRs that operate under brands we do not own and some locations have FSRs that operate under brands we do not own. In addition, we resell numerous other products we obtain from third parties. If we or the companies or brands associated with our products and offerings become associated with negative publicity, including as a result of customer or employee complaints, our customers may avoid purchasing our products and 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 offerings at our locations because of our association with the particular company or brand. The use of social media by our customers, employees or other individuals to make negative statements about our products, offerings, service, brands or other matters associated with us could quickly damage our reputation and negatively impact our revenues, and we may not be able to quickly and effectively address or counter the negative publicity. As noted elsewhere in this Annual Report, the control we may exercise over our franchisees is limited. Negative publicity or reputational damage relating to any of our franchisees may be imputed to our entire company and business. If we were to experience these or other instances of negative publicity or reputational damage, our sales and results of operations may be harmed. 
 Food safety and foodborne illness concerns could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We cannot guarantee that our controls and training will be fully effective in preventing all food safety issues at our QSRs, FSRs or our standalone restaurants, including any occurrences of foodborne illnesses. Some foodborne illness incidents could be caused by third-party vendors and transporters outside of our control. New illnesses resistant to our current precautions may develop in the future, or diseases with long incubation periods could arise, that could give rise to claims or allegations. One or more instances of foodborne illness in any of our QSRs, FSRs or our standalone restaurants or related to food products we offer could negatively affect our sales and results of operations if it involves serious illness or is highly publicized. This risk exists even if it were later determined that the illness was wrongly attributed to us. The occurrence of an incident at one or more of our locations, or negative publicity or public speculation about an incident, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business and operations are subject to risks from adverse weather and climate events. 
 Severe weather events have in the past caused significant damage to certain sites we operate and severe weather in the future may have similar or worse adverse effects on our and our franchisees and the U.S. trucking industry. When severe weather events, such as hurricanes, floods and wildfires, occur near our travel centers, we or our franchisees may need to suspend operations of any impacted travel centers until the event has ended, repairs are made and the impacted travel centers are ready for operation. In addition, severe weather across a geographic region may cause a material decrease in the movement of trucks and other motor vehicles and, as a result, in our business. We or franchisees of our travel centers may in the future incur significant costs and losses as a result of severe weather, both in terms of operating, preparing and repairing our travel centers in anticipation of, during and after a severe weather event and in terms of lost business due to the interruption in operating our travel centers or decreased truck movements. Our insurance and our franchisees insurance may not adequately compensate us or them for these costs and losses. Concerns about climate change and increasing storm intensities may increase the cost of insurance for our travel centers or practically render it unavailable to obtain. 
 Third party expectations relating to ESG factors may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 There is an increasing focus from investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders and regulators concerning corporate sustainability. Some investors may use ESG factors to guide their investment strategies and, in some cases, may choose not to invest in us, or otherwise do business with us, if they believe our or their policies relating to corporate responsibility are inadequate. Third party providers of corporate sustainability ratings and reports on companies have increased in number, resulting in varied and in some cases inconsistent standards. In addition, the criteria by which companies corporate sustainability practices are assessed are evolving, which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. Alternatively, if we elect not to or are unable to satisfy such new criteria or do not meet the criteria of a specific third party provider, some investors may conclude that our policies with respect to corporate sustainability are inadequate. We may face reputational damage in the event that our corporate sustainability procedures or standards do not meet the goals that we have set or the standards set by various constituencies. If we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors and our customers, employees and other stakeholders or any goals or other initiatives we announce are not executed as planned, our reputation and financial results could be adversely affected and our revenues, results of operations and ability to grow our business may be negatively impacted. 
 Labor disputes or other events may arise that restrict, reduce or otherwise negatively impact the movement of goods by trucks in the United States. 
 A meaningful aspect of the U.S. trucking industry involves the movement of goods across the United States. Events that restrict, reduce or otherwise negatively impact the movement of those goods may adversely impact the trucking industry. In recent years, there were extended labor disputes at U.S. West Coast ports that slowed the loading and unloading of goods at those ports. A large percentage of the goods that are loaded and unloaded at those ports are transported to and from those ports by trucking companies, including some who are our customers. Future labor disputes could disrupt the transportation of goods 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 across the United States and remain unresolved for a prolonged period. Such a disruption may adversely affect our business and our ability to operate profitable travel centers. 
 We may be unable to utilize our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. 
 Net operating losses and other carryforwards are subject to limitations under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. For instance, carryforwards of net operating losses arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 will be limited to 80 of taxable income for tax years beginning after December 31, 2020. Moreover, net operating losses arising in taxable years prior to 2018 and various tax credits may only be carried forward for a limited number of years. These and other limitations could delay our ability to utilize our existing net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, and could even cause some of these tax attributes to expire before they are used. 
 If we experience an ownership change, our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, which currently are expected to be utilized to offset future taxable income, may be subject to limitations on usage or elimination. Our governing documents impose restrictions on the transfer and ownership of our shares of common stock that are intended to help us preserve the tax treatment of our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards; however, we cannot be certain that these restrictions will be effective. Please see below for a discussion of the risks related to our ownership limitations under the heading Risks Arising from Certain of Our Relationships and Our Organization and Structure. 
 Risks Related to Our Growth Strategies 
 We are in the process of executing new and expanded business strategies; we may fail to successfully execute these strategies and these strategies may prove to be unprofitable. 
 Our success depends on our ability to grow our business and adapt our business model to changing market conditions. We are executing new and expanded business strategies. We launched a new smaller travel center format branded as TA Express, and, as of December 31, 2022, we have converted and opened 29 travel centers under this brand name, and we plan to expand our travel center business, including the TA Express brand, through franchising, development and acquisition opportunities. We also continue to grow our truck service business, particularly within our TA Truck Service Emergency Roadside Assistance, TA Truck Service Mobile Maintenance and TA Commercial Tire Dealer Network programs. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had entered into franchise agreements covering 68 travel centers under our travel center brand names. In addition, in 2021 we formed a new division, eTA, to develop and market alternative energy and sustainable resources. Also, during 2021, we announced our desire to acquire existing travel centers to expand our network of travel centers and have subsequently acquired seven travel centers. These new and expanded business strategies will take time to execute and require additional investment and may be delayed or cost more than initially expected due to market or other conditions, including the current labor shortages, inflation, increasing or sustained high interest rates, supply chain challenges and public health safety concerns, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which have had such effects; as a result, we were required to delay or modify certain of our initiatives during the COVID-19 pandemic and may need to delay or modify initiatives in the future in response to current or then market or other conditions. While we believe the pursuit of these business strategies will have a positive effect on our business in the long term, we cannot be certain that they will. 
 Our growth strategies and our locations require regular and substantial capital investment. 
 Our travel centers are open for business 24 hours per day, 365 days per year. Due to the nature and intensity of the uses of our locations, they require regular and substantial expenditures for maintenance and capital investments to remain functional and attractive to customers. Although we may request that SVC purchase future renovations, improvements and equipment at the properties that we lease from SVC, SVC is not obligated to purchase any amounts and such purchases only relate to improvements to facilities we lease from SVC and not to facilities that we own or lease from others or to general business improvements, such as improvements to our IT systems. 
 In the near-term, we believe we have sufficient cash and borrowing capacity to fund our planned capital investments. In the future however, we may be unable to obtain capital to fund our capital investments. If we are unable to raise capital at costs that are less than our returns on that capital, our businesses and profits may decline and our growth strategies may fail. Further, if we defer or forgo maintenance expenditures, our properties competitiveness would likely be harmed and we may need to make larger capital expenditures in the future. In addition, due to supply chain and labor availability concerns, we had been delayed in completing certain capital projects and these conditions could result in delays in the future, increased costs or a reduction in our capital projects. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and the anticipated benefits of our growth strategies or any particular transaction may not be fully realized. 
 
 Businesses and properties that we acquire often require substantial improvements to be brought up to our standards or to achieve our expected financial results. For example, improvements to our acquired travel centers are often extensive and require an extended period of time to plan, design, permit and complete, which is then followed by another period of time for the acquired travel center to become part of our customers supply networks. Despite our efforts, the actual results of acquired properties may not improve under our management and may vary greatly from the results we expected when we made the acquisitions. These variances may occur due to many factors, including competition, the cost of improvements exceeding our estimates and our realization of less synergies and less cost savings than expected. Some of these factors are outside our control. If improvements are more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected or if reaching maturity takes longer than expected or does not occur at all, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected. 
 The success of our growth strategies, and any particular acquisition, including the realization of anticipated benefits, synergies and cost savings, will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine acquired businesses with ours. Integration of acquired businesses may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected, may result in the loss of key employees or business disruption to us, or may adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers and employees or to fully achieve the anticipated benefits of the growth strategy or acquisition. If we experience difficulties, the anticipated benefits of a growth strategy or particular transaction may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. 
 We may not complete our development projects within the time frame or for the investment we anticipate, or at all, and the anticipated benefits of the new facilities may not be fully realized. 
 Developing a new location generally may pose greater risk than buying an existing operating location. Any development projects we plan could be delayed or not completed or could require a greater investment of capital or management time, or both, than we expect. Additionally, if we design, plan, permit or construct a project but do not complete it, we may incur substantial costs without realizing any expected benefits. Also, the facilities we construct may not generate the financial returns we anticipate. 
 Territorial restrictions placed on us by our leases with SVC and our franchise agreements with our franchisees could impair our ability to grow our business. 
 Under our SVC Leases, without the consent of SVC, we generally cannot own, franchise, finance, operate, lease or manage any travel center or similar property within 75 miles in either direction along the primary interstate on which a travel center owned by SVC is located. Additionally, under our SVC Leases, we have granted SVC a right of first refusal on the properties that are the subject of such leases. Under the terms of our franchise agreements for TA and TA Express travel centers, generally we have agreed not to operate, or allow another person to operate, a travel center or travel center business that uses the TA brand in a specified territory for that TA branded franchise location. Under the terms of our franchise agreements for Petro travel centers, generally we have agreed not to operate, or allow another person to operate, a travel center or travel center business that uses the Petro brand in a specified territory for that Petro branded franchise location. As a result of these restrictions, we may be unable to develop, acquire or franchise a travel center in an area in which an additional travel center may be profitable, thereby losing an opportunity for future growth of our business. 
 Risks Arising from Certain of Our Relationships and Our Organization and Structure 
 Our agreements and relationships with SVC, RMR and others related to them may create conflicts of interest, or the perception of such conflicts, and may restrict our ability to grow our business. 
 We have significant commercial and other relationships with SVC, RMR and others related to them, including: 
 we lease a large majority of our travel centers from SVC and our business is substantially dependent upon our relationship with SVC; 
 SVC is our second largest stockholder, owning 1.2 million, or approximately 7.8 , of our outstanding shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022; 
 RMR provides us with business management services pursuant to a business management agreement and we pay RMR fees for those services based on a percentage of our fuel gross margin and nonfuel revenues. RMR also provides business and property management services to SVC; 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 the Chair of our Board of Directors and one of our Managing Directors, Adam D. Portnoy, is the chair of the board of trustees and a managing trustee of SVC, owned approximately 1.1 of SVC s outstanding common shares as of December 31, 2022, is a managing director and an officer of The RMR Group Inc., is an officer and employee of RMR and is the sole trustee, an officer and the controlling shareholder of ABP Trust, which is the controlling shareholder of The RMR Group Inc. The RMR Group Inc. is the managing member of RMR and RMR is the majority-owned operating subsidiary of The RMR Group Inc.; 
 
 as of December 31, 2022, RMR owned 0.6 million, or approximately 4.1 , of our outstanding shares of common stock; 
 our other Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Jonathan M. Pertchik, is an Executive Vice President and employee of RMR; 
 Peter J. Crage, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and Mark R. Young, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, are also officers and employees of RMR; 
 Adam D. Portnoy and most of our Independent Directors are members of the boards of trustees or boards of directors of other public companies to which RMR or its subsidiaries provide management services; and 
 in the event of conflicts between us and RMR, any affiliate of RMR or any publicly owned entity with which RMR has a relationship, including SVC, our business management agreement allows RMR to act on its own behalf and on behalf of SVC or such other entity rather than on our behalf. 
 In an agreement with SVC entered in 2007 in connection with our spin off from SVC and in our SVC Leases, we granted SVC a right of first refusal to purchase, lease, mortgage or otherwise finance any interest we own in a travel center before we sell, lease, mortgage or otherwise finance that travel center with another party. Under the 2007 agreement, we also granted SVC and other entities to which RMR provides management services a right of first refusal to acquire or finance any real estate of the types in which they invest before we do. Additionally, under the SVC Leases, without the consent of SVC, we generally cannot own, franchise, finance, operate, lease or manage any travel center or similar property within 75 miles in either direction along the primary interstate on which a travel center owned by SVC is located. These rights of first refusal and noncompetition provisions could limit our ability to purchase or finance our properties or properties we may wish to invest in or acquire in the future. Also, under the 2007 agreement we agreed not to take any action that might reasonably be expected to have a material adverse impact on SVC s ability to qualify as a real estate investment trust, or REIT. For more information regarding our leases and relationship with SVC, see Notes 8 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 These relationships could create, or appear to create, conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving us, SVC, RMR and others related to them. As a result of these relationships, our leases with SVC, management agreement with RMR and other transactions with SVC, RMR and others related to them were not negotiated on an arm s length basis between unrelated parties, and therefore the terms thereof may not be as favorable to us as they would have been if they were negotiated on an arm s length basis between unrelated parties. In the past, in particular following periods of volatility in the overall market or declines in the market price of a company s securities, dissident stockholder director nominations, dissident stockholder proposals and stockholder litigation have often been instituted against companies alleging conflicts of interest in business dealings with affiliated and related persons and entities. These activities, if instituted against us, and the existence of conflicts of interest or the perception of conflicts of interest, could result in substantial costs and diversion of our management s attention and could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business and the market price of our shares of common stock and other securities. 
 The large majority of the travel centers that we operate are owned by SVC and our business is substantially dependent on our relationship with SVC. In addition, we have significant commercial arrangements with RMR and we are dependent on those arrangements in operating our business. 
 Of the 281 travel centers in our network, 179, or 64 , are owned by SVC and, as a result, our business is substantially dependent on our relationship with SVC. We lease these travel centers pursuant to five long term leases with SVC. SVC may terminate our leases in certain circumstances, including if SVC does not receive annual minimum rent on the subject properties or for certain other events of default. The loss of our leases with SVC, or a material change to their terms, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Additionally, we are party to a business management agreement with RMR whereby RMR assists us with various aspects of our business. As a result, we are dependent on our arrangements with RMR in operating our business and any adverse 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 developments at RMR or in those arrangements could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to conduct our operations. 
 Ownership limitations and certain other provisions in our charter, bylaws and certain material agreements may deter, delay or prevent a change in our control or unsolicited acquisition proposals. 
 Our charter and bylaws contain provisions that prohibit any stockholder from owning more than 5 (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of any class or series of our outstanding shares of capital stock, including our common stock. The ownership limitation in our charter and bylaws helps facilitate our compliance with our contractual obligations with SVC to not take actions that may conflict with SVC s status as a REIT under the Code and is intended to help us preserve the tax treatment of our tax credit carryforwards, net operating losses and other tax benefits. We also believe these provisions promote good orderly governance. However, these provisions may also inhibit acquisitions of a significant stake in us and may deter, delay or prevent a change in control of us or unsolicited acquisition proposals that a stockholder may consider favorable. 
 Additionally, other provisions contained in our charter and bylaws may also inhibit acquisitions of a significant stake in us and deter, delay or prevent a change in control of us or unsolicited acquisition proposals that a stockholder may consider favorable, including, for example, provisions relating to: 
 the division of our Board of Directors into three classes, with the term of one class expiring at each annual meeting of stockholders; 
 the authority of our Board of Directors, and not our stockholders, to adopt, amend or repeal our bylaws and to fill vacancies on the Board of Directors; 
 limitations on the ability of stockholders to cause a special meeting of stockholders to be held and a prohibition on stockholders acting by written consent unless the consent is a unanimous consent of all our stockholders entitled to vote on the matter; 
 required qualifications for an individual to serve as a Director and a requirement that certain of our Directors be Managing Directors and other Directors be Independent Directors, as defined in the governing documents; 
 the power of our Board of Directors, without stockholders approval, to authorize and issue additional shares of stock of any class or type on terms that it determines; 
 
 limitations on the ability of our stockholders to propose nominees for election as Directors and propose other business to be considered at a meeting of stockholders; 
 a requirement that an individual Director may be removed only for cause (as defined in our charter) and then only by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast 75 of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors; 
 a requirement that any matter that is not approved by our Board of Directors receive the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast 75 of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter; 
 restrictions on business combinations between us and an interested stockholder that have not first been approved by our Board of Directors (including a majority of Directors not related to the interested stockholder); 
 requirements that stockholders comply with regulatory requirements (including Georgia, Illinois, Louisiana, Montana, Nevada, Pennsylvania and West Virginia gaming) affecting us, which could effectively limit stock ownership of us including, in some cases, to 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; and 
 requirements that any person nominated to be a Director comply with any clearance and pre-clearance requirements of state gaming laws applicable to our business. 
 In addition, the SVC Leases and our business management agreement with RMR each provide that our rights and benefits under those agreements may be terminated in the event that anyone acquires more than 9.8 of our shares of capital stock or we experience some other change in control, as defined in those agreements, without the consent of SVC or RMR, respectively. Also, a change in control under our Credit Agreement or our Term Loan Facility would be deemed to occur if, among other reasons, RMR ceased to provide management services to us, and would constitute an event of default thereunder and under our Credit Facility and the lenders could accelerate the loans under our Credit Facility and our Term Loan Facility. For these reasons, among others, our stockholders may be unable to realize a change in control premium for securities they own of us or otherwise effect a change of our policies or a change of our control. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 As changes occur in the marketplace for corporate governance policies, the above provisions may change or be removed, or new ones may be added. 
 The licenses, permits and related approvals for our operations may restrict ownership of us, or prevent or delay any change in control of us. 
 We have travel center locations in Georgia, Illinois, Louisiana, Montana, Nevada, Pennsylvania and West Virginia that include gaming operations. As a result, we and our subsidiaries involved in these operations are subject to gaming regulations in those states. Under state gaming regulations, which vary by jurisdiction: 
 stockholders whose ownership of our securities exceeds certain thresholds may be required to report their holdings to and to be licensed, found suitable or approved by the relevant state gaming authorities; 
 persons seeking to acquire control over us or over the operation of our gaming licenses are subject to prior investigation by and approval from the relevant gaming authorities; 
 persons who wish to serve as one of our Directors or officers may be required to be approved, found suitable and in some cases licensed, by the relevant state gaming authorities; and 
 the relevant state gaming authorities may limit our involvement with, or ownership of, securities by persons they determine to be unsuitable. 
 The gaming regulations to which we are subject may discourage or prevent investors from nominating persons to serve as our Directors, from purchasing our securities, from attempting to acquire control of us or otherwise implementing changes that they consider beneficial. 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our Directors, officers, SVC and RMR are limited. 
 Our governing documents limit the liability of our Directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. Under current Maryland law, our Directors and officers will not have any liability to us and our stockholders for money damages other than liability resulting from (i) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (ii) active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action adjudicated. 
 
 Our charter also generally requires us, to the fullest extent permitted by Maryland law, to indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, to pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to, our present and former Directors and officers, SVC, RMR, and the respective trustees, directors and officers of SVC and RMR for losses they may incur arising from claims or actions in which any of them may be involved in connection with any act or omission by such person or entity on behalf of or with respect to us, unless, with respect to SVC, RMR, and the respective trustees, directors and officers of SVC and RMR, there has been a final, nonappealable judgment entered by an arbiter determining that such person or entity acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud, willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that his, her or its conduct was unlawful. We have entered into individual indemnification agreements with our Directors and officers, which provide similar indemnification obligations with respect to such persons. As a result of these limitations and indemnification obligations, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our present and former Directors and officers, SVC, RMR, and the respective trustees, directors and officers of SVC and RMR than might exist with other companies, which could limit stockholder recourse in the event of actions that some stockholders may believe are not in our best interest. 
 
 Stockholder litigation against us or our Directors, officers, manager, other agents or employees may be referred to mandatory arbitration proceedings, which follow different procedures than in-court litigation and may be more restrictive to stockholders asserting claims than in-court litigation. 
 Our stockholders agree, by virtue of becoming stockholders, that they are bound by our governing documents, including the arbitration provisions of our bylaws and charter, as they may be amended from time to time. Our governing documents provide that certain actions by one or more of our stockholders against us or any of our Directors, officers, manager, other agents or employees, including RMR and its successors, other than any request for a declaratory judgment or similar action regarding the meaning, interpretation or validity of any provision of our governing documents, will be referred to mandatory, binding and final arbitration proceedings if we, or any other party to such dispute, including any of our Directors, officers, manager, other agents or employees, including RMR and its successors, unilaterally so demands. As a result, we and our stockholders would not be able to pursue litigation in state or federal court against us or our Directors, officers, manager, other agents or employees, including RMR and its successors, including, for example, claims alleging violations of federal securities laws or breach of duties, if we or any of our Directors, officers, manager, other agents or employees, including RMR and its 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 successors, against whom the claim is made unilaterally demands the matter be resolved by arbitration. Instead, our stockholders would be required to pursue such claims through binding and final arbitration. 
 
 Our bylaws provide that such arbitration proceedings would be conducted in accordance with the procedures of the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, as modified in our governing documents. These procedures may provide materially more limited rights to our stockholders than litigation in a federal or state court. For example, arbitration in accordance with these procedures does not include the opportunity for a jury trial, document discovery is limited, arbitration hearings generally are not open to the public, there are no witness depositions in advance of arbitration hearings and arbitrators may have different qualifications or experiences than judges. In addition, although our governing documents arbitration provisions contemplate that arbitration may be brought in a representative capacity or on behalf of a class of our stockholders, the rules governing such representation or class arbitration may be different from, and less favorable to stockholders than, the rules governing representative or class action litigation in courts. Our governing documents also generally provide that each party to such an arbitration is required to bear its own costs in the arbitration, including attorneys fees, and that the arbitrators may not render an award that includes shifting of such costs or, in a derivative or class proceeding, award any portion of our award to any stockholder or such stockholder s attorneys. The arbitration provisions of our governing documents may discourage our stockholders from bringing, and attorneys from agreeing to represent our stockholders wishing to bring, litigation against us or our Directors, officers, manager, other agents or employees, including RMR and its successors. Our agreements with SVC and RMR have similar arbitration provisions to those in our governing documents. 
 
 We believe that the arbitration provisions in our governing documents are enforceable under both state and federal law, including with respect to federal securities laws claims. We are a Maryland corporation and Maryland courts have upheld the enforceability of arbitration bylaws. In addition, the United States Supreme Court has repeatedly upheld agreements to arbitrate other federal statutory claims, including those that implicate important federal policies. However, some academics, legal practitioners and others are of the view that charter or bylaw provisions mandating arbitration are not enforceable with respect to federal securities laws claims. It is possible that the arbitration provisions of our governing documents may ultimately be determined to be unenforceable. 
 
 By agreeing to the arbitration provisions of our governing documents, stockholders will not be deemed to have waived compliance by us with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 Our bylaws designate the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for certain actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our Directors, officers, manager, agents or employees. 
 
 Our bylaws currently provide that, unless the dispute has been referred to binding arbitration, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland will be the sole and exclusive forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our Directors, officers, managers, other agents or employees to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our Directors, officers, manager, other agents or employees arising pursuant to Maryland law, our charter or bylaws brought by or on behalf of a stockholder, either on such stockholder s own behalf, on our behalf or on behalf of any series or class of shares of stock of ours or by our stockholders against us or any of our Directors, officers, manager, other agents or employees, including any disputes, claims or controversies relating to the meaning, interpretation, effect, validity, performance or enforcement of the charter or bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our Directors, officers, manager, other agents or employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Maryland. Our bylaws currently also provide that the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland will be the sole and exclusive forum for any dispute, or portion thereof, regarding the meaning, interpretation or validity of any provision of our charter or bylaws. The exclusive forum provision of our bylaws does not apply to any action for which the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland does not have jurisdiction or to a dispute that has been referred to binding arbitration in accordance with our bylaws. The exclusive forum provision of our bylaws does not establish exclusive jurisdiction in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland for claims that arise under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act or other federal securities laws if there is exclusive or concurrent jurisdiction in the federal courts. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in our common shares shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to these provisions of our bylaws, as they may be amended from time to time. The arbitration and exclusive forum provisions of our bylaws may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder believes is favorable for disputes with us or our Directors, officers, manager, other agents or employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our Directors, officers, manger, other agents or employees. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Securities 
 Our capital stock has experienced significant price and trading volume volatility and may continue to do so. 
 Since we became a publicly traded company in January 2007, our capital stock has experienced significant share price and trading volatility, which may continue. The market price of our shares of capital stock has fluctuated and could fluctuate significantly in the future in response to various factors and events, including, but not limited to, the risks set out in this Annual Report, as well as: 
 the liquidity of the market for our capital stock; 
 our historic policy to not pay cash dividends; 
 changes in our operating results; 
 issuances of additional shares of capital stock and sales of our capital stock by holders of large blocks of our capital stock, such as SVC, RMR or our Directors or officers; 
 limited analyst coverage, changes in analysts expectations and unfavorable research reports; and 
 
 general economic and industry trends and conditions. 
 In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 
 Recently, global and U.S. financial markets have experienced heightened volatility, including as a result of uncertainty regarding the long-term market impact of potential economic slowdown and recession concerns, the COVID-19 pandemic, the war between Russia and Ukraine, inflation, supply chain challenges, market interest rates and actual and potential shifts in U.S. and foreign trade, economic and other policies. This volatility and uncertainty could have a significant impact on the markets for our capital stock and our Senior Notes, the markets in which we operate and a material adverse impact on our business prospects and financial condition. 
 
 Investors may not benefit financially from investing in our Senior Notes. 
 The indenture under which the Senior Notes were issued contains no financial covenants or other provisions that would afford the holders of the Senior Notes any substantial protection in the event we participate in a material transaction. In addition, the indenture does not limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur or our ability to pay dividends, make distributions or repurchase our shares of common stock. Additionally, investors in our Senior Notes may be adversely affected as a result of the following: 
 
 the Senior Notes are unsecured and effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; 
 an active trading market for the Senior Notes may not be maintained or be liquid; 
 we depend upon our subsidiaries for cash flow to service our debt, and the Senior Notes are structurally subordinated to the payment of the indebtedness, lease and other liabilities and any preferred equity of our subsidiaries; and 
 an increase in market interest rates and other factors could result in a decrease in the value of the Senior Notes. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 The table below summarizes information about the properties we operate by state, brand and ownership as of December 31, 2022, and excludes properties operated by franchisees. Information for the locations our franchisees operate is included under 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 the heading Relationships with Franchisees in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. Brand Affiliation: Ownership of Sites by: TA 
 TA Express Petro Others (1) 
 Total TA 
 SVC 
 Joint Venture Others (2) 
 Alabama 4 3 7 3 4 Arizona 5 2 7 7 Arkansas 2 2 4 4 California 9 4 13 1 10 2 Colorado 3 3 1 7 4 3 Connecticut 2 1 3 3 Florida 5 1 1 7 7 Georgia 7 1 3 11 3 8 Idaho 1 1 1 Illinois 7 3 10 10 Indiana 7 6 13 5 8 Iowa 2 2 1 1 Kansas 1 1 2 1 1 Kentucky 2 1 3 3 Louisiana 4 3 7 1 6 Maryland 3 3 3 Michigan 6 6 2 4 Minnesota 1 1 1 Mississippi 1 1 2 1 1 Missouri 5 2 7 3 4 Montana 2 2 2 Nebraska 2 1 3 3 Nevada 3 3 6 1 5 New Hampshire 1 1 1 New Jersey 3 1 4 1 3 New Mexico 5 2 7 6 1 New York 5 1 6 1 5 North Carolina 3 1 4 1 3 North Dakota 1 1 1 Ohio 9 4 1 14 1 13 Oklahoma 3 1 4 1 3 Oregon 2 1 3 1 2 Pennsylvania 8 2 10 1 9 Rhode Island 1 1 1 South Carolina 4 1 2 7 3 4 Tennessee 7 2 9 3 6 Texas 15 1 7 23 8 15 Utah 1 1 2 2 Virginia 4 1 5 2 3 Washington 1 1 2 2 West Virginia 2 2 1 1 Wisconsin 2 1 3 2 1 Wyoming 3 1 4 4 Total 163 10 65 1 239 56 179 2 2 
 (1) Includes other locations, including a standalone restaurant and truck service facilities. 
 (2) Includes properties leased from, or managed for, parties other than SVC. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The disclosure under the heading Legal Proceedings in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Our Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information. Our shares of common stock are traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol TA . 
 Holders. As of February 27, 2023, there were 566 stockholders of record of our shares of common stock. We are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders, including beneficial owners whose shares of common stock held in street name by brokers or other nominees, but we expect the number is significantly higher. 
 Dividends. We have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our shares of common stock. At present, we intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the operations and growth of our business. Furthermore, our Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility restrict under certain circumstances our payment of cash dividends on our shares of common stock, unless certain requirements under the Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility are met, including that excess availability under our Credit Facility, as defined, is not less than 20.0 after any such payment. Our future decisions concerning the payment of dividends on our shares of common stock will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition and capital expenditure plans, as well as other factors as our Board of Directors, in its discretion, may consider relevant, and the extent to which the declaration or payment of dividends may be limited by agreements we have entered or cause us to lose the benefits of certain of our agreements. 
 Stock Issuable Under Equity Compensation Plans. The equity compensation plan information set forth in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. There were no sales of our unregistered securities by us during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. The following table provides information about our purchases of our equity securities during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: Calendar Month Number of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 2022 
 5 56.38 November 2022 
 3,086 51.64 December 2022 
 43,727 45.89 Total 46,818 46.27 
 (1) During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, all common stock purchases were made to satisfy stock award recipients tax withholding and payment obligations in connection with the vesting of awards of shares of common stock, which were repurchased by us based on their fair market value on the repurchase dates. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 Not applicable. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report. Amounts are in thousands of dollars, shares of common stock or gallons, as applicable, unless indicated otherwise. 

Company Overview 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. is a Maryland corporation. As of December 31, 2022, we operated or franchised 281 travel centers, three standalone truck service facilities and one standalone restaurant. Our customers include trucking fleets and their drivers, independent truck drivers, highway and local motorists and casual diners. We also collect rents, royalties and other fees from our tenants and franchisees. 
 We make specific disclosures concerning fuel and nonfuel products and services because they facilitate our discussion of trends and operational initiatives within our business and industry. During the year ended December 31, 2022, for aggregate cash consideration of 109,544, we acquired certain assets of independent travel centers, previously franchised travel centers, and truck service facilities. We also acquired certain assets as a result of the assumed operation of two travel centers which are owned by us, but which we previously leased and franchised to former tenants/franchisees. On April 26, 2022, we ceased operations at our only travel center located in a foreign country, Canada, which we did not consider material to our operations. In March 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our only travel center located in a foreign country, Canada, which we did not consider material to our operations, and on April 26, 2022, we ceased all operations at our Canadian travel center. In December 2022, due to circumstances that were considered unlikely at the time the agreement was executed, we exercised our right to terminate the agreement. As a result, we are actively seeking other buyers for the property. For more information about acquisition and disposition activities, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 Merger Agreement 
 On February 15, 2023, we entered into the Merger Agreement pursuant to which we will be acquired by BP. As a result of the Merger, at the Effective Time, each share of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares of our common stock (i) owned by BP or Merger Subsidiary immediately prior to the Effective Time, or (ii) held by any Subsidiary of the Company or BP (other than Merger Subsidiary) immediately prior to the Effective Time), will be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration. The closing of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including, among other things, (i) receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval, (ii) that there is no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other judgment issued by any court of competent jurisdiction in effect enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, (iii) the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period (or extension thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and all other approvals under antitrust laws, (iv) the accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement (subject to specified materiality qualifiers), (v) compliance with the covenants and obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects; (vi) the absence of a material adverse effect with respect to the Company and (vii) the execution, release and delivery of the Consent and Amendment Agreement and all agreements entered into pursuant thereto. 
 
 In addition, the Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights. Upon termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, under certain specified circumstances, we will be required to pay BP a termination fee of 51,900, including if the Merger Agreement is terminated due to our acceptance of an unsolicited superior proposal or due to our board of directors changing its recommendation to our stockholders to vote to approve the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement further provides that BP will be required to pay us a termination fee in an amount equal to 90,900 in the event the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain specified circumstances and receipt of antitrust approval has not been obtained by such time. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, either party may terminate the Merger Agreement if the Merger is not consummated by November 15, 2023, subject to (x) an automatic 90-day extension and (y) an additional 90-day extension under certain circumstances. 
 For further discussion on the proposed Merger with BP, refer to the discussion in Part I, Item 1, Business The Proposed Merger in this Annual Report. 
 For a discussion of economic conditions and related risks impacting our business, see elsewhere in this Annual Report, including Warning Concerning Forward-Looking Statements , Part I, Item 1, Business and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Summary of Financial Results 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated income before income taxes of 215,669 and 75,454, respectively. The increase in income before income taxes of 140,215 was primarily due to increased diesel fuel margin, the result of fuel market volatility creating favorable market conditions for our business, and increases in nonfuel revenues primarily due to inflation-driven price increases along with the re-opening and expanded hours of more restaurants and acquisitions. 
 The above factors were partially offset by inflationary pressures in several areas of our business, including higher labor costs due to wage increases, higher product costs and other operating expenses, higher selling, general and administrative expense, primarily due to increased compensation costs, costs related to the transition to cloud-based technology solutions, an increase in revenue-based business management fees, and higher depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to the growth from increased capital expenditures and acquisitions. 
 Effects of Fuel Prices and Supply and Demand Factors 
 Our fuel revenues and fuel gross margin are subject to fluctuations, sometimes material, as a result of market prices and the availability of, and demand for, diesel fuel and gasoline. These factors are subject to the worldwide petroleum products supply chain, which historically has experienced price and supply volatility as a result of, among other things, severe weather, terrorism, political crises, military actions and variations in demand and perceived and/or real impacts on supply that are often the result of changes in the macroeconomic environment. Also, concerted efforts by major oil producing countries and cartels to influence oil supply, as well as other actions by governments regarding trade policies, may impact fuel wholesale and retail prices. Further, there have been reports of reduced investment in oil exploration and production as a result of concerns about decreased demand for oil in response to market and governmental factors, including increased demand for alternative energy sources in response to global climate change. These and other factors, for example the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and various countries actions in response to that war, are believed to have contributed to recent fears of supply constraint and, as a result, increases in the cost of oil and other fossil energy sources. 
 Although there are several components that comprise and impact our fuel product cost, including the cost of fuel, freight and mix, the cost of fuel is the primary factor. Over the past several years there have been significant changes in the cost of fuel. Fuel prices increased 39.3 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the beginning of prior year period. The average fuel price during the year ended December 31, 2022, was 86.2 higher than the average fuel price during the year ended December 31, 2021. These increases in fuel prices during 2022 and year over year were primarily due to the uncertainty in fuel supply, impacted, at least in part, by the war between Russia and Ukraine and the various economic sanctions and other punitive measures the United States and other countries have taken against Russia in response, including with respect to Russian oil exports and Russia's recent decision to cut its oil production by 5 . This uncertainty also contributed to higher-than-normal fuel price volatility in the United States during 2022; however, favorable market conditions for certain purchasing arrangements and the significant index correlation of our fuel purchasing and sales contracts mitigated the potential downside risk of this volatility on our per gallon fuel margin this year and enabled us to deliver strong fuel margins for the year. In the aggregate, we generally are able to pass changes in our cost for fuel products to our customers, but typically with timing differences associated with on-hand inventory, such that during periods of volatile and rising fuel commodity prices, fuel gross margin per gallon tends to be higher than it otherwise may have been and during periods of static and falling fuel commodity prices, fuel gross margin per gallon tends to be lower than it otherwise may have been. For example, steadily rising fuel prices typically improve short-term fuel margins due to the sell-through of lower cost inventory at current market prices. Increases in the prices we pay for fuel can increase our working capital requirements. 
 Due to the volatility of our fuel costs and our methods of pricing fuel to our customers, we believe that fuel revenues are not a reliable metric for analyzing our results of operations from period to period. As a result solely of changes in fuel prices, our fuel revenues may materially increase or decrease, in both absolute amounts and on a percentage basis, without a comparable change in fuel sales volume or in fuel gross margin, as evidenced in 2022. We therefore consider fuel sales volume and fuel gross margin to be better measures of our performance. 
 While we experienced slightly higher diesel sales volumes combined with lower gasoline sales volumes during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher fuel prices and inflationary and competitive pressures, we believe that demand for fuel by trucking companies and motorists for a constant level of miles driven will remain relatively unchanged in the near-term, subject to a possible economic recession or substantial economic downturn, but could decline over time because of changes in trucking industry trends or consumer behavior due to inflationary pressures, technological innovations that improve fuel efficiency of motor vehicle engines, other fuel conservation 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 practices and alternative fuels and technologies as well as possible further government regulation. For the first half of 2022, our fuel sales volumes increased primarily due to improved market conditions within the freight industry, traffic increases associated with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic recovery and the success of our marketing initiatives; however, these factors were less significant in the second half of 2022 as our fuel sales volume was down slightly as compared to a strong recovery in the same periods of prior year. 
 In addition, we believe that to some degree higher fuel prices and inflationary pressures resulted in less disposable income for our customers to purchase our nonfuel products and services. While nonfuel revenues increased 9.0 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, higher fuel prices and inflationary pressures in 2022 tempered certain nonfuel transaction volumes. 

Factors Affecting Comparability 
 Growth Strategies 
 We continue to prioritize and focus on key initiatives across our organization including top-line growth through high return capital investments, bottom-line growth through process improvement and cost discipline, continued introduction of efficient technology and systems and defining the future of on-highway mobility through a commitment to energy alternatives, all in support of our core mission to return every traveler to the road better than they came. 
 Acquiring high quality existing travel centers and viable truck services facilities are key aspects of our strategic network growth plan. Our active acquisition pipeline may enable us to add independent and franchised sites along active corridors to strengthen the geographic coverage of our network and expand our scope of products and services and customer segments through investments of capital and human resources in our truck service business. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report for more information about these acquisitions. 
 Our growth strategy also includes adding franchised travel centers to our network. Since the beginning of 2020, we entered into franchise agreements covering 68 travel centers to be operated under our travel center brand names, with 30 new franchise agreements entered in 2022, reaching our annual target. Five of these franchised travel centers began operations during 2020, two began operations during 2021, and three began operations during 2022, and we expect the remaining 58 to open by the second quarter of 2025. 
 Our capital expenditures for 2023 are expected to be in the range of 135.0 million to 150.0 million and includes projects to enhance the guest experience through upgrades at our travel centers and improvements to our technology systems infrastructure. Approximately 35 of our capital expenditures in 2023 are focused on growth initiatives that we expect to meet or exceed our 15 to 20 cash on cash return hurdle. 
 We are committed to embracing environmentally friendly energy sources through our eTA division, which seeks to deliver sustainable and alternative energy to the marketplace by working with the public sector and private companies to facilitate this initiative. Recent accomplishments include an announcement of a non-exclusive agreement with Electrify America, the largest open direct current fast-charging network in the United States, to expand EV fast-charging infrastructure at sites nationwide, expanding of our biodiesel and renewable diesel blending capabilities, increasing the availability of DEF at all diesel pumps nationwide and installing electric vehicle charging stations. We are also exploring ultra-high power truck charging and hydrogen fuel dispensing to provide energy alternatives as the transportation sector transitions to a lighter carbon footprint. We believe our large, well-located sites along highways will allow us to make EV charging and non-fossil fuel dispensing easily available to travelers. 

Results of Operations 
 We present our results of operations on a consolidated basis. Currently all of our company operated locations are same site locations with the exception of recently acquired travel centers and truck service facilities and the travel center located in Canada that we stopped operating during the second quarter of 2022. Same site operating results would not provide materially different information from our consolidated results and are not presented as part of this discussion and analysis. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Financial Results 
 The following table presents changes in our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Revenues: Fuel 8,707,282 5,374,695 3,332,587 62.0 Nonfuel 2,123,223 1,946,732 176,491 9.1 Rent and royalties from franchisees 14,485 15,417 (932) (6.0) Total revenues 10,844,990 7,336,844 3,508,146 47.8 Gross margin: Fuel 569,813 392,792 177,021 45.1 Nonfuel 1,281,378 1,175,440 105,938 9.0 Rent and royalties from franchisees 14,485 15,417 (932) (6.0) Total gross margin 1,865,676 1,583,649 282,027 17.8 Site level operating expense 1,057,371 955,385 101,986 10.7 Selling, general and administrative expense 190,061 155,355 34,706 22.3 Real estate rent expense 259,713 255,627 4,086 1.6 Depreciation and amortization expense 109,698 96,507 13,191 13.7 Other operating income, net (4,056) (2,275) (1,781) (78.3) Income from operations 252,889 123,050 129,839 105.5 Interest expense, net 41,780 46,786 (5,006) (10.7) Other (income) expense, net (4,560) 810 (5,370) (663.0) Income before income taxes 215,669 75,454 140,215 185.8 Provision for income taxes (51,609) (17,263) (34,346) (199.0) Net income 164,060 58,191 105,869 181.9 Less: net loss for noncontrolling interest (333) 333 100.0 Net income attributable to 
 common stockholders 
 164,060 58,524 105,536 180.3 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022, As Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 References to changes in the income and expense categories below relate to the comparison of consolidated results for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a comparison of consolidated results for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 in our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Fuel Revenues. Fuel revenues for 2022 increased by 3,332,587, or 62.0 , as compared to 2021. The increase in fuel revenues was primarily as a result of an increase in market prices for fuel, partially offset by a slight decrease in fuel sales volume. The table below presents the factors causing the changes in total fuel sales volume and revenues between periods. See "Effects of Fuel Prices and Supply and Demand Factors for more information regarding the impact market prices for fuel has on our financial results. Gallons Sold Fuel Revenues Results for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 2,290,081 5,374,695 Increase due to petroleum products price changes 3,385,866 Decrease due to volume changes (18,112) (62,464) Increase in wholesale fuel sales volume 4,393 9,185 Net change from prior year period 
 (13,719) 3,332,587 Results for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 2,276,362 8,707,282 
 Nonfuel Revenues. Nonfuel revenues for 2022 increased by 176,491, or 9.1 , as compared to 2021, primarily as a result of increases in DEF due to the growth of newer trucks on the road that require DEF, and truck service and restaurants, due to inflation-driven pricing increases along with the reopening and expanded hours at our FSRs. These increases were partially offset by lower overall transaction volumes. 
 Rent and Royalties from Franchisees Revenues. Rent and royalties from franchisees revenues for 2022 decreased by 932, or 6.0 , as compared to 2021, primarily as a result of the elimination of rent and royalties due to the acquisitions of franchised travel centers during 2022 and the elimination of royalties following the sale of our QSL business in April 2021, partially offset by higher nonfuel revenues at franchised travel centers and franchised travel centers that began operations since the beginning of 2021. 
 Fuel Gross Margin. Fuel gross margin for 2022 increased by 177,021, or 45.1 , as compared to 2021, primarily as a result of more favorable market conditions discussed above, partially offset by a slight decrease in fuel sales volume. 
 Nonfuel Gross Margin. Nonfuel gross margin for 2022 increased by 105,938, or 9.0 , as compared to 2021 primarily as a result of the increase in total nonfuel revenues. Nonfuel gross margin percentage remained flat at 60.4 for 2022 and 2021. 
 Site Level Operating Expense. Site level operating expense for 2022 increased by 101,986, or 10.7 , as compared to 2021, primarily as a result of higher labor costs due to inflationary wage increases and the reopening and expanded hours at certain FSRs and increased other operating expenses during 2022. Site level operating expense as a percentage of nonfuel revenues increased 70 basis points to 49.8 for 2022 from 49.1 for 2021, primarily as a result of the above factors. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense. Selling, general and administrative expense for 2022 increased by 34,706, or 22.3 , as compared to 2021, primarily as a result of increased compensation costs, costs related to the transition to cloud-based technology solutions and an increase in revenue-based management fees, with approximately one-third of the increases attributed to inflationary pressures. 
 Real Estate Rent Expense. Real estate rent expense for 2022 increased by 4,086, as compared to 2021, primarily as a result of an increase in percentage rent payable on increased total nonfuel revenues at our applicable travel centers. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense. Depreciation and amortization expense for 2022 increased by 13,191, or 13.7 , as compared to 2021, primarily as a result of the growth in capital expenditures and acquisitions. 
 Interest Expense, Net. Interest expense, net for 2022 decreased by 5,006 as compared to 2021, primarily as a result of higher interest income earned on money market investments due to higher short-term investment interest rates. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for Income Taxes. Provision for income taxes for 2022 increased to 51,609 as compared to 17,263 for 2021, primarily due to an increase in income before taxes in 2022 as compared to 2021. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report for more information about our income taxes. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal liquidity requirements are to meet our operating and financing costs and to fund our capital expenditures, acquisitions and working capital requirements. Our principal sources of liquidity to meet these requirements are our: 
 cash balance; 
 operating cash flow; 
 our Credit Facility with a current maximum availability of 200,000 subject to limits based on our qualified collateral; 
 potential issuances of new debt and equity securities; 
 potential financing or selling of unencumbered real estate that we own; and 
 potential sales to SVC of improvements we make to the sites we lease from SVC. 
 We believe that the primary risks we currently face with respect to our operating cash flow are: 
 inflationary pressures; 
 recessionary pressures; 
 increasing labor costs; 
 labor availability; 
 adverse impacts from supply chain challenges; 
 potential negative impacts from the continuing change in market practices that arose during the COVID-19 pandemic, including if the United States experiences a prolonged and significant decline in economic activity that reduces demand for our products and services; 
 decreased demand for our fuel products resulting from regulatory and market efforts for improved engine fuel efficiency, fuel conservation and alternative fuels and technologies; 
 decreased demand for our products and services that we may experience as a result of competition or otherwise; 
 the fixed nature of a significant portion of our expenses, which may restrict our ability to realize a sufficient reduction in our expenses to offset a reduction in our revenues; 
 the costs and funding that may be required to execute our growth initiatives; 
 the possible inability of acquired or developed properties to generate the stabilized financial results we expected at the time of acquisition or development; 
 increased cost of fleet card fees; 
 increased costs for nonfuel products that we may not be able to pass through to our customers; 
 increases in our cost of capital due to increasing market interest rates and credit spreads; 
 increased costs we may need to incur to operate our business in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health safety events or conditions, including enhancing sanitation and other preventative measures, and sick pay; and 
 the negative impacts on our gross margins and working capital requirements due to increasing or sustained high cost of our fuel or nonfuel products resulting from inflation generally. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Our business requires substantial amounts of working capital, including cash liquidity, and our working capital requirements can be especially large because of the volatility of fuel prices. Selectively acquiring additional properties and businesses and developing new sites requires us to expend substantial capital for any such properties, businesses or developments. In addition, our properties are high traffic sites with many customers and large trucks entering and exiting our properties daily, requiring us to expend capital to maintain, repair and improve our properties. Although we had a cash balance of 416,012 at December 31, 2022, and net cash provided by operating activities of 183,664 in 2022, we cannot be sure that we will maintain sufficient amounts of cash, that we will generate future profits or positive cash flows or that we will be able to obtain additional financing, if and when it becomes necessary or desirable to pursue business opportunities. As of December 31, 2022, we had no off balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. We believe we have sufficient financial resources to fund operations, debt service costs and required capital expenditures for greater than 12 months. 
 Merger Agreement 
 We have agreed to customary covenants regarding the operation of our business and the business of our subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time. The Merger Agreement restricts us from entering into certain corporate transactions, entering into certain material contracts, making certain changes to our capital budget, incurring certain indebtedness and taking other specified actions without the consent of BP, and generally requires us to continue our operations in the ordinary course of business during the pendency of the Merger. Until the Merger is consummated or the Merger Agreement is terminated, if earlier, without BP s consent (not to be unreasonably withheld), we may not (i) repurchase, prepay, assume, endorse, guarantee or incur, or otherwise become liable for, any indebtedness for borrowed money, including by way of a guarantee or an issuance or sale of debt securities, or issue or sell options, warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, enter into any keep well or other contract to maintain any financial statement or similar condition of another person, or enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing (other than (A) in connection with the financing of ordinary course trade payables or (B) accounts payable in the ordinary course of business) or (ii) make any loans, advances, capital commitments or capital contributions to, or investments in (other than (A) to ourself or our wholly-owned subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business or (B) accounts receivable and extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business). These restrictions may prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities or adjusting our capital plan prior to the completion of the Merger. 
 
 In addition, the Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for us and BP. Upon termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, under certain specified circumstances, we will be required to pay BP a termination fee in an amount equal to 51,900, including if the Merger Agreement is terminated due to our acceptance of an unsolicited superior proposal or due to our Board of Directors changing its recommendation to our stockholders to vote to approve the Merger Agreement. If we are required to pay the termination fee, it may adversely impact our ability to finance our operations or to invest in anticipated capital expenditure and other initiatives, and may have an adverse impact on the value of common stock, which could constrain our ability to raise funds through equity offerings. The Merger Agreement further provides that BP will be required to pay us a termination fee in an amount equal to 90,900 in the event the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain specified circumstances and receipt of antitrust approval has not been obtained by such time. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, either party may terminate the Merger Agreement if the Merger is not consummated by November 15, 2023, subject to (x) an automatic 90-day extension and (y) an additional 90-day extension under certain circumstances. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Our Investment and Financing Liquidity and Resources 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 We and certain of our subsidiaries are parties to the Credit Facility that matures on July 19, 2024. Under the Credit Facility, a maximum of 200,000 may be drawn, repaid and redrawn until maturity. The availability of this maximum amount is subject to limits based on qualified collateral. Subject to available collateral and lender participation, the maximum amount of this Credit Facility may be increased to 300,000. The Credit Facility may be used for general business purposes and allows for the issuance of letters of credit. Generally, no principal payments are due until maturity. Under the terms of the Credit Facility, interest is payable on outstanding borrowings at a rate based on, at our option, LIBOR or a base rate, plus a premium (which premium is subject to adjustment based upon facility availability, utilization and other matters). As of December 31, 2022, based on our qualified collateral, a total of 179,905 was available to us for loans and letters of credit under the Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility and 13,928 of letters of credit issued under that facility, which reduced the amount available for borrowing under the Credit Facility, leaving 165,977 available for our use as of that date. The Credit Facility contains various covenants that we believe are usual and customary. These covenants include a maximum allowed leverage ratio. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants of the Credit Facility. As of February 27, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility and approximately 165,977 available under the Credit Facility for our use as of that date. 
 Term Loan Facility 
 We have a 200,000 Term Loan Facility, which is secured by a pledge of all the equity interests of substantially all of our wholly owned subsidiaries, a pledge, subject to the prior interest of the lenders under our Credit Facility, of substantially all of our other assets and the assets of such wholly owned subsidiaries and mortgages on certain of our fee owned real properties. We used the net proceeds of 190,062 from our Term Loan Facility for general business purposes, including the funding of deferred capital expenditures, updates to key information technology infrastructure and growth initiatives consistent with our Transformation Plan. Interest on amounts outstanding under the Term Loan Facility are calculated at LIBOR, with a LIBOR floor of 100 basis points, plus 600 basis points and the Term Loan Facility matures on December 14, 2027. Our Term Loan Facility requires periodic interest payments based on the interest period selected and quarterly principal payments of 500, or 1.0 of the original principal amount annually. In addition, beginning with the year ended December 31, 2021 and for each twelve month calendar year period thereafter (each considered an Excess Cash Flow Period , as defined), we are required to calculate Excess Cash Flow, as defined, and prepay an amount equal to Excess Cash Flow less other specified adjustments. The prepayment, as calculated, is due 95 days after the end of the respective Excess Cash Flow Period. There was no required prepayment due for the Excess Cash Flow Period ended December 31, 2022. Beginning December 14, 2022, we may repay the remaining principal amounts outstanding under the Term Loan Facility without penalty. The Term Loan Facility contains various covenants that we believe are usual and customary. These covenants include a maximum allowed leverage ratio. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants of the Term Loan Facility. 
 West Greenwich Loan 
 We have a term loan for 16,600 with The Washington Trust Company, or the West Greenwich Loan. The West Greenwich Loan matures on February 7, 2030, and is secured by a mortgage encumbering our travel center located in West Greenwich, Rhode Island. The annual interest rate is fixed at 3.85 through February 7, 2025, and resets thereafter, based on the five year Federal Home Loan Bank rate plus 198 basis points. The West Greenwich Loan requires us to make principal and interest payments monthly. The proceeds from the West Greenwich Loan were used for general business purposes. 
 Senior Notes 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding the following Senior Notes, as defined below: (in thousands) Issuance Date Maturity Date Principal Interest Rate Interest Payable 2028 Senior Notes January 15, 2013 January 15, 2028 110,000 8.25 Quarterly 2029 Senior Notes December 16, 2014 December 15, 2029 120,000 8.00 Quarterly 2030 Senior Notes October 5, 2015 October 15, 2030 100,000 8.00 Quarterly Total 330,000 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 We refer to the 2030 Senior Notes, 2029 Senior Notes and 2028 Senior Notes collectively as our Senior Notes, which are our senior unsecured obligations. The Senior Notes are callable by us at par plus accrued interest, if any, and without penalty at any time. The total annual cash payments for interest expense on the current outstanding aggregate principal amount under our Senior Notes is 26,675. The indenture governing our Senior Notes does not limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur. We may issue additional debt from time to time. 
 For more information about our debt financing, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report. 

Sources and Uses of Cash 
 The following is a summary of our sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as reflected in our consolidated statements of cash flows. For a comparison of sources and uses of cash for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 in our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 536,002 483,151 52,851 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 183,664 154,461 29,203 Investing activities (294,085) (93,914) (200,171) Financing activities (9,687) (7,706) (1,981) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 118 10 108 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 416,012 536,002 (119,990) 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities. The change in net cash inflows from operating activities of 29,203 was primarily due to an increase in earnings, reduced by the effect of changes in working capital from higher accounts receivable and inventory, and partially offset by increased accounts payable, primarily the result of increased inflationary prices in the current year. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities. The change in net cash outflows from investing activities of 200,171 primarily resulted from an increase in capital expenditures and acquisition activity. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities. The change in net cash outflows from financing activities of 1,981 primarily resulted from an increase in finance lease principal payments. 

Related Party Transactions 
 We have relationships and historical and continuing transactions with SVC, RMR and others related to them. For further information about these and other such relationships and related party transactions, see Notes 8, 12 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report and the section captioned Business Our Leases with SVC above in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report, which are incorporated herein by reference and our other filings with the SEC. For further information about the risks that may arise as a result of these and other related party transactions and relationships, see elsewhere in this Annual Report, including Warning Concerning Forward-Looking Statements and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. We may engage in additional transactions with related persons, including businesses to which RMR or its subsidiaries provide management services. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make reasonable estimates and assumptions that may involve the exercise of significant judgment. For any estimate or assumption used, there may be other reasonable estimates or assumptions that may have been used. However, based on the available facts and circumstances inherent in the estimates and assumptions reflected in our consolidated financial statements, management believes it is unlikely that applying other reasonable estimates and assumptions would have caused materially different amounts to have been reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Impairment of Long Lived Asset s. We review definite lived assets for indicators of impairment during each reporting period. We recognize impairment charges when (i) the carrying value of a long lived asset or asset group to be held and used in the business is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value and (ii) when the carrying value of a long lived asset or asset group to be disposed of exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset less the estimated cost to sell the asset. Our estimates of fair value are based on our estimates of likely market participant assumptions, including our current expectations for projected fuel sales volume, nonfuel revenues, fuel and nonfuel gross margins, site level operating expense and real estate rent expense. If the business climate deteriorates, our actual results may not be consistent with these assumptions and estimates. The discount rate is used to measure the present value of projected future cash flows and is set at a rate we believe is likely to be used by a market participant using a weighted average cost of capital that considers market and industry data as well as our specific risk factors. The weighted average cost of capital is our estimate of the overall after tax rate of return required by equity and debt holders of a business enterprise. We use a number of assumptions and methods in preparing valuations underlying impairment tests, including estimates of future cash flows and discount rates and in some instances we may obtain third party appraisals. We recognize impairment charges in the period during which the circumstances surrounding an asset or asset group to be held and used have changed such that the carrying value is no longer recoverable, or during which a commitment to a plan to dispose of the asset or asset group is made. We perform our impairment analysis for substantially all of our property and equipment and lease assets at the individual site level because that is the lowest level of asset and liability groupings for which the cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. 
 Impairment of Goodwill. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually as of July 31, or more frequently if the circumstances warrant. We have one reporting unit, travel centers. As of July 31, 2022, we evaluated our travel centers reporting unit for impairment using a qualitative analysis which included evaluating financial trends, industry and market conditions and assessing the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the most recent quantitative analysis, including comparing actual results to the projections used in the quantitative analysis. After evaluating and weighing all relevant events and circumstances, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the travel centers reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. 
 Income Tax Matters. Under Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, 740, Income Taxes , or ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences attributable to net operating losses, tax credits, and temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period of the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established when it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 We report a liability or a reduction of deferred tax assets for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. When applicable, we recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law. This act includes a new minimum tax on certain large corporations and an excise tax on corporate stock buybacks among other provisions. We continue to evaluate the impacts of this act, and at this time we do not believe they will have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Accounting for Leases. With respect to accounting for leases, each time we enter a new lease or materially modify an existing lease we evaluate its classification as either a finance lease or an operating lease. The classification of a lease as finance or operating affects whether and how the transaction is reflected in our consolidated balance sheets, as well as our recognition of rental payments as rent or interest expense. For all leases with a term greater than 12 months, we recognize a lease asset and liability in our consolidated balance sheet. Certain of our leases include renewal options and purchase options. Renewal periods are included in calculating our lease assets and liabilities when they are reasonably certain. We calculate our lease assets and liabilities using the discount rate implicit in the SVC Leases and our incremental borrowing rate for all other leases. These evaluations require us to make estimates of, among other things, the remaining useful life and residual value of leased properties, appropriate discount rates that may be realized from the leased properties. Incorrect assumptions or estimates may result in misclassification of our leases or the understatement or overstatement of our lease assets and liabilities. Our lease accounting policies involve significant judgments based upon our experience, including judgments about current valuations, estimated useful lives and salvage or residual values. In the future, we may need to revise our assessments to incorporate information which is not known at the time of our previous assessments, and such revisions could increase or decrease our depreciation expense related to properties that we lease, result in the classification of some of our leases as other than operating leases or decrease the carrying values of some of our assets. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Business Combinations. We account for our acquisitions of travel centers as business combinations, which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the acquisition date. We record any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets as goodwill. Our accounting for business combinations involves significant judgments about valuations of assets and liabilities in the current market and the assignment of estimated useful lives. We may adjust our accounting for business combinations to reflect information that is unknown at the time of our respective acquisitions for up to one year after each purchase. Acquisition related transaction costs, such as legal fees, due diligence costs and closing costs, are not included as a component of consideration transferred in an acquisition but are expensed as incurred. The operating results of acquired businesses are reflected in our consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition. 
 Self-Insurance Accruals. We are exposed to losses under insurance programs for which we pay deductibles and for which we are partially self-insured up to certain stop loss amounts, including claims under our general liability, workers compensation, motor vehicle and group health benefits policies and programs. Accruals are established under these insurance programs for both estimated losses on known claims and potential claims incurred but not reported, based on claims histories and using actuarial methods. The methods for estimating the ultimate losses and the total cost of claims were determined by third-party consulting actuaries. The most significant risk of this methodology is its dependence on claims histories, which are not always indicative of future claims. We review resulting accruals and any adjustments arising from changes in estimates are reflected in income. Changes in claims incurred, claim severity or other actuarial estimates and judgments used, as compared to previous assumptions, could have an impact on the amount and timing of expense for any period. 
 Contingencies. We establish or adjust environmental contingency accruals when the responsibility to remediate becomes probable and the amount of associated costs is reasonably determinable and we record legal contingency accruals when our liability becomes probable and when we can reasonably estimate the amount of our contingent loss. We also have a receivable for expected recoveries of certain of our estimated future environmental expenditures, which is recognized once receipt of the recovery is probable and we are able to reasonably estimate the amount of the recovery. The process of determining both our estimated future costs of environmental remediation and our estimated future recoveries of costs from insurers or others involves a high degree of management judgment based on past experiences and current and expected regulatory and insurance market conditions. The process of estimating our liability for legal matters involves a high degree of management judgment, which is based on facts and circumstances specific to each matter and our prior experiences with similar matters that may not be indicative of future results. To the extent an estimate is inaccurate, our liabilities, expenses and net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders may be understated or overstated. 

Environmental and Climate Change Matters 
 Governmental actions, including legislation, regulations, treaties and commitments, such as those seeking to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and market actions in response to concerns about climate change, may decrease the demand for our major product, diesel fuel, and may require us to make significant capital or other expenditures related to alternative energy distribution or other changing fuel conservation practices. Federal and state governments require manufacturers to limit emissions from trucks and other motor vehicles, such as the U.S. EPA s gasoline and diesel sulfur control requirements that limit the concentration of sulfur in motor fuel. Further, legislative and regulatory initiatives requiring increased truck fuel efficiency have accelerated in the United States and these mandates have and may continue to result in decreased demand for diesel fuel. 
 For example, in April 2022, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration announced more stringent fuel efficiency standards for passenger cars and light duty trucks and has indicated its intent to develop new fuel efficiency standards for medium and heavy duty trucks. In addition, the California Air Resources Board, and other similar state government agencies routinely consider rulemaking activity the purpose of which is to improve fuel efficiency and limit pollution from vehicles. Moreover, market concerns regarding climate change may result in decreased demand for fossil fuels and increased adoption of higher efficiency fuel technologies and alternative energy sources. Regulations that limit, or market demands to reduce carbon emissions, may cause our costs at our locations to significantly increase, make some of our locations obsolete or completely disadvantaged, or require us to make material investments in our properties. For example, we have installed electric charging capacity at one of our travel centers and expect to install them at additional travel centers and we are also preparing to offer hydrogen dispensing as another alternative fuel offering at certain of our travel centers. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Some observers believe severe weather activities in different parts of the country over the last few years are evidence of global climate change. Such severe weather may have an adverse effect on our and our franchisees' sites or the volume of business at our locations. We mitigate these risks by owning, leasing and operating a geographically diversified portfolio of properties, by procuring insurance coverage we believe adequately protects us from material damages and losses and by attempting to monitor and be prepared for such events. However, we cannot be certain that our mitigation efforts will be sufficient or that future weather-related events or other climate changes that may occur will not have an adverse effect on our business. 
 For further information about these and other environmental and climate change matters, and the related risks that may arise, see the disclosure under the heading Environmental Contingencies in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report, Warning Concerning Forward-Looking Statements, Regulatory Environment Environmental Regulation in Part I, Item 1 and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our Credit Facility maximum availability is subject to limits based on qualified collateral. As of December 31, 2022, no loans were outstanding under this Credit Facility. We borrow under this Credit Facility in U.S. dollars and those borrowings require us to pay interest at floating interest rates, which are based on LIBOR or a base rate, plus a premium. Interest on amounts outstanding under our Term Loan Facility are also calculated based on LIBOR plus a premium. Accordingly, we are vulnerable to changes in U.S. dollar based short term interest rates. A change in interest rates generally would not affect the fair value of any outstanding floating rate debt but could affect our operating results. For example, if the 200,000 stated maximum amount was drawn under our Credit Facility and interest rates decreased or increased by 100 basis points per annum, our interest expense would decrease or increase by 2,000 per year. If interest rates were to change gradually over time, the impact would occur over time. 
 We are exposed to risks arising from market price changes for diesel and gasoline fuel. These risks have historically resulted from changes in supply and demand for fuel and from market speculation about future changes. Some supply changes may arise from local conditions, such as a malfunction in a particular pipeline or at a particular terminal. However, in the recent past most of the supply risks have arisen from national or international conditions, such as weather-related shutdowns of oil drilling or refining capacities, political instability in oil producing regions of the world, war, such as the war between Russia and Ukraine, and the various economic sanctions and other punitive measures the United States and other countries have taken against Russia in response, including with respect to Russian oil exports and Russia's recent decision to cut its oil production by 5 , or other hostilities or terrorism. Concerted efforts by major oil producing countries and cartels to limit oil supply may also impact prices. Because petroleum products are regularly traded in commodity markets, material changes in demand for and the price of fuel worldwide and financial speculation in these commodities markets may have a material effect upon the prices we pay for fuel and may also impact our customers demand for fuel and other products we sell. Almost all of these risks are beyond our control. Nevertheless, we attempt to mitigate our exposure to fuel commodity price market risks in three ways. First, whenever possible, we attempt to maintain supply contracts for diesel fuel with several different suppliers for our locations; if there is a local supply disruption, our contract supplier(s) work to fulfill their contractual commitments. When this type of situation happens, we may also work with other suppliers to procure additional supply either locally or from surrounding markets to avoid outages at our locations. Second, we maintain modest fuel inventory of only up to a few days of fuel sales. Modest inventory may mitigate the risk that we are required by competitive or contract conditions to sell fuel for less than its cost in the event of rapid price declines; however, the modest level of fuel inventory could exacerbate our fuel supply risks. Third, we sell a majority of our diesel fuel at prices determined by reference to a benchmark which is reflective of the market costs for fuel; by selling on such terms we may be able to substantially maintain our margin per gallon despite changes in the price we pay for fuel. Based on the composition of our fuel inventory as of December 31, 2022, and our fuel sales volume for the year ended December 31, 2022, each one cent change in the price of fuel would change our inventory value by 192 and our fuel revenues b y 22,764. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 The information required by this item is included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 and Rule 15d-15 of the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control systems are intended to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) . Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of TravelCenters of America Inc. 

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of TravelCenters of America Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and stockholders equity as of and for the year then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements and our report dated March 1, 2023 , expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 March 1, 2023 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 We have a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our Directors, officers and employees, RMR and its senior and executive officers and employees who provide significant services to us, and the members of the board of directors for the The RMR Group Inc. Our code of business conduct and ethics is posted on our website, www.ta-petro.com. A printed copy of our code of business conduct and ethics is also available, free of charge, to any person who requests a copy by writing to our Secretary, TravelCenters of America Inc., Two Newton Place, 255 Washington Street, Suite 300, Newton, Massachusetts 02458-1634. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of our code of business conduct and ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller (or any person performing similar functions) on our website. 
 The remainder of the information required by Item 10 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information. We may grant awards of options and shares of common stock under the TravelCenters of America Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Compensation Plan, or the 2016 Plan, from time to time to our Directors, officers, employees and other individuals who render services to us. In 2022, we awarded 323,945 shares of common stock to our Directors, officers, employees and others who provided services to us. The terms of awards made under the Plan are determined by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors at the time of the grant. The following table is as of December 31, 2022. Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan (Excluding Securities Reflected in column (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved 
 by securityholders - 2016 Plan 
 None. None. 539,460 (1) 
 Equity compensation plans not 
 approved by securityholders 
 None. None. None. Total None. None. 539,460 (1) 
 
 (1) Consists of shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to the terms of the 2016 Plan. Stock awards that are repurchased or forfeited will be added to the shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2016 Plan. 
 Share awards to our Directors, officers, employees and other individuals who render services to us are described in Notes 9 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report. The remainder of the information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Index to Financial Statements 
 The following Consolidated Financial Statements of TravelCenters of America Inc. are included on the pages indicated: TravelCenters of America Inc. Audited Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 
 
 All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes to the consolidated financial statements and, therefore, have been omitted. 
 (b) Exhibits 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 15, 2023, by and among BP Products North America Inc., Bluestar RTM Inc. and TravelCenters of America Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2023). 
 3.1 
 Plan of Conversion (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 30, 2019) 
 3.2 
 Articles of Conversion of TravelCenters of America LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 30, 2019) 
 3.3 
 Articles of Incorporation of TravelCenters of America Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 30, 2019) 
 3.4 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of TravelCenters of America Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 26, 2020) 
 3.5 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of TravelCenters of America Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 30, 2019) 
 4.1 
 Form of Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Post - Effective Amendment to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed August 1, 2019) 
 4.2 
 Indenture by and between TravelCenters of America LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, dated as of January 15, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2013) 
 4.3 
 First Supplemental Indenture by and between TravelCenters of America LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, dated as of January 15, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2013) 
 4.4 
 Second Supplemental Indenture by and between TravelCenters of America LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, dated as of December 16, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on December 16, 2014) 
 4.5 
 Third Supplemental Indenture by and between TravelCenters of America LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, dated as of October 5, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on October 5, 2015) 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 4.6 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture by and between TravelCenters of America Inc. (as successor by statutory conversion to TravelCenters of America LLC) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, dated as of August 1, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 1, 2019) 
 4.7 
 Form of 8.25 Senior Notes due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.3 above) 
 4.8 
 Form of 8.00 Senior Notes due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.4 above) 
 4.9 
 Form of 8.00 Senior Notes due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.5 above) 
 4.10 
 Description of Securities of the Registrant Filed herewith 
 10.1 
 Transaction Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2007, by and among Hospitality Properties Trust, HPT TA Properties Trust, HPT TA Properties LLC, TravelCenters of America LLC and The RMR Group LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 filed on March 20, 2007) 
 10.2 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2008, between TravelCenters of America LLC and Hospitality Properties Trust (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2008, filed on August 11, 2008) 
 10.3 
 Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2011, by and among TravelCenters of America LLC, TA Leasing LLC, TA Operating LLC, as borrowers, each of the Guarantors named therein, Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC, as Agent, and the entities from time to time parties thereto as Lenders (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2011) 
 10.4 
 Joinder Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2014, by and among TravelCenters of America LLC, TA Leasing LLC, TA Operating LLC, TravelCenters of America Holding Company LLC, Petro Franchise Systems LLC, TA Franchise Systems LLC, TA Operating Nevada LLC, TA Operating Texas LLC, and Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2014, filed on August 21, 2014) 
 10.5 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2014, by and among TravelCenters of America LLC, TA Leasing LLC, TA Operating LLC, as borrowers, each of the Guarantors named therein, Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC, as Agent, and the entities from time to time parties thereto as Lenders (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2014) 
 10.6 
 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2019, by and among TravelCenters of America LLC and TA Operating LLC, as borrowers, each of the Guarantors named therein, Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC, as Agent, and the entities party thereto as Lenders (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 22, 2019) 
 10.7 
 Amendment No. 4 to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2020, among TravelCenters of America Inc. and TA Operating LLC, as borrowers, each of the guarantors named therein, Wells Fargo Capital Finance LLC, as agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2020) 
 10.8 
 Amended and Restated Business Management and Shared Services Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2015, by and between TravelCenters of America LLC and Reit Management Research LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, filed on March 13, 2015) 
 10. 9 
 Form of Share Award Agreement under the TravelCenters of America LLC 2016 Equity Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed on February 28, 2017) 
 10.10 
 WEX Merchant Acceptance Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2016, by and between WEX Inc. and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, filed on November 2, 2021) 
 10.11 
 Amendment # 1 to the WEX Merchant Acceptance Agreement, executed as of January 6, 2017, by and between WEX Inc. and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10- Q for the q u a r t e r l y p e r i o d ended September 30, 2021, filed on November 2, 2021) 
 10.12 
 Amendment # 4 to the WEX Merchant Acceptance Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2021, by and between WEX Inc. and TA Operating LLC Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 2 to our Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended De cember 31, 202 1 , filed on February 2 3, 2022 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 10.13 
 Amendment # 5 to the WEX Merchant Acceptance Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2022 , by and between WEX Inc. and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, filed on May 3, 2022) 
 10.1 4 
 Amended and Restated Amendment to Comdata Merchant Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2011, by and between Comdata Network, Inc. (now Comdata Inc.) and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ly period ended March 31, 2021, filed on May 4, 2021) 
 10.1 5 
 Second Amendment to the Comdata Merchant Agreement, effective as of December 4, 2020, by and between Comdata Inc. and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on February 26, 2021) 
 10.16 
 Third Amendment to the Comdata Merchant Agreement, effective as of April 14, 2022, by and between Comdata Inc. and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022, filed on August 2, 2022) 
 10.17 
 Fourth Amendment to the Comdata Merchant Agreement, effective as of May 20, 2022, by and between Comdata Inc. and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022, filed on August 2, 2022) 
 10.1 8 
 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2018, by and among HPT PSC Properties Trust, HPT PSC Properties LLC and TA Operating LLC (as successor to Petro Stopping Centers, L.P.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2018, filed on August 6, 2018) 
 10.1 9 
 Second Amended and Restated Lease Agreement No. 1, dated October 14, 2019, by and between HPT TA Properties Trust, HPT TA Properties LLC and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2019, filed November 5, 2019) 
 10.20 
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Lease Agreement No. 1, dated as of May 6, 2022, by and between HPT TA Properties Trust, HPT TA Properties LLC and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022, filed August 2, 2022) 
 10.21 
 Second Amended and Restated Lease Agreement No. 2, dated October 14, 2019, by and between HPT TA Properties Trust, HPT TA Properties LLC and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2019, filed November 5, 2019) 
 10.22 
 Second Amended and Restated Lease Agreement No. 3, dated October 14, 2019, by and between HPT TA Properties Trust, HPT TA Properties LLC and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2019, filed November 5, 2019) 
 10.23 
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Lease Agreement No. 3, dated as of October 31, 2022, by and between HPT TA Properties Trust, HPT TA Properties LLC and TA Operating LLC (filed herewith) 
 10.24 
 Assignment of Lease; Acceptance of Assignment and Assumption of Lease; Landlord's Partial Release of Assignor and Consent to Assignment of Lease; and Amendment of Lease (filed herewith) 
 10.25 
 Second Amended and Restated Lease Agreement No. 4, dated October 14, 2019, by and between HPT TA Properties Trust, HPT TA Properties LLC and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2019, filed November 5, 2019) 
 10.26 
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Lease Agreement No. 4, dated as of March 9, 2021, by and between HPT TA Properties Trust, HPT TA Properties LLC and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021, filed May 4, 2021) 
 10.27 
 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Lease Agreement No. 4, dated as of November 9, 2021, by and between HPT TA Properties Trust, HPT TA Properties LLC and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed February 23, 2022) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed February 23, 2022) 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 10.28 
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement No. 5, dated October 14, 2019, by and among Highway Ventures Properties Trust, Highway Ventures Properties LLC and TA Operating LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2019, filed November 5, 2019) 
 10.29 
 Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement, dated October 14, 2019, by TravelCenters of America Inc. for the benefit of HPT TA Properties Trust and HPT TA Properties LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2019, filed November 5, 2019) 
 10.30 
 Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement, dated October 14, 2019, by TravelCenters of America Inc. for the benefit of HPT TA Properties Trust and HPT TA Properties LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2019, filed November 5, 2019) 
 10.31 
 Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement, dated October 14, 2019, by TravelCenters of America Inc. for the benefit of HPT TA Properties Trust and HPT TA Properties LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2019, filed November 5, 2019) 
 10.32 
 Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement, dated October 14, 2019, by TravelCenters of America Inc. for the benefit of HPT TA Properties Trust and HPT TA Properties LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2019, filed November 5, 2019) 
 10.33 
 Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement, dated October 14, 2019, by TravelCenters of America Inc. for the benefit of Highway Ventures Properties Trust and Highway Ventures Properties LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2019, filed November 5, 2019) 
 10.34 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the TravelCenters of America Inc. 2016 Equity Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.85 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2020) 
 10.35 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Compensation Plan, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2021) 
 10.36 
 Summary of Director Compensation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2022) 
 10.37 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the TravelCenters of America Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on February 26, 2021) 
 10.38 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2020 among TravelCenters of America Inc., Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, Delaware Trust Company, as collateral agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2020) 
 10.39 
 Consent and Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2023, by and among the parties identified therein as the SVC parties, the parties identified therein as the TCA parties and BP Products North America Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2023). 
 10.40 
 Form of Executive Severance Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2023). 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of TravelCenters of America Inc. (filed herewith) 
 23.1 
 Consent of Deloi t te Touche LLP (filed herewith) 
 23.2 
 Consent of RSM US LLP (filed herewith) 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith) 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith) 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (furnished herewith) 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith) 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Confidential treatment has been granted as to certain portions of this Exhibit. 
 Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of TravelCenters of America Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of TravelCenters of America Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and stockholders' equity, for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1, 2023 , expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of Real and Personal Property Assets in Certain Acquisitions Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company completed several acquisitions during 2022 for an aggregate purchase price of 109.5 million. The purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values. 
 
 We identified the valuation of Real Personal Property totaling 42.8 million with respect to certain of the acquisitions (the Acquisitions as a critical audit matter because of the estimates made by management to determine the fair value of these assets. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our valuation specialists when performing audit procedures over the fair value of acquired Real Personal Property. 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to real and personal property assets included the following, among others: 
 
 Tested the effectiveness of controls over business combinations, including the determination that these acquisitions should be accounted for as business combinations rather than asset acquisitions. 
 Assessed the qualifications of management s valuation specialists. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists: 
 Evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) valuation methodologies, (2) current market data, (3) cost to replace or reproduce comparable assets, 
 Tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculation, 
 Developed a range of independent estimates and compared our estimates to those used by management. 
 Tested the underlying data that served as the basis for the valuation to test that the inputs were accurate and complete. 
 Tested the existence for a sample of assets acquired through observation. 
 Considered any events or transactions occurring after the acquisition date that may indicate a different valuation for the real and personal property assets acquired. 
 
 Evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the Acquisitions to assess their conformity with the applicable accounting standards. 
 
 /s/ 

March 1, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TravelCenters of America Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and stockholders equity for each of the two years in the period then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2014 to 2022. 

February 23, 2022 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (dollars in thousands, except par value amount) 

 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets: Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Inventory Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity: Current liabilities: Accounts payable Current operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long term debt, net Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value, and shares of common stock 
 authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and and 
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Fuel Nonfuel Rent and royalties from franchisees Total revenues Costs and expenses: Fuel product cost Nonfuel product cost Site level operating expense Selling, general and administrative expense Real estate rent expense Depreciation and amortization expense Other operating income, net ) ) Income from operations Interest expense, net Other (income) expense, net ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) (Provision) benefit for income taxes ) ) Net income (loss) ) Less: net loss for noncontrolling interest ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: Foreign currency income (loss), net of taxes of ), and , respectively 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 
 ) Net income (loss) per share of common stock attributable to common stockholders: 
 Basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (dollars in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Deferred rent payments and noncash rent adjustments ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense Gain on sale of assets ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Other, net Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Acquisitions of travel centers and other sites, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from other asset sales Investment in equity investee ) ) ) Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net proceeds from underwritten equity offering Long term debt borrowings Payments on long term debt ) ) ) Acquisition of stock for tax withholding ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Lease modification (operating to finance lease) Interest paid (net of capitalized interest of , and as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 
 Income taxes paid (refunded) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (dollars and shares in thousands) 

Number of Shares of Common Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Accumulated Deficit) Retained Earnings Total TA Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders Equity December 31, 2019 ) ) Grants under share award plan and 
 stock based compensation, net 
 Proceeds from underwritten public 
 equity offering 
 Distributions to noncontrolling 
 interest 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes 
 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) Grants under share award plan and 
 stock based compensation, net 
 Distributions to noncontrolling 
 interest 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 
 Net income ) December 31, 2021 ) ) Grants under share award plan and 
 stock based compensation, net 
 Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 
 Net income December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

1. 
 travel centers, standalone truck service facilities and standalone restaurants. Our customers include trucking fleets and their drivers, independent truck drivers, highway and local motorists and casual diners. We also collect rents, royalties and other fees from our tenants and franchisees. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our business included travel centers in states in the United States, primarily along the U.S. interstate highway system, operated primarily under the TravelCenters of America, TA, TA Express, Petro Stopping Centers and Petro brand names. Of these travel centers, we owned , we leased , we operated for a joint venture and were owned or leased from others by our franchisees. We operated of our travel centers and franchisees operated travel centers. Our travel centers offer a broad range of products and services, including diesel fuel and gasoline, as well as nonfuel products and services such as a wide range of truck repair and maintenance services, diesel exhaust fluid, full service restaurants, or FSRs, quick service restaurants, or QSRs, and various customer amenities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our business included standalone truck service facilities operated under the TA Truck Service brand name. Of these standalone truck service facilities, we leased and owned . Our standalone truck service facilities offer extensive maintenance and emergency repair and roadside services to large trucks. 
 On April 21, 2021, we completed the sale of our Quaker Steak Lube, or QSL, business for excluding costs to sell and certain closing adjustments. See Note 3 of this Annual Report for more information about the sale of our QSL business. 
 segment. We make specific disclosures concerning fuel and nonfuel products and services because they facilitate our discussion of trends and operational initiatives within our business and industry. On April 26, 2022, we ceased operations at our only travel center located in a foreign country, Canada, which we did not consider material to our operations. In March 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our Canadian travel center. In December 2022, due to circumstances that were considered unlikely at the time the agreement was executed, we exercised our right to terminate the agreement. As a result, we are actively seeking other buyers for the property. See Note 3 for more information about the closure of this travel center. 
 See Note 11 for more information about our equity investments. 
 
 The Proposed Merger 
 On February 15, 2023, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, or the Merger Agreement, with BP Products North America Inc., a Maryland corporation, or BP, Bluestar RTM Inc., a Maryland corporation and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of BP, or Merger Subsidiary, pursuant to which Merger Subsidiary will merge with and into the Company, or the Merger, with the Company surviving the Merger. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to the closing of the Merger, the Company expects the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement to occur by mid-year 2023. See Note 17 for further information about the Merger Agreement. 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 Revenue Recognition. Revenues consist of fuel revenues, nonfuel revenues and rents and royalties from franchisees. See Note 2 for more information about our revenues. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

per account and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts in excess of the insurance limits. We regularly monitor the financial stability of these financial institutions and believe that we are not exposed to any significant credit risk in cash and cash equivalents. 

to years 
 Machinery and equipment to years 
 Furniture and fixtures to years 
 
 We depreciate leasehold improvements over the shorter of the lives shown above or the remaining term of the underlying lease. 
 See Note 5 for more information about our goodwill and intangible assets. 
 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 impairment charges were recorded during 2022. During 2021 and 2020, based on our evaluation of certain low performing owned and leased standalone restaurants, we incurred impairment charges of and , respectively, related to our property and equipment and related to our operating lease assets during 2020. 
 We assess intangible assets with definite lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. Definite lived intangible assets primarily include our agreements with franchisees and reacquired franchise rights. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we did not record any impairment charges related to, or recognize a revision to the remaining period of amortization of, our definite lived intangible assets. 
 We evaluate goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable, using either a quantitative or qualitative analysis. Indefinite lived intangible assets consisted of trademarks and their fair value was determined using a relief from royalty method. We subject goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets to further evaluation and recognize impairment charges when events and circumstances indicate the carrying value of the goodwill or indefinite lived intangible asset exceeds the fair market value of the asset. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually as of July 31, or more frequently if the circumstances warrant. We have reporting unit, travel centers, due to the sale of our QSL business in April 2021. As of July 31, 2022 and 2021, we evaluated our travel centers reporting unit for impairment using a qualitative analysis which included evaluating financial trends, industry and market conditions and assessing the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the most recent quantitative analysis, including comparing actual results to the projections used in the quantitative analysis. Based on the assessment performed, we concluded that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of the travel centers reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. Annual impairment testing for the travel centers reporting unit for 2020 was performed using a quantitative analysis under which the fair value of our reporting unit was estimated using both an income approach and a market approach. Based on our analysis in 2020, we concluded that goodwill for our travel centers reporting unit was not impaired. During 2020, we performed an impairment assessment of the goodwill in our QSL reporting unit using the same quantitative analysis approach that we historically followed for our goodwill impairment assessments. Based on our analysis, during the second quarter of 2020, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of related to our QSL reporting unit prior to its disposal. 
 We evaluate indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment as of November 30, or more frequently if the circumstances warrant. During 2022, 2021 and 2020 indefinite lived intangible assets were assessed using a qualitative analysis that was performed by assessing certain trends and factors, including actual sales and operating profit margins, discount rates, industry data and other relevant qualitative factors. These trends and factors were compared to, and based on, the assumptions used in the most recent quantitative assessment. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we did not record any impairment charges related to our indefinite lived intangible assets. 
 equal annual installments beginning on the date of the award. Compensation expense related to stock awards is determined based on the market value of our shares of common stock on the date of the award with the aggregate value of the shares of common stock awarded amortized to expense over the period of time over which the stock based payments vest. We recognize forfeited stock awards as they occur. We include stock based compensation expense in selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 See Note 14 for more information on our estimated future environmental costs. 
 
 In our consolidated balance sheets, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accrual for self-insurance costs was and , respectively, of which and are included in other noncurrent liabilities and and are presented in other current liabilities, respectively. 
 Our asset retirement obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were and , respectively, and are presented in other noncurrent liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 leases with Service Properties Trust, or SVC. The SVC Leases (as defined below) are triple net leases that require us to pay all costs incurred in the operation of the leased properties, including costs related to personnel, utilities, inventory acquisition and provision of services to customers, insurance, real estate and personal property taxes, environmental related expenses, underground storage tank removal costs and ground lease payments at those properties at which SVC leases the property and subleases it to us. We also are required generally to indemnify SVC for certain environmental matters and for liabilities that arise during the terms of the leases from ownership or operation of the leased properties and, at lease expiration, we are required to pay an amount equal to an estimate of the cost of removing underground storage tanks on the leased properties. We recognize operating lease assets and liabilities for all leases with an initial term greater than 12 months. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recognized in our consolidated balance sheets. Our operating lease liabilities represent the present value of our unpaid lease payments. The discount rate used to derive the present value of unpaid lease payments is based on the rates implicit in our leases with SVC and our incremental borrowing rate for all other leases. Certain of our leases include renewal options, and certain of our leases include escalation clauses and purchase options. Renewal periods are included in calculating our lease assets and liabilities when they are reasonably certain. We evaluate the potential inclusion of renewal periods on a case by case basis, based on terms of the applicable renewal option, the availability of comparable replacement property and our ability to bear the exit costs associated with the termination of the lease, among other things. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 See Note 8 for more information about our leases with SVC and our accounting for these leases. 
 See Note 10 for more information about our income taxes. 

2. 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 of our diesel fuel volume was sold at discounts to posted prices under pricing and rebate arrangements with our fleet customers. 
 Nonfuel Revenues. We recognize nonfuel revenues and the related costs at the time of sale to customers at our company operated locations. We sell a variety of nonfuel products and services at stated retail prices in our travel centers and standalone restaurant, as well as through our TA Truck Service Emergency Roadside Assistance, TA Truck Service Mobile Maintenance, and TA Commercial Tire Network programs. Truck repair and maintenance goods or services may be sold at discounted prices under pricing and rebate arrangements with certain customers. 
 Rent and Royalties from Franchisees Revenues. We recognize franchise royalties and advertising fees from franchisees as revenue monthly based on the franchisees sales data reported to us. Royalty revenues are contractual as a percentage of the franchisees revenues and advertising fees are contractual as either a percentage of the franchisees revenues or as a fixed amount. When we enter into a new franchise agreement or a renewal term with an existing franchisee, the franchisee is required to pay an initial or renewal franchise fee. Initial and renewal franchise fees are recognized as revenue on a straight line basis over the term of the respective franchise agreements. 
 During 2022, we acquired the operating assets related to the travel centers we previously leased to franchisees. See Note 3 and Note 8 for more information about the travel centers we previously leased to franchisees. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 Store and retail services Restaurant Diesel exhaust fluid Total nonfuel revenues 
 Contract Liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2021, our contract liability balances (for customer loyalty programs, deferred franchise fees and gift cards) totaled , of which was recognized as revenue throughout 2022. As of December 31, 2022, our contract liability balances totaled and are presented in our consolidated balance sheets in other current and other noncurrent liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, the deferred initial and renewal franchise fee revenue of expected to be recognized in future periods is approximately for each of the years 2023 through 2027. As of December 31, 2022, we expect the unsatisfied performance obligations, relating to our customer loyalty programs and other contract liabilities of , will generally be satisfied within months. 

3. 
 , we acquired independent travel centers, previously franchised travel centers, and truck service facilities, which were accounted for as either asset acquisitions or business combinations depending on the nature of the transaction. We also acquired certain assets as a result of the assumed operation of travel centers which are owned by us, but which we previously leased and franchised to former tenants/franchisees. 
 We have included the operating results and purchase price allocations for each acquisition in our consolidated financial statements beginning as of the date of acquisition. The pro forma impact of these acquisitions, including the respective results of operations from the beginning of the periods presented, are not material to our consolidated financial statements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded immaterial measurement period adjustments for acquisitions completed. 
 The fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed were based on the information available as of the acquisition date. All of the goodwill in the table below was assigned to the single travel centers reporting unit. The factors that contributed to the recognition of goodwill for our acquisitions primarily include the benefits related to various customer and purchasing synergies, along with the value of assembled workforces in place at the acquired travel centers. 
 based on the contractual lives of the applicable franchise agreements. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 Inventories Property and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Other assets and liabilities ) Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
 Woodstock Ontario, Canada Site 
 In March 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our travel center located in the city of Woodstock, Ontario, Canada, or Woodstock, which we stopped operating in April 2022. In December 2022, due to circumstances that were considered unlikely at the time the agreement was executed, we exercised our right to terminate the agreement. As a result, we are actively seeking other buyers for the property. We classified certain Woodstock assets as held for sale because the circumstances met, and continue to meet, the applicable criteria for that treatment as set forth in ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment. As of December 31, 2022, the held for sale assets and liabilities consisted of inventory of , property and equipment, net of and other current liabilities of . We do not believe that this potential sale represents a strategic shift in our business, and we do not consider the Canadian travel center to be material to our operations. 
 In connection with the closure of the travel center in April 2022, we recognized expenses of for employee termination benefits, which were paid in the second quarter of 2022, and related to environmental remediation. These expenses were included in site level operating expense in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 2021 Disposition Activity 
 On April 21, 2021, we completed the sale of our QSL business for , excluding costs to sell and certain closing adjustments. We did not treat the sale of QSL as a discontinued operation, as we concluded that its effect was not material and did not represent a strategic shift in our business. As of the date of sale, our QSL business included standalone restaurants in states in the United States operated primarily under the QSL brand name. 
 loss on the sale of QSL, which was included in other operating income, net, , which included and recognized during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 4. 
 Land and improvements Leasehold improvements Buildings and improvements Construction in progress Property and equipment, at cost Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization Property and equipment, net 
 Total depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was , and , respectively, which included of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Aggregate capital expenditures for property and equipment included in accounts payable and other current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

5. 
 and , all of which relates to our single travel centers reporting unit. Our gross goodwill increased by as a result of acquisitions completed in 2022. There were no changes in our accumulated goodwill impairment balance of . See Note 3 for more information about acquisitions completed in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, all of our goodwill balance is deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 ) Reacquired franchise rights ) Leasehold interests ) Other ) Total amortizable intangible assets ) Carrying value of trademarks (indefinite lives) Intangible assets, net ) 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 ) Leasehold interests ) Other ) Total amortizable intangible assets ) Carrying value of trademarks (indefinite lives) Intangible assets, net ) 
 Total amortization expense for amortizable intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was , and , respectively. 
 We amortize our definite-lived intangible assets over a weighted average period of approximately . 2024 2025 2026 2027 

6. 
 Accrued wages and benefits Customer loyalty program accruals Self-insurance program accruals, current portion Accrued capital expenditures Current portion of long term debt Other Total other current liabilities 

7. 
 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 2028 Senior Notes 
 2029 Senior Notes 
 2030 Senior Notes 
 West Greenwich Loan 
 Term Loan Facility Other Total long term debt Less current portion Total long term debt, net 
 
 Senior Notes 
 Our 2028 Senior Notes were issued in January 2013 and require us to pay interest quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year. No principal payments are required prior to the maturity date. The 2028 Senior Notes mature on January 15, 2028. We may, at our option, at any time redeem some or all of the 2028 Senior Notes by paying of the principal amount of the 2028 Senior Notes to be redeemed plus accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 Our 2029 Senior Notes were issued in December 2014 and require us to pay interest quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30 of each year. No principal payments are required prior to the maturity date. The 2029 Senior Notes mature on December 15, 2029. We may, at our option, at any time redeem some or all of the 2029 Senior Notes by paying of the principal amount of the 2029 Senior Notes to be redeemed plus accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 Our 2030 Senior Notes were issued in October 2015 and require us to pay interest quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year. No principal payments are required prior to the maturity date. The 2030 Senior Notes mature on October 15, 2030. We may, at our option, at any time redeem some or all of the 2030 Senior Notes by paying of the principal amount of the 2030 Senior Notes to be redeemed plus accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 We refer to the 2028 Senior Notes, 2029 Senior Notes and 2030 Senior Notes collectively as our Senior Notes, which are our senior unsecured obligations. The indenture governing our Senior Notes does not limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur. We may issue additional debt from time to time. Our Senior Notes are presented in our consolidated balance sheets as long term debt, net of deferred financing costs. We estimate that, based on their trading prices (a Level 2 input), the aggregate fair value of our Senior Notes was on December 31, 2022. 
 Term Loan Facility 
 We have a Term Loan Facility, which is secured by a pledge of all the equity interests of substantially all of our wholly owned subsidiaries, a pledge, subject to the prior interest of the lenders under our Credit Facility, of substantially all of our other assets and the assets of such wholly owned subsidiaries and mortgages on certain of our fee owned real properties. We used the net proceeds of from our Term Loan Facility for general business purposes, including the funding of deferred capital expenditures, updates to key information technology infrastructure and growth initiatives consistent with our Transformation Plan. Interest on amounts outstanding under the Term Loan Facility are calculated at LIBOR, with a LIBOR floor of basis points, plus basis points and the Term Loan Facility matures on December 14, 2027. Our Term Loan Facility requires periodic interest payments based on the interest period selected and quarterly principal payments of , or of the original principal amount annually. In addition, beginning with the year ended December 31, 2021 and for each twelve month calendar year period thereafter (each considered an Excess Cash Flow Period , as defined), we are required to calculate Excess Cash Flow, as defined, and prepay an amount equal to Excess Cash Flow less other specified adjustments. The prepayment, as calculated, is due 95 days after the end of the respective Excess Cash Flow Period. There was no required 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 with The Washington Trust Company, or the West Greenwich Loan. The West Greenwich Loan is secured by a mortgage encumbering our travel center located in West Greenwich, Rhode Island. The interest rate is fixed at through February 7, 2025, and resets thereafter, based on the five year Federal Home Loan Bank rate plus basis points. The West Greenwich Loan requires us to make principal and interest payments monthly. The proceeds from the West Greenwich Loan were used for general business purposes. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 We and certain of our subsidiaries are parties to the Credit Facility that matures on July 19, 2024. Under the Credit Facility, a maximum of may be drawn, repaid and redrawn until maturity. The availability of this maximum amount is subject to limits based on qualified collateral. Subject to available collateral and lender participation, the maximum amount of this Credit Facility may be increased to . The Credit Facility may be used for general business purposes and allows for the issuance of letters of credit. Generally, no principal payments are due until maturity. Under the terms of the Credit Facility, interest is payable on outstanding borrowings at a rate based on, at our option, LIBOR or a base rate, plus a premium (which premium is subject to adjustment based upon facility availability, utilization and other matters). As of December 31, 2022, based on our qualified collateral, a total of was available to us for loans and letters of credit under the Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, there were borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility and of letters of credit issued under that facility, which reduced the amount available for borrowing under the Credit Facility, leaving available for our use as of that date. The Credit Facility contains various covenants that we believe are usual and customary. These covenants include a maximum allowed leverage ratio. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants of the Credit Facility. As of February 27, 2023, there were borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility and approximately available under the Credit Facility for our use as of that date. 
 Debt Maturities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (1) 
 
 (1) Total consolidated debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022, net of unamortized discounts and deferred financing costs totaling , was . 
 Discount and Deferred Financing Costs 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unamortized balance of our deferred financing costs related to our Credit Facility were and , respectively, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively, and are presented in other noncurrent assets in our consolidated balance sheets. During 2021, we capitalized costs incurred related to the amendments of our Credit Facility of . During 2022, we did t capitalize any costs related to our Credit Facility. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 and , respectively, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively, and are presented in our consolidated balance sheets as a reduction of long term debt, net. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded a discount and capitalized of financing costs in connection with our Term Loan Facility and capitalized of financing costs in connection with our West Greenwich Loan. We estimate we will recognize future amortization of discount and deferred financing costs of in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026 and in 2027. 
 We recognized interest expense from the amortization of discount and deferred financing costs of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

8. 
 leases with SVC, which are further described below. 
 ground lease pursuant to SVC Lease were classified as finance leases. Finance lease assets were included in other noncurrent assets , with the corresponding current and noncurrent finance lease liabilities included in other current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities , respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Leasing Agreements with SVC 
 As of December 31, 2022, we leased from SVC a total of properties under leases. We refer to these leases collectively as the SVC Leases. The SVC Leases expire between 2029 and 2035, subject to our right to extend those leases. We have renewal options of years each under each of the SVC Leases. The SVC Leases are triple net leases that require us to pay all costs incurred in the operation of the leased properties, including costs related to personnel, utilities, inventory acquisition and provision of services to customers, insurance, real estate and personal property taxes, environmental related expenses, underground storage tank removal costs and ground lease payments at those properties at which SVC leases the property and subleases it to us. We also are required generally to indemnify SVC for certain environmental matters and for liabilities that arise during the terms of the leases from ownership or operation of the leased properties and, at lease expiration, we are required to pay an amount equal to an estimate of the cost of removing underground storage tanks on the leased properties. The SVC Leases require us to maintain the leased properties, including structural and non-structural components. 
 On March 9, 2021, we and SVC amended of the SVC Leases to reflect the renewal of a third party ground lease at of the travel center properties that we lease from SVC. This ground lease, which was previously accounted for as an operating lease, is now accounted for as a finance lease. As a result of this ground lease modification, we recorded in other noncurrent assets, in other current liabilities and in other noncurrent liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets in the first quarter of 2021. 
 We recognized total real estate rent expense under the SVC Leases of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Included in these rent expense amounts are percentage rent payable of , , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are based on a percentage of the increases in total nonfuel revenues at each leased property over base year levels, net adjustments to record minimum annual rent on a straight line basis over the terms of the leases, the estimated future payments by us for the cost of removing underground storage tanks on a straight line basis and the benefit of other lease incentives. As of December 31, 2022, the present value of the estimated future payments related to these underground storage tanks were and are recorded in other noncurrent liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. In addition, we paid of our deferred rent obligations during the years ended December 31, 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 as of December 31, 2022, and we paid that amount in January 2023. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our aggregate annual minimum rent payable to SVC under the SVC Leases was . Pursuant to the SVC Leases, we may request that SVC purchase qualifying capital improvements we make at the leased travel centers in return for increased annual minimum rent. We did t sell to SVC any improvements we made to properties leased from SVC during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 As permitted by the SVC Leases, we sublease a portion of certain travel centers to third parties to operate other retail operations. These subleases are classified as operating leases. We recognized sublease rental income of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Lease Costs 
 Our lease costs are included in various balances in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), as shown in the following table. 
 
 Operating lease costs: other Real estate rent expense Variable lease costs: SVC Leases Real estate rent expense Variable lease costs: other Real estate rent expense Total real estate rent expense Operating lease costs: Equipment 
 and other 
 Site level operating expense and selling, general and administrative expense 
 Financing lease costs - Equipment and other Site level operating expense Short-term lease costs Site level operating expense and selling, general and administrative expense 
 Amortization of finance lease assets: SVC Leases Depreciation and amortization expense Amortization of finance lease assets: other Depreciation and amortization expense Interest on finance lease liabilities: SVC Leases Interest expense, net Interest on finance lease liabilities: other Interest expense, net Sublease income Nonfuel revenues ) ) ) Net lease costs 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized an impairment charge of relating to our operating lease assets with respect to our QSL business. 
 Lease Assets and Liabilities 

F-21 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 Other Total operating lease assets Current operating lease liabilities: SVC Leases Other Total current operating lease liabilities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities: SVC Leases Other Total noncurrent operating lease liabilities 
 
 Other Total finance lease assets Current finance lease liabilities: SVC Leases Other Total current finance lease liabilities Noncurrent finance lease liabilities: SVC Leases Other Total noncurrent finance lease liabilities 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total operating lease payments Less: present value discount (2) 
 ) ) ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 (1) Includes rent for properties we sublease from SVC. 
 (2) The discount rate used to derive the present value of unpaid lease payments is based on the rates implicit in the SVC Leases and our incremental borrowing rate for all other leases, including properties we sublease from SVC. 
 The weighted average remaining lease term for our operating leases as of December 31, 2022 was approximately years. Our weighted average discount rate for our operating leases as of December 31, 2022 was approximately . 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we paid real estate rent payments of and , respectively, and non-real estate operating lease payments of and , respectively for amounts that had been included in the measurement of our operating lease liabilities. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total finance lease payments Less: present value discount (2) 
 ) ) ) Present value of finance lease liabilities 
 (1) Includes rent for properties we sublease from SVC. 
 (2) The discount rate used to derive the present value of unpaid lease payments is based on our incremental borrowing rate. 
 The weighted average remaining lease term for our finance leases as of December 31, 2022 was approximately years. Our weighted average discount rate for our finance leases as of December 31, 2022 was approximately . 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 and , respectively, for amounts that had been included in the measurement of our finance lease liabilities. 
 As a Lessor 
 During 2022, we acquired the operating assets related to travel centers we previously leased to franchisees. These lease agreements expired in June 2022. from these operating leases totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 3 for more information regarding these acquisitions. See above for information regarding certain travel centers that we lease from SVC for which we sublease a portion of the travel centers to third parties to operate other retail operations. We also lease portions of properties we own to third parties to operate other retail operations. 

9. 
 . The plan as amended, is referred to as the 2016 Plan. Under the terms of the 2016 Plan, shares of common stock have been authorized for issuance under the terms of the 2016 Plan. The 2016 Plan replaced the Amended and Restated TravelCenters of America LLC 2007 Equity Compensation Plan, or the 2007 Plan. No additional awards have been made under the 2007 Plan and the shares of common stock previously registered for offer and sale under the 2007 Plan but not yet issued were deregistered, although shares of common stock awarded under the 2007 Plan that had not yet vested have continued to vest in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the related awards. We refer to the 2007 Plan and 2016 Plan collectively as the Share Award Plans. 
 We awarded a total of , and shares of common stock under the 2016 Plan during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, with aggregate market values of , and , respectively, based on the closing prices of our shares of common stock on the Nasdaq on the dates of the awards. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized total stock compensation expense of , and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the vesting date fair value of shares of common stock that vested was , and , respectively. 
 Shares of common stock issued to Directors in that capacity vested immediately and the related compensation expense was recognized on the date of the award. Shares of common stock issued to others in a non-Director capacity vest in five or ten equal annual installments beginning on the date of the award. The related compensation expense was determined based on the market value of our shares of common stock on the date of the award with the aggregate value of the awarded shares of common stock expensed over the period of time in which the stock based payments vest. As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock remained available for issuance under the 2016 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there was a total of of stock based compensation expense related to unvested shares of common stock that will be expensed over a weighted average remaining service period of approximately . 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) Unvested shares of common stock as of December 31, 2020 
 349000 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) Unvested shares of common stock as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) Unvested shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Stock Repurchases 
 Certain recipients of stock awards may elect to have us withhold the number of their vesting shares of common stock with a fair market value sufficient to fund the required tax withholding obligations with respect to their stock awards. The shares that are withheld for tax obligations are not reissued and are recorded in additional paid-in capital in our consolidated balance sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we acquired through this share withholding process , and shares of common stock, respectively, with an aggregate value of , and , respectively. 
 Net Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock Attributable to Common Stockholders 
 We calculate basic earnings per share of common stock by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders for the period by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during the period. The net income (loss) attributable to participating securities is deducted from our net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders to determine the net income (loss) available to common stockholders. We calculate diluted earnings per share of common stock by adjusting weighted average outstanding shares of common stock, assuming conversion of all potentially dilutive stock securities, using the treasury stock method; but we had dilutive stock securities outstanding as of December 31, 2022, nor at any time during the three year period then ended. Unvested shares of common stock issued under our Share Award Plans are deemed participating securities because they participate equally in earnings and losses with all of our other shares of common stock. 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 ) Less: net income (loss) attributable to participating securities 
 ) Net income (loss) available to common stockholders 
 ) Weighted average shares of common stock (1) 
 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock attributable to common stockholders 
 
 (1) Excludes unvested shares of common stock awarded under our Share Award Plans, which shares of common stock are considered participating securities because they participate equally in earnings and losses with all of our other shares of common stock. The weighted average number of unvested shares of common stock outstanding was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Underwritten Public Equity Offering 
 On July 6, 2020, we received net proceeds of , after of offering costs and of underwriting discounts and commissions, from the sale and issuance of shares of our common stock in an underwritten public equity offering. We used the net proceeds from this offering to fund deferred maintenance and other capital expenditures necessary to enhance property conditions and implement growth initiatives, for working capital and for general corporate purposes. 

10. 
 ) Foreign ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 State ) ) ) Foreign ) Total current tax (provision) benefit ) ) Deferred tax (provision) benefit: Federal ) ) State ) ) Total deferred tax (provision) benefit ) ) Total (provision) benefit for income taxes ) ) 
 Components of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 Deferred income tax balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. We state those balances at the enacted tax rates we expect will be in effect when we pay or recover the taxes. 
 Tax credit carryforwards Leasing arrangements Reserves Asset retirement obligations Other Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Goodwill and intangible assets ) ) Leasing arrangements ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax (liabilities) assets ) 

F-27 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 , state gross operating loss carryforwards of and federal tax credit carryforwards of . We expect to utilize all federal net operating losses and federal tax credits prior to them expiring. We released the valuation allowance of that was recorded as of December 31, 2021 as we expect to utilize all state net operating losses prior to them expiring . In the event of an ownership change, utilization of the net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards would be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382. We have completed a Section 382 study and have determined that our net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards are not subject to a limitation as there have been no changes in ownership by more than 50 over a three-year period. 
 
 Deferred tax assets are evaluated, and a valuation allowance is established if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. As of December 31, 2022 we had a total valuation allowance on our foreign credit carryforwards, capital loss carryforwards and deferred tax assets in foreign jurisdictions. The increase in valuation allowance primarily relates to the capital loss carryforward of generated in 2022. The changes in the valuation allowance in 2022, 2021 and 2020 included charges to expense and other deductions that were immaterial. 
 Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation 
 Our effective tax rates on income(loss) before income taxes were , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.) ) State income tax (provision) benefit, net of federal impact ) ) Tax credits Nondeductible executive compensation ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) Other, net ) ) Total (provision) benefit for income taxes ) ) 
 Our income is primarily domestic. Income and income tax from foreign operations are not material for any periods presented. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 Each year we file income tax returns in the various federal, state and local income taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. These tax returns are subject to examination and possible challenge by the taxing authorities. Positions challenged by the taxing authorities may be settled or appealed by us. As a result, there is an uncertainty in income taxes recognized in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with ASC Topic 740. We apply this guidance by defining criteria that an individual income tax position must meet for any part of the benefit of that position to be recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and provides guidance on measurement, derecognition, classification, accounting for interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. The liability for unrecognized tax benefits was as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions are recognized as components of the Provision for income taxes. The liability for payment of interest and penalties was as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Our U.S. federal income tax returns are subject to tax examinations for the years ended December 31, 2010, December 31, 2016, and December 31, 2019, through the current period. As of December 31, 2022 , there are no federal income tax audits in progress. Our state and Canadian income tax returns are generally subject to examination for the tax years ended December 31, 2018, through the current period. To the extent we have tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted by the taxing authorities to the extent the carryforwards are utilized in a subsequent year. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

11. 
 As of December 31, 2021 Income (loss) from equity investments: Year ended December 31, 2022 ) Year ended December 31, 2021 ) ) Year ended December 31, 2020 ) ) 
 (1) Includes our investments in Affiliates Insurance Company, or AIC, Nikola - TA HRS 1, LLC, or Nikola-TA, and QuikQ LLC, or QuikQ. 
 Petro Travel Plaza Holdings LLC 
 Petro Travel Plaza Holdings LLC, or PTP, is a joint venture between us and Tejon Development Corporation that owns travel centers, convenience stores and standalone restaurant in California. We own a interest in PTP and we receive a management fee from PTP to operate these locations. We recognized management fee income of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is included in nonfuel revenues in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 QuikQ LLC 
 QuikQ, an independent full-service fuel payment solutions provider, was a joint venture between us and Love s Travel Stops Country Stores, Inc. 
 On April 30, 2021, we reduced our ownership in Epona, LLC, or Epona, owner of QuikQ, from to less than , for which a pre-tax loss of was recognized in other expense, net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) during the year ended December 31, 2021. As a result of the reduction in ownership in 2021, we had no further funding obligations. In December 2022, we voluntarily withdrew from the partnership and as a result, have no further ownership interest in Epona. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a pre-tax loss of , which was recognized in other expense, net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 Affiliates Insurance Company 
 In connection with the dissolution of AIC on February 13, 2020, we received the final capital distribution in December 2022 of . See Note 13 for more information regarding our prior investment in AIC. 
 Nikola - TA HRS 1, LLC 
 In March 2022, we entered into a series of agreements with Nikola Corporation which established a joint venture, Nikola-TA. The operations expected to be performed by the joint venture consist of the development, operation and maintenance of a hydrogen fueling station. Operations have not commenced as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 interest in Nikola-TA. Both parties are entitled to appoint an equal number of board members to the management committee of the joint venture. Pursuant to the terms of the agreements, we are obligated to contribute up to approximately to Nikola-TA, of which we contributed to Nikola-TA during 2022. 
 Summarized Financial Information 
 Income from operations Net (loss) income ) 

12. 
 of the sum of our fuel gross margin, as defined in the business management agreement, plus our total nonfuel revenues. The fee is payable monthly and totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are included in selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 The current term of our business management agreement with RMR ends on December 31, 2023, and automatically renews for successive terms unless we or RMR gives notice of non-renewal before the end of an applicable term. RMR may terminate the business management agreement upon days written notice, and we may terminate upon days written notice, subject to approval by a majority vote of our Independent Directors. If we terminate or do not renew the business management agreement other than for cause, as defined, we are obligated to pay RMR a termination fee equal to times the annual base management fee and the annual internal audit services expense, which amounts are based on averages during the consecutive calendar months prior to the date of notice of termination or nonrenewal. 
 
 We are also generally responsible for all of our expenses and certain expenses incurred or arranged by RMR on our behalf. RMR also provides internal audit services to us and we pay to RMR our share of the total internal audit costs incurred by RMR for us and other publicly owned companies to which RMR or its subsidiaries provide management services, which amounts are subject to approval by our Compensation Committee. The amounts recognized as expense for RMR internal audit costs allocated to us were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are included in selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) and are in addition to the business management fees paid to RMR. 
 Pursuant to our business management agreement, RMR may from time to time negotiate on our behalf with certain third party vendors and suppliers for the procurement of services to us. As part of this arrangement, we may enter agreements with RMR and other companies to which RMR provides management services for the purpose of obtaining more favorable terms from such vendors and suppliers. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 days following termination by us or notice of termination by RMR. 

13. 
 of our Managing Directors, Adam D. Portnoy, is the sole trustee, an officer and the controlling shareholder of ABP Trust, which is the controlling shareholder of The RMR Group Inc., is chair of the board, a managing director and the president and chief executive officer of The RMR Group Inc. and an officer and employee of RMR. Jonathan M. Pertchik, our other Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, also serves as an officer and employee of RMR. Certain of our other officers and SVC s officers also serve as officers and employees of RMR. Some of our Independent Directors also serve as independent trustees or independent directors of other public companies to which RMR or its subsidiaries provide management services. Mr. Portnoy serves as chair of the board and as a managing director or managing trustee of these public companies. Other officers of RMR, including certain of our officers, serve as managing trustees, managing directors or officers of certain of these companies. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Portnoy beneficially owned shares of our common stock (including indirectly through RMR), representing approximately of our outstanding shares of common stock. This amount includes shares of our common stock that RMR purchased in our underwritten public equity offering in July 2020 at the public offering price of per share and shares of our common stock that RMR purchased from our former Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Andrew J. Rebholz, in September 2020, pursuant to a right of first refusal granted to RMR in connection with Mr. Rebholz s retirement. 
 Relationship with SVC 
 We are SVC s largest tenant and SVC is our principal landlord and our second largest stockholder. As of December 31, 2022, SVC owned shares of our common stock, representing approximately of our outstanding shares of common stock, which amount includes shares of our common stock that SVC purchased in our underwritten public equity offering in July 2020 at the public offering price of per share. Ethan S. Bornstein, Mr. Portnoy s brother-in-law, served as an executive officer of SVC until he resigned on December 31, 2020 in connection with his retirement. See Note 8 for more information about our lease agreements and transactions with SVC. 
 
 Spin-Off Transaction Agreement. In connection with our spin-off from SVC in 2007, we entered a transaction agreement with SVC and RMR, pursuant to which we granted SVC a right of first refusal to purchase, lease, mortgage or otherwise finance any interest we own in a travel center before we sell, lease, mortgage or otherwise finance that travel center to or with another party, and we granted SVC and any other company to which RMR provides management services a right of first refusal to acquire or finance any real estate of the types in which SVC or such other companies invest before we do. We also agreed that for so long as we are a tenant of SVC we will not permit: the acquisition by any person or group of beneficial ownership of or more of the voting shares or the power to direct the management and policies of us or any of our subsidiary tenants or guarantors under the SVC Leases; the sale of a material part of our assets or of any such tenant or guarantor; or the cessation of certain of our Directors to continue to constitute a majority of our Board of Directors or any such tenant or guarantor. Also, we agreed not to take any action that might reasonably be expected to have a material adverse impact on SVC s ability to qualify as a real estate investment trust and to indemnify SVC for any liabilities it may incur relating to our assets and business. 
 Our Manager, RMR 
 RMR provides certain services we require to operate our business. We have a business management agreement with RMR to provide management services to us, which relates to various aspects of our business generally. See Note 12 for more information about our business management agreement with RMR. 
 RMR also provides management services to SVC, and Mr. Portnoy also serves as a managing trustee and chair of the board of trustees of SVC. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 , and of our shares of common stock valued at , and , in aggregate, respectively, based upon the closing prices of our shares of common stock on the Nasdaq on the dates the awards were made. These share awards to RMR employees are in addition to the fees we paid to RMR and the stock awards to our Directors, officers and employees (some of whom are also officers and employees of RMR). See Note 9 for more information regarding our stock awards and activity as well as certain stock purchases we made in connection with stock award recipients satisfying tax withholding obligations on vesting stock awards. 
 Relationship with AIC 
 Until its dissolution on February 13, 2020, we, ABP Trust, SVC and other companies to which RMR provides management services owned Affiliates Insurance Company, an Indiana insurance company, or AIC, in equal portions. We and AIC s other shareholders participated in combined property insurance programs arranged by AIC in periods prior to 2020. We did t recognize any income in the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. In connection with AIC s dissolution, we and each other AIC shareholder received a liquidating distribution of approximately in June 2020. We received the final capital distribution in December 2021 of . 
 Retirement and Separation Arrangements 
 In December 2019, we and RMR entered into a retirement agreement with Mr. Rebholz. Pursuant to his retirement agreement, Mr. Rebholz continued to serve, through June 30, 2020, as a non-executive employee in order to assist in transitioning his duties and responsibilities to his successor. Under Mr. Rebholz s retirement agreement, consistent with past practice, we paid Mr. Rebholz his current annual base salary of until June 30, 2020, a cash bonus in the amount of in December 2019, and an additional cash payment in the amount of in June 2020, and we fully accelerated the vesting of any unvested shares of our common stock previously awarded to Mr. Rebholz. 
 In February 2020, we and RMR entered into a separation agreement with our former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, William E. Myers. Pursuant to his separation agreement, in 2020, we paid Mr. Myers and fully accelerated the vesting of any unvested shares of our common stock previously awarded to Mr. Myers. 
 Sale of Property 
 In May 2021, we sold a property located in Mesquite, Texas to Industrial Logistics Properties Trust, or ILPT, for a sales price of , excluding selling costs of . RMR provides management services to ILPT and Mr. Portnoy serves as the chair of the board of trustees and as a managing trustee of ILPT. The gain on sale of assets of was included in other operating expense (income) , net for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

14. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 of and a of for environmental matters as well as a receivable, which is recorded in noncurrent assets in our consolidated balance sheets, for expected recoveries of certain of these estimated future expenditures of . We cannot precisely know the ultimate costs we may incur in connection with currently known environmental related violations, corrective actions, investigation and remediation; however, we do not expect the costs for such matters to be material, individually or in the aggregate, to our financial position or results of operations. 
 We currently have insurance of up to per incident and up to in the aggregate for certain environmental liabilities, subject, in each case, to certain limitations and deductibles. Our current insurance policy expires in June 2024 and we can provide no assurance that we will be able to maintain similar environmental insurance coverage in the future on acceptable terms. 
 We cannot predict the ultimate effect changing circumstances and changing environmental laws may have on us in the future or the ultimate outcome of matters currently pending. We cannot be certain that contamination presently unknown to us does not exist at our sites, or that a material liability will not be imposed on us in the future. If we discover additional environmental issues, or if government agencies impose additional environmental requirements, increased environmental compliance or remediation expenditures may be required, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 We are routinely involved in various legal and administrative proceedings incidental to the ordinary course of business, including commercial disputes, employment related claims, wage and hour claims, premises liability claims and tax audits among others. We do not expect that any litigation or administrative proceedings in which we are presently involved, or of which we are aware, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

15. 
 Fuel products Total inventory 
 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 16. 
 , which are comprised primarily of severance, outplacement services, stock based compensation expense associated with the accelerated vesting of previously granted stock awards for certain employees and fees for recruitment of certain executive positions. These Reorganization Plan costs are recorded as selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). As of December 31, 2022, there were no remaining payments outstanding for the Reorganization Plan. 

17. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and shares in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 

 , including if the Merger Agreement is terminated due to our acceptance of an unsolicited superior proposal or due to our board of directors changing its recommendation to our stockholders to vote to approve the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement further provides that BP will be required to pay us a termination fee in an amount equal to in the event the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain specified circumstances and receipt of antitrust approval has not been obtained by such time. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, either party may terminate the Merger Agreement if the Merger is not consummated by November 15, 2023, subject to (x) an automatic 90-day extension and (y) an additional 90-day extension under certain circumstances. 
 In connection with entering into the Merger Agreement, we agreed with BP and SVC to amend and restate our subsidiary s leases with certain of SVC's subsidiaries, and corresponding guaranty agreements, in each case effective at the Effective Time, conditioned on the occurrence of the closing of the Merger. SVC has consented to the entry by TA into the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby and any resulting change in control or assignment of TA resulting from either or both of the Merger and such transactions. In addition, SVC has agreed to vote its shares in favor of the sale. 
 Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to the closing of the Merger, we expect the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement to occur by mid-year 2023. 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. TravelCenters of America Inc. Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Peter J. Crage Name: Peter J. Crage Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Jonathan M. Pertchik Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 1, 2023 Jonathan M. Pertchik /s/ Peter J. Crage Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) March 1, 2023 Peter J. Crage /s/ Michael J. Barton Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 1, 2023 Michael J. Barton /s/ Adam D. Portnoy Managing Director March 1, 2023 Adam D. Portnoy /s/ Barbara D. Gilmore Independent Director March 1, 2023 Barbara D. Gilmore /s/ Lisa Harris Jones Independent Director March 1, 2023 Lisa Harris Jones /s/ Joseph L. Morea Independent Director March 1, 2023 Joseph L. Morea /s/ Rajan C. Penkar Independent Director March 1, 2023 Rajan C. Penkar /s/ Elena B. Poptodorova Independent Director March 1, 2023 Elena B. Poptodorova 

<EX-4.10>
 2
 a20221231ex410-tadescripti.htm
 EX-4.10

Document 

Exhibit 4.10 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 As of December 31, 2022, TravelCenters of America Inc. we, us and our had four classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (i) shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share common stock (ii) 8.25 Senior Notes due 2028 2028 Senior Notes (iii) 8.00 Senior Notes due 2029 2029 Senior Notes and (iv) 8.00 Senior Notes due 2030 2030 Senior Notes and, collectively with the 2028 Senior Notes and the 2029 Senior Notes, Notes ). 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 The following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Articles of Incorporation (our Charter and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (our Bylaws ), each of which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 General 
 Our Charter provides that we may issue up to 216,000,000 shares of common stock. Our Charter authorizes our Board of Directors to amend our Charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock, or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we are authorized to issue, without stockholder approval. 
 Subject to the provisions of our Charter and Bylaws regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock and except as may otherwise be specified in the terms of any class or series of common stock or preferred stock that we may issue, each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors and, except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of shares of common stock will possess the exclusive voting power. 
 Holders of shares of common stock have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund, or redemption rights, have no general appraisal rights and have no general preemptive rights to subscribe for any securities of our company. Subject to the provisions of our Charter and Bylaws regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, shares of common stock will have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. 
 Power to Reclassify Our Unissued Shares of Stock 
 Our Charter authorizes our Board of Directors to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock, including one or more classes or series of stock that have priority with respect to dividends or upon liquidation over our common stock, and authorizes us to issue the newly-classified shares. Prior to the issuance of shares of each new class or series, our Board of Directors is required by Maryland law and by our Charter to set, subject to the provisions of our Charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series. Our Board of Directors may take these actions without stockholder approval unless stockholder approval is required by the rules of any stock exchange or automatic quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. 
 Power to Increase or Decrease Authorized Shares of Stock and Issue Additional Shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock 
 We believe that the power of our Board of Directors to amend our Charter to increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of stock, to authorize us to issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock and to classify or reclassify unissued shares of stock and thereafter to authorize us to issue such classified or reclassified shares of stock will provide us with increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions on a timely basis and in meeting other needs that might arise. Nonetheless, the unrestricted ability of our Board of Directors to issue additional shares of common stock and preferred stock may have adverse consequences to our stockholders, including possibly diluting the ownership of existing stockholders and making a change of control of us difficult to achieve. The additional classes or series, as well as the additional shares of common stock or preferred stock, as applicable, will be available for issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless such approval is required by the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer of Stock 
 Our Charter restricts the number and value of our shares of stock that our stockholders may own. 

Our Charter prohibits any person from constructively owning more than 5 (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of our common stock or 5 (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of any other class or series of our stock. Our Board of Directors may from time to time increase or decrease our ownership limitations. 
 Our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt persons from these ownership limitations, so long as our Board of Directors determines, among other things, that it is in our best interests and would not cause a default under the terms of any contract to which we are a party or would reasonably expect to become a party, provided that any duties of our Board of Directors to the stockholder requesting the exemption will not apply, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to such determination. In determining whether to grant an exemption, our Board of Directors may consider, among other factors, the following 
 the general reputation and moral character of the person requesting the exemption 
 whether the person s ownership of shares would be direct or through ownership attribution 
 whether the person s ownership of shares would interfere with the conduct of our business 
 whether granting an exemption would adversely affect any of our existing contractual arrangements and 
 whether the person to whom the exemption would apply is attempting to change control of us or affect our policies in a way that our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, considers adverse to our best interests or those of our stockholders. 
 If a person attempts to transfer our shares of stock in violation of the ownership limitations described above, in our sole discretion, either (a) that number of shares (rounded up to the nearest whole share) which would cause the violation will automatically be transferred to a trust (the Charitable Trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries designated by us or (b) such attempted transfer will be void ab initio . The prohibited owner will generally 
 have no rights in the shares held in the Charitable Trust 
 not benefit economically from ownership of any shares held in the Charitable Trust (except to the extent provided below upon a sale of the shares) 
 have no rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares held in the Charitable Trust 
 not possess any right to vote or other rights attributable to the shares held in the Charitable Trust and 
 have no claim, cause of action or other recourse whatsoever against the purported transferor of any shares held in the Charitable Trust. 
 Effective as of the date that the shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trust, the trustee of the Charitable Trust will have the authority, at the trustee s sole discretion 
 to rescind as void any vote cast by a prohibited owner prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trust and 
 to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. 
 However, if we have already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee may not rescind and recast the vote. 
 Within 20 days of receiving notice from us that the shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trust, the trustee of the Charitable Trust will sell such shares (together with the right to receive distributions with respect to such shares) to a person, designated by the trustee of the Charitable Trust, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the ownership limitations set forth in our Charter. Upon such sale, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate, and the trustee of the Charitable Trust will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the prohibited owner and to the charitable beneficiary of the Charitable Trust as follows 
 The prohibited owner will receive the lesser of 
 the net price paid by the prohibited owner for the shares or, if the prohibited owner did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the Charitable Trust, for example, in the case of a gift, devise or other similar transaction, the market price (as defined in our Charter) of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be transferred to the Charitable Trust, in each case and 

the net sales proceeds received by the trustee of the Charitable Trust from the sale or other disposition of the shares held in the Charitable Trust plus any dividends received by the trustee of the Charitable Trust on such shares. 
 If, prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to a Charitable Trust, a prohibited owner sells such shares, then 
 those shares will be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the Charitable Trust and 
 to the extent that the prohibited owner received an amount for those shares that exceeds the amount that the prohibited owner was entitled to receive from a sale by the trustee of the Charitable Trust, the prohibited owner must pay the excess to the trustee of the Charitable Trust upon demand. 
 Also, shares held in the Charitable Trust will be deemed to have been offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of 
 the price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer to the Charitable Trust or, if the prohibited owner did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the Charitable Trust, for example, in the case of a gift, devise or other similar transaction, the market price per share on the day of the event causing the shares to become held by the Charitable Trust and 
 the market price per share on the date we, or our designee, accept the offer. 
 We will have the right to accept the offer until the trustee of the Charitable Trust has sold the shares held in the Charitable Trust. The net proceeds of the sale to us will be distributed in the same manner as any other sale by a trustee of the Charitable Trust. 
 The restrictions described above will not preclude the settlement of any transaction entered into through the facilities of any national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system. Our Charter provides, however, that the settlement of any transaction will not negate the effect of any of the foregoing limitations and any transferee in such a transaction will be subject to all of the provisions and limitations described above. 
 Every stockholder of record of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of any class or series of stock is required to give written notice to us within 30 days (i) after the end of each taxable year and (ii) after a request from us. Such notice must state the name and address of the legal and beneficial owner(s), the number of shares of each class and series of our shares of stock which the stockholder owns, and a description of the manner in which those shares are held. In addition, each stockholder is required to provide us with any additional information that we may request in order to determine compliance with the ownership limits. 
 Any person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire constructive ownership of shares of our stock that will or may violate the ownership limits or any person who would have owned shares that resulted in a transfer to the Charitable Trust must give written notice immediately to us or, in the case of a proposed or attempted transaction, provide us at least 15 days prior written notice and provide us with such other information as we may request. 
 
 Additionally, our Bylaws impose certain restrictions on the transfer of shares in order to help us preserve the tax treatment of our net operating losses and other tax benefits. These restrictions generally provide that transfers of shares to a person, entity or group which is then, or would become as a result of such transfer, an owner of 5 or more of our outstanding shares of stock (i) are void in total, for transferees then already owning 5 or more of our shares of stock and (ii) are void to the extent the transfer would so result in such level of ownership by the proposed transferee, for other transferees. These restrictions do not apply if the transferor or the transferee obtains the written approval of our Board of Directors. 
 All certificates representing our shares and any share statements for our uncertificated shares may bear legends referring to the foregoing restrictions. 
 Stock exchange listing 
 Our shares of common stock have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol TA. 
 Transfer agent and registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our shares of common stock is EQ Shareowner Services. 
 Board of Directors 

Our Board of Directors has the exclusive power to increase or decrease the number of directors, provided that the number of directors may not be fewer than three and may not be more than seven, and further provided that the term of any director may not be decreased due to a reduction in the number of directors. We currently have five Directors. 
 Under our Bylaws, a Director must be at least 21 years of age, not under legal disability and, at the time of nomination and election, (i) not have been convicted of a felony, (ii) have substantial expertise or experience relevant to our business (as determined by our Board of Directors), (iii) have been nominated for election to the Board in accordance with our Bylaws and (iv) meet the qualifications of an Independent Director or a Managing Director, as applicable. An Independent Director is a Director who is not an employee of ours or The RMR Group LLC or its permitted successors or assigns (collectively, RMR ), who is not involved in our day-to-day activities and who meets the qualifications of an independent director under the applicable rules of the principal securities exchange upon which our shares of common stock or other securities are listed for trading and the SEC, as those requirements may be amended from time to time. A Managing Director is a Director who has been an employee or officer of us or of RMR or involved in our day-to-day activities for at least one year prior to his or her election as a Director and who is not an Independent Director. Our Board of Directors may establish different or additional qualifications for our Independent Directors or Managing Directors. A majority of our Directors holding office must at all times be Independent Directors, except for temporary periods due to vacancies. If the number of our Directors, at any time, is set at less than five, at least one Director will be a Managing Director. So long as the number of our Directors is five or greater, at least two Directors must be Managing Directors. 
 Our Charter divides our Board of Directors into three classes, with each class as nearly equal in number as possible. The initial term of the Directors who are members of Class I will continue until our 2020 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualify, the initial term of the Directors who are members of Class II will continue until our 2021 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualify, and the initial term of the Class III Director will continue until our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders and until her successor is elected and qualifies. At each annual meeting, stockholders are entitled to elect the successors of the class of Directors whose term expires at that meeting for a term continuing until our annual meeting of stockholders held in the third following year and until their successors are elected and qualify. Our stockholders are entitled to elect only one class of Directors each year. 
 We believe that the classification of our Board of Directors will help to assure the continuity of our business strategies and policies. Our classified board could have the effect of making the replacement of a majority of the incumbent Directors more time-consuming and difficult. At least two annual meetings of our stockholders will generally be required to effect a change in a majority of our Board of Directors. 
 In uncontested elections, Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast in the election of directors in a contested election, the election of Directors nominated by our Board requires the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast in such election, and the election of directors not previously approved by our Board requires the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least 75 of the votes entitled to be cast in such election, in each case voting together as a single class. In the case of a failure to elect any Director at an annual meeting of our stockholders, the incumbent Director who was up for election at that meeting will hold over and continue to serve as a Director until the election and qualification of his or her successor. There is no cumulative voting in the election of our Directors. 
 Subject to the provisions of any class or series of shares of our stock that hereafter may be created and are then outstanding, any vacancy as a result of any reason, including, without limitation, a vacancy caused by the death, resignation, retirement, removal or incapacity of any Director or resulting from an increase in the number of Directors, will be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Directors then remaining in office, even if the remaining Directors do not constitute a quorum, and any Director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which such vacancy occurred and until the election and qualification of his or her successor. Our Charter provides that, subject to the provisions of any class or series of shares of stock of our company, a Director may be removed only for cause (as defined in our Charter) by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least 75 of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and Other Business 
 Our Bylaws provide that nominations of individuals for election as Directors and proposals of other business to be considered at an annual meeting of our stockholders may be made only in our notice of the meeting, by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or by a stockholder (or group of stockholders) who is entitled to make nominations or proposals and has complied with the advance notice procedures and with ownership and other requirements set forth in our Bylaws. 
 Under our Bylaws, a written notice of nominations of individuals for election as Directors or other matters to be considered at an annual meeting of our stockholders by one or more of our stockholders must be delivered to our Secretary at our principal executive offices not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern time, on the 120th day nor earlier than 

the 150th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of our proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting provided , however , that if the annual meeting is called for a date that is more than 30 days earlier or later than the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting, the notice must be delivered by not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern time, on the 10th day following the earlier of the day on which (a) notice of the annual meeting is mailed or otherwise made available or (b) public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is first made by us. Neither the postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting, nor the public announcement of such postponement or adjournment, commences a new time period or extends any time period for the giving of a notice by one or more stockholders. 
 Our Bylaws set forth procedures and requirements for submission of nominations of individuals for election as Directors and other proposals by our stockholders for consideration at an annual meeting of our stockholders. These procedures and requirements include, among other things 
 requiring that each of the stockholders desiring to make a nomination or proposal of other business 
 has continuously owned (as defined in our Bylaws) at least 3 of our outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote in the election of Directors or on a proposal of such other business, as the case may be, for at least three years as of (a) the date of the giving of the notice of the proposed nomination or proposal of other business, (b) the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and (c) the time of the annual meeting (including any postponement or adjournment thereof) 
 holds a certificate or certificates representing the aggregate requisite number of shares of stock owned by such stockholder(s) as of the date of the giving of the notice, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the time of the annual meeting (including any postponement or adjournment thereof) 
 is entitled to make such nomination or propose such other business and to vote at the meeting on such election or proposal of other business and 
 submits the nomination or proposal to our Secretary in accordance with the requirements of our Bylaws 
 providing that the advance notice provisions in our Bylaws are the exclusive means for stockholders to make nominations for consideration at an annual meeting of our stockholders 
 requiring that certain information and documentation be provided regarding any proposed nominee for election as a Director by the proposing stockholder(s) 
 requiring certain information be provided regarding any business other than the election of Director by the proposing stockholder(s) 
 requiring certain information and documentation to be provided by the proposing stockholder(s) as to the proposing stockholder(s) and certain of its (their) affiliates and 
 providing that the proposing stockholder(s) is(are) responsible for ensuring compliance with the advance notice provisions, that any responses of the stockholder(s) to any request for information will not cure any incompleteness, inaccuracy or failure in the notice of the proposing stockholder(s) and that neither we, nor our Board of Directors, any committee of our Board of Directors or any of our officers has any duty to request clarification or updating information or to inform the proposing stockholder(s) of any defect in the notice of the proposing stockholder(s). 
 Only the business brought before a special meeting pursuant to our notice of the meeting may be considered at a special meeting of stockholders. Under our Bylaws, nominations of individuals for election as Directors may be made at a special meeting of our stockholders at which Directors are to be elected pursuant to our notice of meeting, by or at the direction of our Board of Directors, or if there are no Directors and the special meeting is called by one or more of our officers for the election of successor Directors provided, however, that nominations of individuals to serve as Directors at a special meeting may only be made by (1) the Board of Directors or officers of the Corporation who called the special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more Directors or (2) provided that our Board of Directors has determined that Directors will be elected at such special meeting, by one or more stockholders wishing to make a nomination who satisfy and comply with all of the timing and information requirements applicable to an annual meeting of stockholders. Under our Bylaws, in the event that our Board of Directors (or an officer of ours) calls a special meeting of our stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more Directors, stockholder(s) who meet(s) the requirements set forth in our Bylaws may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a Director if the stockholder(s) provide(s) timely notice, in writing, to our Secretary at our principal executive offices, containing the information and following the procedures required by the advance notice provisions in our Bylaws, as described above for submitting nominations for consideration at 

an annual meeting of our stockholders. To be timely, such notice must be delivered not earlier than the 150th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern time, on the later of (i) the 120th day prior to such special meeting or (ii) the 10th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and the nominees proposed to be voted on at the special meeting. Neither the postponement or adjournment of a special meeting, nor the public announcement of such postponement or adjournment, will commence a new time period for the giving of a notice by one or more stockholders. 
 Meetings of Stockholders 
 A meeting of our stockholders for the election of Directors and the transaction of any business will be held annually on a date and at the time and place set by our Board of Directors. Our Chief Executive Officer, the chairman of our Board, our President or our Board of Directors may call a special meeting of our stockholders. Subject to the provisions of our Bylaws, a special meeting of our stockholders to act on any matter that may properly be brought before a meeting of our stockholders will be called by our Secretary upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the special meeting. 
 Action by Written Consent 
 Our Charter provides that any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting only by a unanimous written consent of stockholders entitled to vote on the action. 
 Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers and Others 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision eliminating the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (a) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (b) active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action adjudicated. Our Charter contains a provision which eliminates the liability of our Directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by the MGCL. 
 The MGCL requires us (unless our Charter were to provide otherwise, which our Charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The MGCL permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to or in which they may be made, or threatened to be made, a party or witness by reason of their service in those capacities. However, a Maryland corporation is not permitted to provide indemnification if the following is established 
 the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (a) was committed in bad faith or (b) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty 
 the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or 
 in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. 
 In addition, under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify a director or officer in a suit by the corporation or in its right in which the director or officer was adjudged liable to the corporation or in a suit in which the director or officer was adjudged liable on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received. Nevertheless, a court may order indemnification if it determines that the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, even though the director or officer did not meet the prescribed standard of conduct or was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received. However, indemnification for an adverse judgment in a suit by the corporation or in its right, or for a judgment of liability on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received, is limited to expenses. 
 The MGCL permits a corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation s receipt of the following 
 a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation and 
 a written undertaking by him or her, or on his or her behalf, to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that this standard of conduct was not met. 
 Our Charter requires us, to the fullest extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, to pay or 

reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of a final disposition of a proceeding to, any present or former Director or officer of our company (including any predecessor of our company), any person who is or was serving at our request (including any predecessor of our company) as an officer, director, member, trustee, manager or partner of another person, Hospitality Properties Trust HPT ), RMR, The RMR Group Inc. RMR Inc. and, together with HPT and RMR, collectively, the Other Indemnitees ), and the respective trustees, directors and officers of the Other Indemnitees, unless, with respect to the Other Indemnitees and the respective trustees, directors and officers of the Other Indemnitees, there has been a final, nonappealable judgment entered by an arbiter determining that such person or entity acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud, willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that his, her or its conduct was unlawful. Except with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, we are required to indemnify any person or entity described in this paragraph in connection with a proceeding initiated by him, her or it against us only if such proceeding was authorized by our Board of Directors. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses vest immediately upon an individual s election or appointment as a Director or officer or his or her designation as an Indemnitee (as such term is defined in our Charter). 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with our Directors and officers providing for rights to and procedures for indemnification by us to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and advancements by us of certain expenses and costs relating to claims, suits or proceedings arising from service to us. We also maintain directors and officers liability insurance for our Directors and officers. 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), may be permitted to our Directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions of Maryland law and our Charter, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and therefore is unenforceable. 
 Bylaws 
 Our Charter and Bylaws provide that our Bylaws may be amended or repealed and new Bylaws adopted only by our Board of Directors. 
 Stockholder liability 
 Under the MGCL, a stockholder is generally not personally liable for the obligations of a Maryland corporation solely as a result of his or her status as a stockholder. Under our Charter, to the fullest extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, each stockholder is liable to us (and any of our subsidiaries or affiliates) for, and is required to indemnify and hold us (and any of our subsidiaries and affiliates) harmless from and against, all costs, expenses, penalties, fines or other amounts, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys and other professional fees, whether third party or internal, arising from a stockholder s breach of or failure to fully comply with any covenant, condition or provision of our Charter or Bylaws or any action by or against us (or any of our subsidiaries and affiliates) in which the stockholder is not the prevailing party, and shall pay such amounts on demand, together with interest on such amounts, which interest will accrue at the rate of interest provided in the Bylaws for indemnification amounts payable by a stockholder to any such indemnitee or, if the Bylaws do not provide for a rate of interest for any such amount, the lesser of 15 per annum compounded and the maximum amount permitted by law, in each case, from the date such costs or other amounts are incurred until the receipt of payment. 
 Business opportunities 
 Our Charter provides that we have the power, by resolution of our Board of Directors, to renounce any interest or expectancy of ours in, or being offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunity that is presented to us or one or more of our Directors or officers and that Directors shall have no obligation or duty to present any business opportunities to us that may become available to such Director or to affiliates of such Director. In addition, our Charter provides that, unless otherwise provided in a written agreement with us, notwithstanding any duty that might otherwise exist, it shall not be a breach of any duty or other obligation of any Director for the Director or an affiliate of such Director to engage in any outside business interests and activities in preference to or to the exclusion of us or to compete directly with us. 
 Quorum and Voting by Stockholders 
 Whenever our stockholders are required or permitted to take any action by a vote, the action may be taken by a vote at a meeting of our stockholders at which a quorum is present. The presence in person or by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the meeting. Subject to any voting rights provided to holders of shares of another class or series of stock at any time outstanding and except as otherwise provided in our Charter, including with respect to amendments to our Charter and certain extraordinary actions described below under the heading Merger, 

Conversion, Transfer or Other Disposition of Assets, etc ., the following matters, including the election of Directors, submitted by our Board to the stockholders for approval or otherwise voted upon by the stockholders, require the following vote by the stockholders, at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present (i) the election of any Managing Director or any Independent Director in an uncontested election, a plurality of all the votes cast by stockholders, voting together as a single class (ii) any other election of a Director nominated by the Board, the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the election, voting together as a single class (iii) any other matter that has been approved previously by the Board, a majority of all votes cast by stockholders, voting together as a single class and (iv) any matter that has not been approved previously by the Board, the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least 75 of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, voting together as a single class. 
 Business Combinations 
 Under the MGCL, certain business combinations (including a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or, in certain circumstances, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities) between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person that beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or associate of the corporation that, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation), or an affiliate of such an interested stockholder, are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Thereafter, any such business combination must generally be recommended by the board of directors of the Maryland corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least (a) 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding voting stock of the corporation and (b) two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom (or with whose affiliate) the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder, unless, among other conditions, the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price (as defined in the MGCL) for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors of the Maryland corporation approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. 
 These provisions of the MGCL do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by a board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 The MGCL provides that a holder of control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition has no voting rights with respect to the control shares except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares of stock in respect of which any of the following persons is entitled to exercise or direct the exercise of the voting power of such shares in the election of directors (1) a person who makes or proposes to make a control share acquisition, (2) an officer of the corporation or (3) an employee of the corporation who is also a director of the corporation. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other such shares of stock owned by the acquirer, or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power (A) one-tenth or more but less than one-third (B) one-third or more but less than a majority or (C) a majority or more of all voting power. Control shares do not include shares that the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions (including an undertaking to pay expenses and making an acquiring person statement as described in the MGCL), may compel the directors of the Maryland corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then, subject to certain conditions and limitations, the corporation may redeem any or all of the control shares (except those for which voting rights have previously been approved) for fair value determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquirer or, if a meeting of stockholders is held at which the voting rights of such shares are considered and not approved, as of the date of such meeting. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 

The control share acquisition statute does not apply to (a) shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (b) acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 
 Our Bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. There is no assurance that such provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 Subtitle 8 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL Subtitle 8 permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions 
 a classified board 
 a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director 
 a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the remaining directors, even if they do not constitute a quorum, and for the replacement director to serve for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and 
 a majority requirement for the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders. 
 We have elected in our Charter to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 providing that vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled only by the remaining directors. Through other provisions in our Charter and Bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we already (1) have a classified board (2) require the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than 75 of all of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors for the removal of any Director, which removal will be allowed only for cause (3) vest in our Board of Directors the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships and (4) require, unless called by our Chief Executive Officer, the chairman of our Board, our President or the Board of Directors, the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all votes entitled to be cast at such a meeting to call a special meeting of stockholders. 
 Amendments to our Charter 
 Under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation generally may not amend its charter unless such action is first approved and declared advisable by the corporation s board of directors and then approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, the MGCL allows a Maryland corporation s charter to set a lower percentage, so long as the percentage is not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Under our Charter, amendments to our Charter may be made if first approved by our Board of Directors and, to the extent a stockholder vote is required under the MGCL, then approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by our stockholders entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. However, if the amendment is to reduce the percentage of outstanding shares of stock required to take any action i.e. , reducing a vote that requires two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter to a majority), such amendment will require the affirmative vote of holders of outstanding shares constituting not less than the voting requirement sought to be reduced e.g. , in the example set forth in the prior parenthetical, two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter). 
 Merger, Conversion, Transfer or Other Disposition of Assets, etc. 
 Under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation generally may not merge, convert into another form of entity or transfer all or substantially all of its assets unless such action is first approved and declared advisable by the corporation s board of directors and then approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. The statute allows a Maryland corporation s charter to set a lower percentage, so long as the percentage is not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Under our Charter, any merger, combination or consolidation of us with or into, or transfer of all or substantially all our assets to, another entity or conversion of us to another entity may be effected only if first approved by our Board of Directors and, to the extent a stockholder vote is required under the MGCL, then approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by our stockholders entitled to vote thereon. 
 Regulatory Compliance and Disclosure 

Our Bylaws provide that any stockholder who, by virtue of such stockholder s ownership of our shares of stock or actions taken by the stockholder affecting us, triggers the application of any requirement or regulation of any federal, state, municipal or other governmental or regulatory body on us or any of our subsidiaries must promptly take all actions necessary and fully cooperate with us to ensure that such requirements or regulations are satisfied without restricting, imposing additional obligations on or in any way limiting the business, assets, operations or prospects of us or any of our subsidiaries. If the stockholder fails or is otherwise unable to promptly take such actions so as to cause satisfaction of such requirements or regulations, such stockholder shall promptly divest a sufficient number of our shares necessary to cause the application of such requirement or regulation to not apply to us or any of our subsidiaries. If the stockholder fails to cause such satisfaction or divest itself of such sufficient number of our shares by not later than the tenth day after triggering such requirement or regulation referred to in the Bylaws, then any of our shares beneficially owned by such stockholder at and in excess of the level triggering the application of such requirement or regulation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be deemed to constitute shares held in violation of the ownership limitations set forth in our Charter. Also, our Bylaws provide that if the stockholder who triggers the application of any regulation or requirement fails to satisfy the requirements or regulations or to take curative actions within such ten-day period, we may take all other actions which our Board of Directors deems appropriate to require compliance or to preserve the value of our assets, and we may charge the offending stockholder for our costs and expenses as well as any damages which may result. 
 Our Bylaws also provide that if a stockholder, by virtue of such stockholder s ownership of our shares of stock or its receipt or exercise of proxies to vote shares owned by other stockholders, would not be permitted to vote such stockholder s shares or exercise proxies for such shares in excess of a certain amount pursuant to applicable law but our Board of Directors determines that the excess shares or shares represented by the excess proxies are necessary to obtain a quorum, then such stockholder shall not be entitled to vote any such excess shares or proxies, and instead such excess shares or proxies may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be voted by our management service provider or another person designated by our Board of Directors, in proportion to the total shares otherwise voted on such matter. 
 Disputes by Stockholders 
 Our Charter and Bylaws provide that actions brought against us or any Director, officer, manager (including RMR or its successor), agent or employee of ours, by a stockholder, including derivative and class actions, shall, on the demand of any party to such dispute, be resolved through binding arbitration in accordance with the procedures set forth in our Charter and Bylaws. 
 Exclusive Forum Bylaw 
 Our Bylaws currently provide that, unless the dispute has been referred to binding arbitration, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland will be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (2) any action asserting a claim for breach of a duty owed by any director, officer, manager, agent or employee of ours to us or our stockholders (3) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer, manager, agent or employee of ours arising pursuant to Maryland law or our Charter or Bylaws brought by or on behalf of a stockholder either on such stockholder s own behalf, on our behalf or on behalf of any series or class of our shares of stock or stockholders against us or any of our directors, officers, manager, agents or employees, including any claims relating to the meaning, interpretation, effect, validity, performance or enforcement of our Charter or Bylaws or (4) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer, manager, agent or employee of ours that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Maryland. The exclusive forum provision of our Bylaws does not apply to any dispute that has been referred to binding arbitration in accordance with our Charter or Bylaws, and does not purport to establish exclusive jurisdiction in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland for claims that arise under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal securities laws if there is exclusive or concurrent jurisdiction in the federal courts. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in our shares of common stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the exclusive forum provisions of our Bylaws. 
 Anti-takeover effect of Certain Provisions of our Charter and Bylaws 
 Provisions of our governing documents, including, for example, our restrictions on transfer and ownership of our shares of common stock, our classified Board of Directors, our stockholder voting rights and standards, the power of our Board of Directors to amend our Charter to increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of stock, to authorize us to issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock and to classify or reclassify unissued shares of stock in certain circumstances without stockholder approval and our Director qualifications, could delay or prevent a change in control of us. The limitations in our Charter and Bylaws on the right of our stockholders to propose nominations of individuals for election as Directors or other proposals of business to be considered at meetings of our stockholders, including the compliance with disclosure requirements related thereto, may delay, defer or prevent our stockholders from making proposals that could be beneficial to our stockholders. 

DESCRIPTION OF NOTES 
 The following description of our Notes is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the indenture, dated as of January 15, 2013 (the Base Indenture ), between us and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ), as supplemented (i) in the case of the 2028 Senior Notes, by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2015 (the First Supplemental Indenture (ii) in the case of the 2029 Senior notes, by the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2014 (the Second Supplemental Indenture and (iii) in the case of the 2030 Senior Notes, by the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 5, 2015 (the Third Supplemental Indenture ). The Base Indenture, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, the Second Supplemental Indenture and the Third Supplemental Indenture is referred to herein as the Indenture. Each of the Base Indenture, First Supplemental Indenture, Second Supplemental Indenture and Third Supplemental Indenture has been filed with the SEC as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The 2030 Senior Notes, the 2029 Senior Notes and the 2028 Senior Notes are traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbols TANNI, TANNL and TANNZ, respectively. 
 We encourage you to read the Indenture for additional information. The Indenture is subject to, and governed by, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act ). 
 General 
 The 2030 Senior Notes, 2029 Senior Notes and 2028 Senior Notes were initially issued in an aggregate principal amount of 100,000,000, 120,000,000 and 110,000,000 respectively. Each series may be reopened and we may, from time to time, issue additional Notes of the same series. The 2030 Senior Notes, 2029 Senior Notes and 2028 Senior Notes will mature (unless previously redeemed) on October 15, 2030, December 15, 2029 and January 15, 2028, respectively. The Notes were issued only in fully registered form without coupons, in denominations and integral multiples of 25.00. The Notes are each evidenced by a global note in book-entry form. 
 The Notes constitute our senior unsecured obligations and rank pari passu in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and are effectively subordinated to all existing and future secured indebtedness (including all borrowings under our credit facility) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and to all existing and future debt, other liabilities (including deferred rent obligations) and any preferred equity of our subsidiaries. The Notes are not guaranteed by our subsidiaries. Accordingly, our secured debt and the debt, other liabilities and any preferred equity of our subsidiaries will have to be satisfied in full before you will be able to realize any value from our encumbered or indirectly held assets. In addition, substantially all of our majority-owned U.S. subsidiaries have guaranteed borrowings under our credit facility. We and our subsidiaries may also incur additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness. 
 The Indenture does not contain any provisions that would limit our ability to incur indebtedness or that would afford holders of Notes protection in the event of (1) a highly leveraged or similar transaction involving us or any of our affiliates, (2) a change in control or (3) a reorganization, restructuring, merger or similar transaction involving us that may adversely affect holders of Notes. In addition, we may, in the future, enter into transactions such as the sale of all or substantially all of our assets or a merger or consolidation that would increase the amount of our indebtedness or substantially reduce or eliminate our assets, which might have an adverse effect on our ability to service our indebtedness, including the Notes. 
 Interest and Maturity 
 The 2030 Senior Notes bear interest at the rate of 8.25 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year, to the persons in whose names the 2030 Senior Notes are registered at the close of business on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1, as the case may be, immediately before the relevant interest payment date provided that a special record date or other arrangements will apply in respect of interest not punctually paid or provided for. Accrued and unpaid interest is also payable on the date of maturity or earlier redemption of the 2030 Senior Notes. Interest on the 2030 Senior Notes is computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The 2030 Senior Notes will mature (unless previously redeemed) on October 15, 2030. 
 The 2029 Senior Notes bear interest at the rate of 8.00 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year, to the persons in whose names the 2029 Senior Notes are registered at the close of business on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1, as the case may be, immediately before the relevant interest payment date provided that a special record date or other arrangements will apply in respect of interest not punctually paid or provided for. Accrued and unpaid interest is also payable on the date of maturity or earlier redemption of the 2029 Senior Notes. Interest on the 2029 Senior Notes is computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The 2029 Senior Notes will mature (unless previously redeemed) on October 15, 2029. 

The 2028 Senior Notes bear interest at the rate of 8.00 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year, to the persons in whose names the 2028 Senior Notes are registered at the close of business on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1, as the case may be, immediately before the relevant interest payment date provided that a special record date or other arrangements will apply in respect of interest not punctually paid or provided for. Accrued and unpaid interest is also payable on the date of maturity or earlier redemption of the 2028 Senior Notes. Interest on the 2028 Senior Notes is computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The 2028 Senior Notes will mature (unless previously redeemed) on January 15, 2028. 
 Optional Redemption 
 We may, at our option, at any time on or after October 15, 2018, December 15, 2018 and January 15, 2016, redeem some or all of the 2030 Senior Notes, 2029 Senior Notes and 2028 Senior Notes, respectively, by paying 100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 We are required to give notice of such a redemption not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date to each holder s address appearing in the securities register maintained by the Trustee. In the event we elect to redeem less than all of the Notes, the particular Notes to be redeemed will be selected by the Trustee by such method as the Trustee shall deem fair and appropriate. 
 Certain Covenants 
 Existence. We will do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect our existence, rights and franchises provided, however that we will not be required to preserve any such right or franchise if our Board of Directors determines that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of our business and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to our ability to make payments under the Indenture. In addition, the Indenture does not restrict our ability to merge or consolidate, or sell, convey, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, provided that any successor or acquirer of our properties or assets substantially as an entirety must assume all of our obligations under the Indenture and the Notes. 
 Maintenance of Properties. We will cause all properties used or useful in the conduct of our or our subsidiaries' business to be maintained and kept in good condition, repair and working order provided, however, that we shall not be prevented from discontinuing the operation or maintenance of any of such properties if such discontinuance is, in our judgment, desirable in the conduct of our or our subsidiaries business and not disadvantageous in any material respect to our ability to make payments under the Indenture. 
 Provision of Financial Information. If, at any time, we are no longer subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for any reason, we agree that we will continue to prepare the financial statements and a Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations substantially similar to that which would have been required to be included in an annual report on Form 10-K and a quarterly report on Form 10-Q if we had been subject to such Exchange Act reporting requirements (with all such financial statements prepared in accordance with Regulation S-X (or any successor regulation) promulgated by the SEC and all such annual financial statements including a report thereon from our certified independent accountants) and post copies thereof to our website for public availability within 15 days after the time periods that would have been applicable to filing such reports with the SEC in the rules and regulations applicable to such reports if we had been required to file those reports with the SEC provided, however, that if we are no longer subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we will not be required to comply with Section 302 or Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or related Items 307 and 308 of Regulation S-K (or any successor regulation) promulgated by the SEC, or Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K with respect to any non-GAAP financial measures contained therein (or any successor regulation) or any similar requirement under any other regulation. 
 No Financial Covenants. The Indenture does not contain any limit on the amount of indebtedness that may be authenticated and delivered under it. Similarly, the Indenture does not limit the amount of secured indebtedness that we may incur or require us to maintain a particular amount of unencumbered assets or any specified coverage ratios. 
 Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets 
 Under the Indenture, we are generally permitted to consolidate or merge with or into another company. We are also permitted to convey, transfer or lease our properties and assets substantially as an entirety to another company. However, we may not take any of these actions unless the following conditions are met 
 if we consolidate or merge out of existence or convey, transfer or lease our properties and assets substantially as an entirety, the surviving entity must be a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or trust, organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or 

the District of Columbia and must expressly agree to be legally responsible for the Notes and all of our obligations under the Indenture 
 immediately after such consolidation or merger or such conveyance, transfer or lease, we must not be in default that is continuing under the Indenture. A default for this purpose would include any event that would be an event of default if the requirements for giving us default notice or our default having to exist for a specific period of time were disregarded and 
 we must deliver the Trustee an officers certificate and an opinion of counsel regarding compliance with the Indenture. 
 Events of Default, Notice and Waiver 
 The following are events of default under the Indenture 
 if we fail to pay interest when due and our failure continues for thirty (30) days and the time for payment has not been extended or deferred 
 if we fail to pay the principal, or premium, if any, when due 
 if we fail to observe or perform any other covenant contained in the notes or the Indenture, other than a covenant specifically relating to another series of notes, and our failure continues for ninety (90) days after we receive notice from the trustee or holders of at least ten percent (10 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of that series and 
 if we experience specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization. 
 If an event of default with respect to the notes of any series occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the holders of at least twenty-five percent (25 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of that series, by notice to us in writing, and to the trustee if notice is given by such holders, may declare the unpaid principal of, premium, if any, and accrued interest, if any, on the notes due and payable immediately. 
 The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding notes of an affected series may waive any default or event of default with respect to such series and its consequences, except (i) uncured defaults or events of default regarding payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, unless we have cured the default or event of default in accordance with the Indenture and (ii) certain covenants or provisions which under the terms of the Indenture cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holder of each outstanding note affected. Any such waiver shall cure such default or event of default. 
 Subject to the terms of the Indenture, if an event of default under the Indenture shall occur and be continuing, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the Indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders of the applicable series of notes, unless such holders have offered the Trustee reasonable indemnity. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding notes of any series will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the notes of that series, provided that 
 the direction is not in conflict with any law or the Indenture 
 the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by it which is not inconsistent with such direction and 
 subject to its duties under the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee need not take any action that might involve it in personal liability or might be unduly prejudicial to the holders not involved in the proceeding. 
 A holder of the notes of any series will only have the right to institute a proceeding under the Indenture or to appoint a receiver or another trustee, or to seek other remedies if 
 the holder has given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing event of default with respect to that series 
 the holders of at least twenty-five percent (25 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of that series have made written request, and such holders have offered reasonable indemnity to the Trustee to institute such proceedings as Trustee and 
 the Trustee does not institute such proceeding within sixty (60) days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity, and does not receive from the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of that series other conflicting directions within such sixty (60) day period. 

These limitations do not apply to a suit instituted by a holder of Notes if we default in the payment of the principal, premium, if any, or interest on, the Notes. 
 We will periodically file statements with the trustee regarding our compliance with specified covenants in the Indenture. 
 Modification of the Indenture 
 We and the Trustee may change the Indenture without the consent of any holders with respect to certain matters, including 
 to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency in the Indenture 
 to change anything that does not materially adversely affect the interests of any holder of notes of any series 
 to provide for the assumption, by a successor or the acquirer of all or substantially all of our assets, of our obligations under the Indenture 
 to comply with the rules of any applicable depositary 
 to add to our covenants for the benefit of holders of notes of any series or to surrender any right or power conferred upon us 
 to add to or change or eliminate any provision of the indenture as shall be desirable in accordance with amendments to the Trust Indenture Act or 
 to comply with any requirement of the SEC in connection with the qualification of an indenture under the Trust Indenture Act. 
 In addition, under the Indenture, the rights of holders of a series of notes may be changed by us and the Trustee with the written consent of the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of each series that is affected. Certain changes, however, may only be made with the consent of each holder of any outstanding notes affected, including the following 
 changing the fixed maturity of such series of notes 
 reducing the principal amount, the rate of interest or any premium payable upon the redemption of any notes 
 extending the time of payment of interest, or any premium payable upon the redemption of any such notes 
 reducing the percentage in principal amount of notes, the consent of whose holders is required for any such supplemental indenture, or the consent of whose holders is required for any waiver provided for in the Indenture 
 changing our obligation to maintain an office or agency in the places and for the purposes specified in the Indenture or 
 modifying certain provisions of the Indenture which require the consent of, or action by, a specified minimum percentage of holders, except to increase any such percentages or to provide that certain other provisions of the indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of each of the holders of the affected notes. 
 Sinking Fund 
 The Notes are not entitled to any sinking fund payments. 
 The Registrar and Paying Agent 
 U.S. Bank National Association is the registrar and paying agent for the Notes. Payments of interest and principal will be made, and the Notes are transferable, at the office of the paying agent, or at such other place or places as may be designated pursuant to the Indenture. For so long as the Notes are in book-entry form evidenced by a global security, payments will be made to a nominee of the depository. 
 Discharge, Full Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 

Discharge. We may discharge some of our obligations to holders of the Notes that have become due and payable at their stated maturity or will become due and payable within one year, or are scheduled for redemption within one year, by irrevocably depositing with the Trustee, in trust, money in an amount sufficient to pay the Notes, including any premium and interest. 
 Full Defeasance. We can, under particular circumstances, effect a full defeasance of the Notes. By this we mean we can legally release ourselves from any payment or other obligations on the Notes if, among other things, we put in place the arrangements described below to repay the Notes and deliver certain certificates and opinions to the Trustee, including, among other things 
 we must irrevocably deposit, in trust, for the benefit of all direct holders of the Notes a combination of money or U.S. government agency notes or bonds (or, in some circumstances, depositary receipts representing these notes or bonds) that will generate enough cash to satisfy all interest, principal and any other payment obligations on the Notes on their various due dates 
 the current U.S. federal income tax law must be changed or an Internal Revenue Service IRS ruling must be issued permitting us to make the deposit described above, without causing holders to be taxed on the Notes any differently than if we did not make the deposit and instead repaid the debt securities ourselves under current U.S. federal income tax law, the deposit and our legal release from the debt securities could cause you to recognize gain or loss on the debt securities they were deemed to have returned to us and 
 we must deliver to the Trustee a legal opinion confirming the U.S. federal income tax law change or IRS ruling described above. 
 If we did accomplish full defeasance, holders would have to rely solely on the trust deposit for repayment on the Notes. Holders could not look to us for repayment in the unlikely event of any shortfall. Conversely, the trust deposit would most likely be protected from any claims of our lenders and other creditors if we ever became bankrupt or insolvent. Holders would also be released from any subordination provisions. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following rights and obligations will survive full defeasance 
 holders right to receive payments from the trust when payments are due 
 our obligations relating to registration and transfer of Notes and lost or mutilated certificates and 
 our obligations to maintain a payment office and to hold moneys for payment in trust. 
 Covenant Defeasance. Under current U.S. federal income tax law, we can make the same type of deposit described above and be released from some of the restrictive covenants in the Notes. This is called covenant defeasance. In that event, holders would lose the protection of such restrictive covenants but would gain the protection of having money and securities set aside in trust to repay the Notes. 
 If we accomplish covenant defeasance, the following provisions of the indenture and the Notes would no longer apply 
 the covenants set forth above under -Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets and -Certain Covenants and 
 the event of default listed in the third bullet point under the heading -Events of Default, Notice and Waiver above, as well as events of default relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization specified in the Indenture. 
 If we accomplish covenant defeasance, holders may still look to us for repayment of the Notes if a shortfall in the trust deposit occurred. A shortfall may occur if one of the remaining events of default occurs, such as our bankruptcy, causing the Notes to become immediately due and payable. Depending on the event causing the default, holders may not be able to obtain payment of the shortfall. 
 Information Concerning the Trustee 
 The Trustee, other than during the occurrence and continuance of an event of default under the Indenture, undertakes to perform only such duties as are specifically set forth in the Indenture. Upon an event of default under the Indenture, the Trustee must use the same degree of care as a prudent person would exercise or use in the conduct of his or her own affairs. Subject to this provision, the Trustee is under no obligation to exercise any of the powers given it by the Indenture at the request of any holder of Notes unless it is offered reasonable security and indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities that it might incur. The Trustee is not required to spend or risk its own 

money or otherwise become financially liable while performing its duties unless it reasonably believes that it will be repaid or receive adequate indemnity. 
 Governing Law 
 The Indenture is, and the Notes are, governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-10.23>
 3
 a1023-firstamendmenttotale.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 
 Exhibit 10.23 

 FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LEASE AGREEMENT NO. 3 
 
 THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LEASE AGREEMENT NO. 3 (this Amendment is made and entered into as of October 31, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and between HPT TA PROPERTIES TRUST , a Maryland real estate investment trust, and HPT TA PROPERTIES LLC , a Maryland limited liability company, as landlord (collectively, Landlord ), and TA OPERATING LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, as tenant Tenant ). 
 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Lease Agreement No. 3, dated as of October 14, 2019 (the Lease ), pursuant to which Landlord leases to Tenant, and Tenant Leases from Landlord, certain Leased Property (this and other capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Amendment having the meanings given such terms in the Lease), including, without limitation, the Travel Center having an address at 5501 O Donell Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21224 (the Baltimore Travel Center and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Baltimore Travel Center is the subject of that certain Land and Building Lease Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2003, between Realty Income Corporation and HPT TA Properties Trust (the Baltimore Ground Lease and 
 
 WHEREAS, effective as to the Effective Date, the Baltimore Ground Lease is being assigned from Landlord to Tenant pursuant to that certain Assignment of Lease Acceptance of Assignment and Assumption of Lease Landlord s Partial Release of Assignor and Consent to Assignment of Lease and Amendment of Lease, dated as of the Effective Date, among Realty Income Corporation, HPT TA Properties Trust, and Tenant (the Baltimore Lease Assignment and 
 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant desire to amend the Lease to reflect the removal of the Baltimore Travel Center from the Lease in connection with the assignment of the Baltimore Ground Lease from HPT TA Properties Trust to Tenant pursuant to the Baltimore Lease Assignment 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration, the mutual receipt and legal sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree that the Lease is hereby amended as of the Effective Date as follows 
 
 1. Lease Amendment . (a) The first page of Exhibit A to the Lease scheduling Exhibits A-1 through A-35 of the Lease is hereby replaced with the schedule of Exhibits A-1 through A-35 attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference, and (b) the text of Exhibit A-13 of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with Intentionally deleted . Accordingly, the Baltimore Travel Center is no longer a Property and the land which previously had been described in Exhibit A-13 is no longer included in the definition of Land, as Property and Land are defined by Section 2.1 of the Lease. 
 
 2. Ratification . The Lease, as amended by this Amendment, is hereby ratified and confirmed. For the avoidance of doubt, all references in the Lease to the Agreement shall mean and refer to the Lease as amended by this Amendment. 

4855-5471-8801,v.1 
 S2497788 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Landlord and Tenant have executed this Amendment as a sealed instrument as of the date first above written. 
 LANDLORD 
 HPT TA PROPERTIES TRUST , a Maryland real estate investment trust 
 By s Todd W. Hargreaves Todd W. Hargreaves President 
 HPT TA PROPERTIES LLC , a Maryland limited liability company 
 By s Todd W. Hargreaves Todd W. Hargreaves President 
 TENANT 
 TA OPERATING LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Mark R. Young Mark R. Young Executive Vice President and General Counsel 
 Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Lease No. 3 

EXHIBITS A-1 THROUGH A-35 
 LAND 
 Exhibit TA Site No. Property Address Commencement Date Initial Base Year A-1 16 3501 Buttermilk Road, Cottondale (Tuscaloosa), AL 35453 June 9, 2015 2015 A-2 26 4265 East Guasti Road, Ontario, CA 91761 June 9, 2015 2015 A-3 228 2200 Ninth Street, Limon, CO 80828 June 9, 2015 2015 A-4 154 1875 Meriden-Waterbury Turnpike, Milldale, CT 06467 June 9, 2015 2015 A-5 247 P.O. Box 638, Baldwin, FL 32234 June 9, 2015 2015 A-6 258 2995 US Highway 17 South, Brunswick, GA 31525 June 9, 2015 2015 A-7 92 505 Truckers Lane R.R. #7, Bloomington, IL 61701 June 9, 2015 2015 A-8 35 1702 West Evergreen, Effingham, IL 62401 June 9, 2015 2015 A-9 376 1035 West State Road 42, Brazil, IN 47834 June 22, 2016 2017 A-10 173 5930 E. State Road 334, Whitestown, IN 46075 June 9, 2015 2015 A-11 93 7777 Burlington Pike, Florence, KY 41042 June 9, 2015 2015 A-12 161 1701 N. University Avenue, Lafayette, LA 70507 June 9, 2015 2015 A-13 Intentionally Deleted. A-14 116 6100 Sawyer Road, Sawyer, MI 49125 June 9, 2015 2015 A-15 51 854 State Highway 80, Matthews, MO 63867 June 9, 2015 2015 A-16 181 6000 E. Frontage Road, Mill City, NV 89418 June 9, 2015 2015 A-17 229 1700 U.S. Route 66 West, Moriarty, NM 87035 June 9, 2015 2015 A-18 210 125 Neelytown Road, Montgomery (Maybrook), NY 12549 June 9, 2015 2015 A-19 701 715 US 250 East, Ashland, OH January 17, 2019 2015 A-20 11 6762 St. Rt. 127, Eaton (Dayton), OH 45320 June 9, 2015 2015 A-21 87 3483 Libbey Road, Perrysburg (Toledo), OH 43551 June 9, 2015 2015 A-22 36 801 South Council Road, Oklahoma City (East), OK 73128 June 9, 2015 2015 A-23 183 790 NW Frontage Road, Troutdale, OR 97060 June 9, 2015 2015 A-24 213 10835 John Wayne Drive, Greencastle, PA 17225 June 9, 2015 2015 A-25 214 875 N. Eagle Valley Rd., Milesburg, PA 16853 June 9, 2015 2015 A-26 238 2150-2240 Beltline Blvd., Columbia, SC January 17, 2019 2020 A-27 25 1402 E. Main Street, Duncan (Spartanburg), SC 29334 June 9, 2015 2015 A-28 55 7000 I-40 East Whitaker Road, Amarillo, TX 79118 June 9, 2015 2015 A-29 235 8301 N. Expressway 281, Edinburg, TX 78541 June 9, 2015 2015 A-30 333 160 State Highway 77, Hillsboro, TX January 17, 2019 2019 A-31 233 1700 Wilson Road, Terrell, TX 75161 June 9, 2015 2015 A-32 186 1100 North 130 West, Parowan, UT 84761 June 9, 2015 2015 A-33 142 10134 Lewison Rd., Ashland, VA 23005 June 9, 2015 2015 A-34 50 5901 Highway 51, DeForest (Madison), WI 53532 June 9, 2015 2015 A-35 234 1400 Higley Blvd., Rawlins, WY 82301 June 9, 2015 2015 

See attached copies. 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.24>
 4
 a1024-assignmentoflease.htm
 EX-10.24

Document 
 Exhibit 10.24 

ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE ACCEPTANCE OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE LANDLORD'S PARTIAL RELEASE OF ASSIGNOR AND CONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE AND AMENDMENT OF LEASE 
 
 This Assignment of Lease Acceptance of Assignment and Assumption of Lease Landlord's Partial Release of Assignor and Consent to Assignment of Lease and Amendment of Lease Agreement , dated for reference purposes only as of October 31 , 2022, is by and between REALTY INCOME CORPORATION, a Maryland corporation Landlord , HPT TA PROPERTIES TRUST, a Maryland real estate investment trust Assignor , and TA OPERATING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Assignee , with reference to the following recitals 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 A. Landlord is the current holder of the landlord's interest, and Assignor is the current holder of the tenant's interest under that certain Land and Building Lease Agreement dated March 
 28, 2003 (the Lease , between Landlord and TA Operating Corporation, succeeded via 
 conversion by TA Operating LLC, and assigned to Assignor pursuant to that Assignment of Land and Building Lease Agreement dated January 31, 2007. The Lease provides that Landlord leases to Assignor and Assignor leases from Landlord that certain real property together with all improvements thereon and appurtenances thereunto belonging Premises , the legal description of which is attached to the Lease as Exhibit A, commonly known as 
 
 Store #216 
 5501 O'Donnell Cutoff 
 Baltimore, Maryland 21224 
 
 B. The parties hereto desire as follows (i) Assignor desires to assign the Lease to Assignee (ii) Assignee desires to accept the foregoing assignment and assume all obligations of the Tenant under the Lease (iii) Landlord desires to consent to said assignment and (iv) the parties desire to amend the Lease. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 
 AGREEMENT 
 
 1. The recitals set forth above are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 2. All capitalized terms used herein, unless otherwise defined, shall have the same meaning given in the Lease . 
 
 3. Assignor hereby sells, assigns, transfers, and sets over to Assignee all of its right, title, and interest in and to the Lease, including but not limited to any interest Assignor may have in the security deposit, if any, held by Landlord. By executing this Agreement, Assignor agrees that Landlord is not in default in the performance of the Lease, nor has Landlord committed any 

Page 1 of 4 Pages 

breach thereof, and Assignor has no claim against Landlord in connection with the Lease or the leasing, use, or operation of the Premises. 
 
 4. In consideration of the foregoing assignment, Assignee hereby accepts the foregoing assignment and hereby assumes and agrees to be bound by, and to perform each and all of the terms, provisions, covenants, conditions, and agreements to be performed by Assignor pursuant to, the Lease. 
 
 5. Landlord hereby consents to the foregoing assignment of the Lease to Assignee. Landlord's consent herein shall not be construed to extend to any further assignment of the Lease or to any sublease of the Premises. 
 
 6. Upon the Effective Date (as defined below), Assignor shall be released from all obligations and liabilities under the Lease arising or accruing from and after the Effective Date. 
 7. Notices to Tenant under the Lease shall be sent to Assignee at TA OPERATING LLC 
 Attn Corporate Development 
 24601 Center Ridge Road 
 Westlake, OH 44145 
 
 And 
 
 TA OPERATING LLC Attn General Counsel 
 255 Washington Street 
 Newton, MA 02458 
 
 8. Notwithstanding anything in the Lease to the contrary, the Lease is hereby amended to incorporate the following At Landlord's written request, Assignee shall provide energy and water consumption data (the Utility Data no more than once annually in a format deemed reasonably acceptable by Landlord. For example, if Assignee is actively benchmarking the Premises through ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager or a similar benchmarking program, Landlord may request that Assignee share energy and water consumption data through the program directly. If requested by Landlord, Assignee shall provide Landlord with copies of Assignee's utility bills and such other Utility Data reasonably requested by Landlord for purposes of benchmarking, environmental performance labeling, energy management, and other related purposes. In addition, if requested by Landlord, Assignee shall provide metrics related to sustainability projects implemented on the Premises or the general sustainability performance of the Premises. Sustainability projects may include, but are not limited to, energy retrofit projects, renewable energy energy storage installations, energy efficiency upgrades, and EV charging stations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Assignee be required to provide any Utility Data materials (or access to such materials) that contain personally identifiable information, or that is precluded by law or contractual obligation to be disclosed to a third party landlord. Landlord's sustainability contact email is sustainability realtyincome.com. 

Page 2 of 4 Pages 

9. Each party represents to the others that it has obtained any and al1 necessary consents and approvals to assign the Lease pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 10. The persons executing this Agreement on behalf of Landlord, Assignor, and Assignee, respectively, represent and warrant that they have the right, power, legal capacity and authority to execute this Agreement and to bind the party for whom they are signing. 
 
 11. The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date upon which this Agreement is last executed by Landlord, Assignor, and Assignee Effective Date ). 
 
 12. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, and all counterparts shall together constitute one agreement binding upon all parties. This Agreement may be executed through the use of electronic signature, which each party acknowledges is a lawful means of obtaining signatures in the United States. Each party agrees that (a) its electronic signature on this Agreement is the legal equivalent of its manual signature on this Agreement and has the same legal effect as original signatures (b) its use of a key pad, mouse or other device to select an item, button, icon or similar act action to electronically sign this Agreement constitutes its signature E-Signature of this Agreement as if actually signed by such party in writing and (c) no certification authority or other third party verification is necessary to validate its E-Signature and that the lack of such certification or third party verification will not in any way affect the enforceability of its E-Signature on this Agreement. Further, each party agrees that this Agreement is and shall be enforceable between the parties notwithstanding that the signatures may not be in strict compliance with jurisdictional requirements. 
 
 13. Landlord's execution of this Agreement shall in no way be deemed a waiver of Landlord's rights or remedies under the Lease with respect to any defaults (if any) by the Tenant under the Lease not specifically addressed in this Agreement. 
 
 14. Except as specifically amended herein, all terms and conditions of the Lease shall remain in full force and effect. 

Signatures appear on following page. 

Page 3 of 4 Pages 

LANDLORD 
 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION, 
 a Maryland corporation 

By s Daniel Haug Name Daniel Haug Approved As To Form 
 Legal Department 
 Title SVP, Associate General Counsel s AH D.M. Date 10 31 2022 A. Hankins 

ASSIGNOR 
 HPT TA PROPERTIES TRUST, 
 a Maryland real estate investment trust 
 
 By s Todd Hargreaves Name Todd Hargreaves Title President Date 10 20 2022 

ASSIGNEE 
 TA OPERATING LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By s Mark R. Young Name Mark R. Young Title Executive Vice President 
 & General Counsel 
 Date 10 20 2022 

Page 4 of 4 Pages 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 a20221231ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization TA Operating LLC Delaware TA Franchise Systems LLC Delaware Petro Franchise Systems LLC Delaware TA Operating Nevada LLC Nevada TA Operating Montana LLC Delaware TravelCentres Canada Corporation Ontario, Canada TravelCentres Canada, Inc. Ontario, Canada TravelCentres Canada Limited Partnership Ontario, Canada TA HQ LLC Maryland TA Ventures LLC Maryland TA Ventures 2 LLC Delaware TAI 1 LLC Delaware TA West Greenwich LLC Maryland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 a231-travelcentersofameric.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in 

Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-211458) pertaining to the TravelCenters of America Inc. 2016 Equity Compensation Plan, 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-225149) pertaining to the Amended and Restated TravelCenters of America Inc. 2016 Equity Compensation Plan, 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-238551) pertaining to the Second Amended and Restated TravelCenters of America Inc. 2016 Equity Compensation Plan, 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256969) pertaining to the Second Amended and Restated TravelCenters of America Inc. 2016 Equity Compensation Plan, and 
 Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-253662) and related Prospectus of TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of TravelCenters of America Inc. and the effectiveness of TravelCenters of America Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 7
 a232-rsmconsent.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 
 Exhibit 23.2 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-211458) pertaining to the TravelCenters of America Inc. 2016 Equity Compensation Plan, 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-225149) pertaining to the Amended and Restated TravelCenters of America Inc. 2016 Equity Compensation Plan, 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-238551) pertaining to the Second Amended and Restated TravelCenters of America Inc. 2016 Equity Compensation Plan, 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256969) pertaining to the Second Amended and Restated TravelCenters of America Inc. 2016 Equity Compensation Plan, and 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-253662) and related Prospectus of TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 
 of our report dated February 23, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements of TravelCenters of America Inc. as of December 31, 2021 and for the two years in the period then ended, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TravelCenters of America Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s RSM US LLP 

Cleveland, Ohio 
 March 1, 2023 

1 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 a20221231ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 I, Jonathan M. Pertchik, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date March 1, 2023 s Jonathan M. Pertchik Jonathan M. Pertchik Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 a20221231ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 I, Peter J. Crage, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TravelCenters of America Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date March 1, 2023 s Peter J. Crage 
 Peter J. Crage 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 a20221231ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350 
 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the filing by TravelCenters of America Inc. (the Company of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 (the Report ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, to the best of his knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date March 1, 2023 s Jonathan M. Pertchik Jonathan M. Pertchik Chief Executive Officer s Peter J. Crage Peter J. Crage Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ta-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ta-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ta-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 ta-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 ta-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

