<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1489588_0001213900-23-024680.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11388929</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>513973</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1871072</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2887581</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2886193</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2958391</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024680.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330163322
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024680
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Home Bistro, Inc. /NV/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001489588
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-NONSTORE RETAILERS [5960]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56222
		FILM NUMBER:		23781175

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4014 CHASE AVENUE, #212
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33140
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(631) 964-1111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4014 CHASE AVENUE, #212
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33140

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gratitude Health, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VAPIR ENTERPRISES INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141028

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FAL EXPLORATION CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130730

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024680.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_homebistro.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices, zip code) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of October 31, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s last completed
fourth quarter, based upon the closing price of the common stock of 3.00 on October 27, 2022 the last trade date, is 

As of October 31, 2022, there were shares
of registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Auditor Name: 
 Auditor Location: 
 Auditor Firm ID: 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosure 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 25 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 In And Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers And Corporate Governance 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management And Related Stockholder Matters 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships And Related Transactions, And Director Independence 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees And Services 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 And Financial Statement Schedules 

Item
 16. 
 Summary
 Form 10-K 

THE COMPANY S MOST RECENT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND INFORMATION AS REPORTED WITHIN THIS FORM 10-K FILING ARE NOT COMPLETE AND HAVE NOT BEEN AUDITED. THE COMPANY IS CURRENTLY UNDERGOING
ITS AUDIT FOR THE 12 MONTH PERIOD ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022, AND BELIEVES IT WILL BE COMPLETED IN THE COMING WEEKS AND REFILED WITH AN AMENDMENT
TO THIS FORM 10-K FILING. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS FOR INFORMATION ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON FOR INVESTMENT OR ANY
OTHER PURPOSE. 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

This Annual Report on Form 10-KT (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss
future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 intend, could, should, would, may, seek, plan, 
 might, will, expect, predict, project, forecast, potential, 
 continue negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are
based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance, or achievement to
be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

These factors include, among others: 

current
or future financial performance; 

management s
plans and objectives for future operations; 

uncertainties
associated with product research and development 

uncertainties
associated with dependence upon the actions of government regulatory agencies; 

product
plans and performance; 

management s
assessment of market factors; and 

statements
regarding our strategy and plans. 

Actual results could differ materially from the
results described in the forward-looking statements due to the risks and uncertainties set forth in this Report and those described from
time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

We cannot predict all of the risks and uncertainties.
Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements or
that our objectives and plans will be achieved, and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Report and include information
concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including statements about business strategies; future cash flows; financing
plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business
plans and future financial results, and any other statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements represent
our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions, and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors.
Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied
by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking
statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report. All subsequent written and oral
forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf
are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Report. 

Except to the extent required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change
in events, conditions, circumstances, or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

ii 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Business Overview 

Home Bistro, Inc. (formerly known as Gratitude
Health, Inc.) (the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 17, 2009. Effective March 23, 2018, the
Company changed its name to Gratitude Health, Inc. from Vapir Enterprises Inc. On September 14, 2020, the Company changed its name from
Gratitude Health, Inc. to Home Bistro, Inc. The Company is in the business of providing prepackaged and prepared meals to consumers focused
on offering a broad array of the highest quality meal planning, delivery, and preparation services. The Company s primary former
operations were in the business of manufacturing, selling, and marketing functional RTD (Ready to Drink) beverages sold under the Company s
trademark (the RTD Business ). The RTD Business was disposed on September 25, 2020 as discussed below. 

On April 7, 2020, the Board of Directors of the
Company approved the increase of authorized shares of common stock from 600,000,000 to 1,000,000,000. 

Acquisition of Home Bistro Holdings and Disposal
of the Discontinued Operations of the RTD Business 

Home Bistro, Inc. was formed on April 9, 2013
as a Delaware corporation, under the name DineWise, LLC. On December 1, 2014, it underwent a statutory conversion filed under Section
8-265 of the Delaware Code to converted from a limited liability company to a corporation and changed its name to Home Bistro, Inc. 

On September 22, 2020, Home Bistro, Inc. (presently
known as Home Bistro Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation) Home Bistro Holdings filed a Certificate of Conversion to a
Non-Delaware Entity Delaware Secretary State to file a statutory conversion under Section 266 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law to convert its state of domicile from Delaware to Nevada and simultaneously filed an Articles of Conversion Nevada Secretary of State
for the same and changed its name from Home Bistro, Inc. to Home Bistro Holdings, Inc., each effective as of September 30, 2020. 

Home Bistro Holdings provides prepackaged and
prepared meals as a solution for time-constrained but discerning consumers focused on satisfying every member of the family by offering
a broad array of the highest quality meal delivery and preparation services. Products are gourmet meals delivered fresh-frozen directly
to the home. 

Agreement and Plan of Merger 

On April 20, 2020, the Company, Fresh Market Merger
Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a newly created wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, also referred to herein as Merger Sub, and
Home Bistro, Inc., a privately-held Delaware corporation engaged in the food preparation and home-delivery business (presently known as
Home Bistro Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation), also referred to herein also Home Bistro Holdings, entered into an Agreement and Plan
of Merger, also referred to herein as the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub agreed to merge with and
into Home Bistro Holdings, with Home Bistro Holdings becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the surviving corporation in
the merger, also referred to herein as the Merger. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Home Bistro Holdings filed a Certificate
of Merger with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 20, 2020. 

Prior to the effective time of the Merger, the
Company and certain of its existing securityholders entered into an Exchange Agreement providing for, among other things, the exchange
(the Exchange of securities held by such securityholders for shares of common stock, as more fully detailed therein. As
a result of the Exchange, all of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock
and convertible notes were converted into an aggregate of 5,405,479 shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis, consisting of 1,364,222
shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to 4,041,258 shares of common stock. The 250,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock
owned by a former officer were cancelled on April 9, 2020 pursuant to a General Release Agreement and 250,000 shares of Series B Preferred
Stock held by a related party remained issued and outstanding as of the date of the Merger. 

After the Exchange, a total of 1,899,094 shares
of common stock, warrants to purchase 4,041,258 shares of common stock and 60,638 stock options were deemed issued and outstanding. 

1 

At the effective time of the Merger, and subject
to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of common stock of Home Bistro Holdings was converted into
the right to receive approximately four hundred seventy-three (473) shares of common stock. Accordingly, the aggregate shares of the Company s
common stock issued in the Merger to the former securityholders of Home Bistro Holdings is 24,031,453 shares of common stock on a fully
diluted basis consisting of 17,105,139 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to 6,926,314 shares of common stock. 

Subsequent to the Merger, the Company had an aggregate
of 30,031,501 shares of common stock issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis consisting of 19,004,233 shares of common stock,
60,638 stock options and warrants to purchase up to 10,967,572 shares of common stock. 

On April 20, 2020, pursuant to the terms of the
Merger Agreement, Roy G. Warren, Jr., Mike Edwards, and Bruce Zanca resigned as directors of the Company and Roy G. Warren, Jr. resigned
as Chief Operating Officer of the Company. The resignations were not the result of any disagreement related to the Company s operations,
policies, or practices. Furthermore, on April 20, 2020, Mr. Zalmi Duchman, the Chief Executive Officer of Home Bistro Holdings, Michael
Finkelstein and Michael Novielli were appointed as directors of the Company. In addition, Mr. Duchman was appointed Chief Executive Officer. 

In connection with the Merger, certain Company
stockholders entered into a Lock-Up and Leak-Out Agreement with the Company pursuant to which, among other thing, such stockholders agreed
to certain restrictions regarding the resale of common stock for a period of two years from the date of the Merger Agreement, as more
fully detailed therein. 

Additionally, on April 20, 2020, the Company and
a stockholder entered into a Put Option Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company agreed, at the election of the stockholder,
to purchase certain shares of common stock from such stockholder no sooner than two years from the date of the Put Option Agreement (the
 Market Period ). Pursuant to the Put Option Agreement, in the event that the stockholder does not generate 1.3 million dollars
(the Total Investment in gross proceeds from the sale of its shares of common stock by the second anniversary of the Put
Option Agreement, then the stockholder has the right to cause the Company to purchase shares held by the stockholder at a price equal
to the difference between the Total Investment and the net proceeds actually realized by the stockholder from shares of common stock sold
during the Market Period and the number of shares of common stock held by the stockholder on the date the put right is exercised. The
put right expires fourteen (14) days from end of the Market Period. In connection with the Put Option Agreement, the Company recorded
a common stock repurchase obligation in the amount of 1.3 million. 

Effective April 20, 2020, the Company acquired
all the issued and outstanding shares of Home Bistro Holdings pursuant to the Merger Agreement and Home Bistro Holdings became a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company. As a result of the Merger, for financial statement reporting purposes, the Merger between the Company
and Home Bistro Holdings has been treated as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization with Home Bistro Holdings deemed the accounting
acquirer and the Company deemed the accounting acquiree in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Section 805-10-55. At the time of the Merger, both the Company and Home Bistro Holdings had their own separate operating segments. Accordingly,
the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in the consolidated financial statements after the Merger
are those of Home Bistro Holdings and are recorded at the historical cost basis of Home Bistro Holdings. The acquisition process utilizes
the capital structure of the Company and the assets and liabilities of Home Bistro Holdings which are recorded at historical cost. The
results of operations of the Company are consolidated with results of operations of Home Bistro Holdings starting on the date of the Merger
Agreement. The equity of the consolidated entity is the historical equity of Home Bistro Holdings retroactively restated to reflect the
number of shares issued by the Company in the reverse acquisition. 

The Merger constituted a change of control and
the majority of the Board of Directors changed with the consummation of the Merger. The Company issued to the stockholders of Home Bistro
Holdings shares of common stock and stock warrants which represented approximately 80 of the combined company on a fully converted basis
after the closing of the Merger. As a result of the above transactions and the Company s intent to dispose of or divest the
assets and liabilities associated with the RTD Business as discussed below, this transaction was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization
of Home Bistro Holdings where Home Bistro Holdings is considered the historical registrant and the historical operations presented will
be those of Home Bistro Holdings. 

2 

The following assets and liabilities were
assumed in the Merger: 

The following assets and liabilities were assumed
in the Merger: 

Cash 
 4,917 
 
 Prepaid expense 
 9,776 
 
 Operating right-of-use asset 
 32,444 
 
 Total assets acquired 
 47,137 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 (209,417 
 
 Operating right-of-use liability 
 (32,444 
 
 Total liabilities assumed 
 (241,861 

Net liability assumed 
 (194,724 

Disposal of Discontinued Operations of the
RTD Business 

On September 25, 2020, pursuant to the Asset Purchase
Agreement, among other things, the Company agreed to sell all of the Company s business, assets and properties used, or held or
developed for use, in its functional RTD (Ready to Drink) beverage segment (the RTD Business ), and the Buyer agreed to assume
certain debts, obligations and liabilities related to the RTD Business. The Company assumed an accounts payable liability in the amount
of 14,000 related to accounting expense of the RTD Business for a period prior to the Merger. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement,
the Buyer reimbursed the Company for t accounting expenses in amount of 14,000 incurred prior to the Merger, of which 7,000 was payable
in cash and the balance in form of a promissory note dated September 25, 2020 in the amount of 7,000. The promissory note bears interest
at a rate of 5 per annum, matures on April 25, 2021 and is payable in monthly installments of 1,000 commencing on October 25, 2020 through
April 25, 2021. The Company received the 7,000 cash portion of the consideration subsequent to September 30, 2020 which has been included
in the prepaid and other current assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2020 (see Note 1). The 14,000
reimbursement was recorded to additional paid in capital as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in stockholders 
deficit. 

ASC 205-20 Discontinued Operations 
establishes that the disposal or abandonment of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity should be reported in discontinued
operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity s operations and financial
results. As a result, the component s results of operations have been classified as discontinued operations on a retrospective basis
for all periods presented. The results of operations of this component, for all periods, are separately reported as discontinued
operations on the consolidated statements of operations. 

The Asset Purchase Agreement, discussed above
under Agreement and Plan of Merger , was intended to be part of the Merger and in effect transferred the RTD Business and the
related assets and liabilities to Gratitude Keto, whose CEO, Roy Warren Jr., formerly served as the Company s director and Chief
Operating Officer and was considered a related party, in substance, in the accounting of this transaction. Therefore, the disposal of
net liabilities and the reimbursement discussed above in connection with the disposal of the RTD Business was recorded to additional paid
in capital as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in stockholders deficit. 

The following table set forth the selected financial
data of the net liabilities recorded to additional paid in capital as of September 24, 2020. 

September 24, 
 2020 
 
 Assets: 

Other assets: 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 
 2,417 
 
 Total assets 
 2,417 

Liabilities: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 
 112,212 
 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 5,009 
 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion 
 2,417 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 119,638 
 
 Total liabilities 
 119,638 

Net liabilities 
 117,221 
 
 Expense reimbursement by Buyer 
 14,000 
 
 Disposal of net liabilities to a related party 
 131,221 

3 

The Products and Packaging: 

The Company manufactures, packages, and sells,
direct-to-consumer, gourmet meals under the Home Bistro brand markets restaurant quality meats and seafood under the Prime Chop and Colorado
Prime brands.. 

In addition to its diverse menu of gourmet meals,
the Company has also partnered with world-renowned chefs to offer a selection of each chef s specialty cuisine (the Celebrity
Chef Program ). The Company launched its Celebrity Chef Program with Iron Chef, Cat Cora to offer Chef Cora s Mediterranean/Southern
inspired cooking. Home Bistro also partnered with Hungry Fan celebrity chef, Daina Falk to offer Ms. Falk s sports
stadium tailgate inspired recipes. The Company plans to expand it celebrity chef program to include gourmet cuisine from notable chefs
around the world. In doing so, the Company intends to create a digital food court through which it will offer consumers an internationally
diversified selection of fully cooked gourmet meals. 

Market Information and the Value Chain and
Routes to Market 

The online food delivery
market is projected to reach 28.5 billion in the United States in 2021 and achieve a cumulative average growth rate of 4.3 through 2024,
according to a recent report by market and consumer data company Statista. 

Consumers are continually becoming time-starved
and convenience-seeking, while others have tired from the impact the pandemic has had on their access to restaurant quality food over
the last year. As a result, consumers have aggressively sought out alternatives to cooking at home or ordering take-out. 

Meal-Kits vs. Third-Party
Delivery vs. Prepared Meals 

Business models for meal-kit
providers, third-party delivery services and prepared heat-to-eat meal companies, differ vastly from one another. Meal-kit
companies provide customers pre-portioned, raw ingredients and recipes that require preparation, cooking, and the ensuing clean-up, not
to mention that the resulting meal is still subject to the preparer s ability, or lack thereof, to cook. On average, meals take
anywhere from 30-60 minutes for preparation and cooking and another 15 minutes to clean up. In addition, due to the short shelf life of
raw materials provided in meal-kits, meal-kit providers experience higher operating and supply chain costs compared to prepared meal providers.
Home Bistro s flash freezing process and packaging serves to extend its product s shelf life and promotes operational efficiencies. 

Third-party online delivery
platforms such as Grubhub, Uber Eats and DoorDash offer access to restaurants menus via a single online portal. Customers then
order directly from the app and cooked meals are delivered typically within 60 minutes by the restaurant, third party delivery service
or the app platform itself. During the delivery, cooked meals lose heat, which can decrease the enjoyment of the meal or require reheating. 

The prepared, heat-to-eat providers in the meal
delivery segment (in which Home Bistro operates) ship fresh and fresh-frozen, fully cooked meals direct-to-consumer. On average, these
meals require heating for only three to five minutes using a microwave of sous vide machine. The experience is extremely convenient, requires
very little cleanup and delivers a gourmet meal prepared by a professional chef. Consumers can order one meal or several meals, which
can be stored and heated when desired. 

Production 

Until mid-2020, the Company
used third-party co-packers to cooks, packages, fulfill and ship its meals to its customers. In June, Home Bistro entered into a lease
for commercial kitchen facilities, hired and trained professional chefs and implemented its own fulfillment operations. By managing its
own food production and fulfillment, Home Bistro expects to be able to improve its competitive position, while expanding its gross profit
and operating margins. It will provide the Company with significantly greater flexibility to create and introduce new menu items, including
the expansion of its Celebrity Chef Program, and react to dynamics of a developing marketplace. 

Orders for restaurant
quality meats and seafood through the Company s Prime Chop and Colorado Prime brand continue to processed through a third-party
co-packer based in North Carolina who fulfills and ships customer orders. 

4 

Competition 

In the direct-to-consumer prepared meal home delivery
market segment, our competition is extensive and includes larger more established companies such as Jenny Craig, WW International and
Nutrisystem which have significantly greater financial, technical, sales and marketing resources than the Company, as well as numerous
smaller independent providers. We believe, however, there is considerable room for additional competitors offering modestly priced, high
quality offerings, as the direct-to-consumer segment of the home delivery market for food continues to expand. In addition, we believe
the competition for consumers seeking ready-made gourmet meals (such as Home Bistro) is less intensive than other niches such as weight
loss, high protein, keto, or paleo. 

In the direct-to-consumer, high quality meats
and seafood market segment, our competition is extensive and includes larger more established companies such as Omaha Steaks, Kansas City
Steak Company and Snake River Farms which have significantly greater financial, technical, sales and marketing resources than the Company,
as well as Butcher Block, D Artagnan and Crowd Cow. We believe, however, there is considerable room for additional competitors offering
modestly priced, high quality offerings, as the direct-to-consumer segment of the home delivery market for food continues to expand. 

Home Bistro s online competition consists
primarily of national and local service providers, point-of-sale module vendors that serve some independent restaurants who have their
own standalone websites and the online interfaces of restaurants that also offer takeout. The Company also competes for diners with online
competitors on the basis of convenience, control, and customer care. For restaurants, Home Bistro competes with other online platforms
based on its ability to generate additional orders, manage challenges such as customization, change orders, menu updates and specials
and the ability to help them improve their operational efficiency. 

Government Regulation 

We are subject to labor
and employment laws, import and trade restrictions laws, laws governing advertising, privacy and data security laws, safety regulations
and other laws, including consumer protection regulations that apply to retailers and/or the promotion and sale of merchandise and the
operation of stores and warehouse facilities. In the United States, we are subject to the regulatory authority of, among other agencies,
the Federal Trade Commission FTC and U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). We will employ a number of
external resources to assist us in complying with our regulatory obligations. These external resources will include outside technology
providers and consultants. As we expand our business, we will be required to raise additional capital to cover the expected increase in
costs to hire and train additional internal and external resources to ensure we remain in substantial compliance with our governmental
obligations. We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws. 

Trademarks 

We own trademarks on certain of our products,
including Trademark serial numbers 86636971 and 86636968. 

5 

Item 2.05 Costs Associated
with Exit or Disposal Activities . 

On October 28, 2022,
Home Bistro, Inc. (the Company made the decision to close its kitchen
facility at Pembroke Pine, Florida as part of a strategic review of its business. 

The Company has not yet
completed its analysis of charges associated with implementation of the kitchen facility closure, and therefore is not able to make a
good faith determination of an estimate of the amount, or range of amounts, of any charges relating thereto. The Company will provide
additional disclosure through an amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K once it makes a determination of an estimate or range of
estimates of such charges, if any. 

Following the closure
of the Company s Miami kitchen facility, the delivery of orders for the Company s restaurant-quality, Colorado Prime brand
meats and seafood remains in full operation. 

Item 2.06 Material Impairments . 

To the extent required,
the information contained in Item 2.05 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 5.02 Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers . 

On October 31, 2022,
Camille May resigned from her position as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective as of November 1, 2022. Ms. May will remain
as a consultant with the Company to assist with certain financial and accounting matters. 

Effective as of November
1, 2022, Zalmi Duchman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, was appointed to serve as Interim Chief Financial Officer until a new
Chief Financial Officer is named. 

Employees 

As of October 31, 2022, Home Bistro had 4 full-time
employees. None of these employees are represented by collective bargaining agreements and the Company considers it relations with its
employees to be good. 

6 

RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our Common Stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this prospectus before investing
in our Common Stock. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed.
Currently, shares of our Common Stock are not publicly traded. In the event that shares of our Common Stock become publicly traded, the
trading price of our Common Stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In the event
our Common Stock fails to become publicly traded you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Relating to Our Business Generally 

There is substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

We had net losses of 12,802,275 for the ten-month
transition period ended October 31, 2021 and 1,241,661 for the twelve month period ended December 31, 2020. The net cash used in operations
was 2,771,676 and 273,817 for the ten-month transition period ended October 31, 2021 and twelve month period ended December 31, 2020,
respectively. Additionally, we had an accumulated deficit of 19,135,664 at October 31, 2021. 

Management cannot provide assurance that we will
ultimately achieve sufficient profitable operations or become cash flow positive or raise additional debt and/or equity capital. We believe
that our capital resources are not currently adequate to continue operating and maintaining our business strategy for a period of twelve
months following the offering. We may seek to raise capital through additional debt and/or equity financings and generate sufficient revenues
to fund its operations in the future. 

The Report of our Independent Registered Public
Accountant firm issued in connection with our audited consolidated financial statement for the transition period ended October 31, 2021
and year ended December 31, 2020 expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our business strategy relating to the development
and introduction of new products and services exposes us to risks such as limited customer and/or market acceptance and additional expenditures
that may not result in additional net revenue. 

An important component of our business strategy
is to focus on new products and services that enable us to provide immediate value to our customers. Customer and/or market acceptance
of these new products and services cannot be predicted with certainty, and if we fail to execute properly on this strategy or to adapt
this strategy as market conditions evolve, our ability to grow revenue and our results of operations may be adversely affected. If we
fail to successfully implement our business strategy, our financial performance and our growth could be materially and adversely affected. 

If we fail to successfully implement our
business strategy, our financial performance and our growth could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our future financial performance and success are
dependent in large part upon our ability to implement our business strategy successfully. Implementation of our strategy will require
effective management of our operational, financial and human resources and will place significant demands on those resources. See Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this prospectus for more information regarding
our business strategy. There are risks involved in pursuing our strategy, including the ability to hire or retain the personnel necessary
to manage our strategy effectively. 

In addition to the risks set forth above, implementation
of our business strategy could be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, such as increased competition, legal developments,
government regulation, general economic conditions, increased operating costs or expenses, and changes in industry trends. We may decide
to alter or discontinue certain aspects of our business strategy at any time. If we are not able to implement our business strategy successfully,
our long-term growth and profitability may be adversely affected. Even if we are able to implement some or all of the initiatives of our
business strategy successfully, our operating results may not improve to the extent we anticipate, or at all. 

7 

We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits
and cost savings of the acquisition of Model Meals, which could adversely affect the value of our Common Stock. 

The ultimate success of the acquisition of Model
Meals will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining the business of Model Meals
and Home Bistro. Our ability to realize these anticipated benefits and cost savings is subject to certain risks including: 

our
ability to successfully combine the business of Model Meals and Home Bistro, including with respect to the integration of our systems
and technology; 

whether
the combined businesses will perform as currently expected; 

the
possibility that we paid more for Model Meals than the value we will derive from the acquisition; and 

the
assumption of known and unknown liabilities of Model Meals. 

If we are not able to successfully combine the
business of Model Meals and Home Bistro within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated cost savings and other benefits
of the acquisition may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected, the combined businesses may not perform
as expected, and the value of our Common Stock may be adversely affected. 

We cannot provide assurances that Model Meals
and Home Bistro can be integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees,
the disruption of our ongoing businesses or in unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs, and an overall integration
process that takes longer than originally anticipated. In addition, at times, the attention of certain members of our management and resources
may be focused on completion of the integration and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt our ongoing business.
We may experience difficulties associated with the implementation and/or integration of new businesses, services (including outsourced
services), technologies, solutions, or products. 

We may face difficulties, costs, and delays in
effectively implementing and/or integrating acquired businesses, services (including outsourced services), technologies, solutions, or
products into our business. Implementing internally developed solutions and products, and/or integrating newly acquired businesses, services
(including outsourced services), and technologies could be time-consuming and may strain our resources. Consequently, we may not be successful
in implementing and/or integrating these new businesses, services, technologies, solutions, or products and may not achieve anticipated
revenue and cost benefits. 

8 

We may experience difficulties associated
with the implementation and/or integration of new businesses, services (including outsourced services), technologies, solutions, or products. 

We may face difficulties, costs, and delays in
effectively implementing and/or integrating acquired businesses, services (including outsourced services), technologies, solutions, or
products into our business. Implementing internally developed solutions and products, and/or integrating newly acquired businesses,
services (including outsourced services), and technologies could be time-consuming and may strain our resources. Consequently, we may
not be successful in implementing and/or integrating these new businesses, services, technologies, solutions, or products and may not
achieve anticipated revenue and cost benefits. 

Changes in macroeconomic conditions may
adversely affect our business. 

Economic difficulties and other macroeconomic
conditions could reduce the demand and/or the timing of purchases for certain of our services from customers and potential customers.
Recent disruption in the general supply chain could make it difficult to obtain or increase the cost of purchasing ingredients, which
would have a negative impact on revenue and margins. In addition, changes in economic conditions could create liquidity and credit constraints.
We cannot assure you that we would be able to secure additional financing if needed and, if such funds were available, that the terms
and conditions would be acceptable to us. 

A failure of our information technology
or systems could adversely affect our business. 

Our ability to deliver our products and services
depends on effectively using information technology. We rely upon our information technology and systems, employees, and third parties
for operating and monitoring all major aspects of our business. These technologies and systems and, therefore, our operations could be
damaged or interrupted by natural disasters, power loss, network failure, improper operation by our employees, data privacy or security
breaches, computer viruses, computer hacking, network penetration or other illegal intrusions or other unexpected events. Any disruption
in the operation of our information technology or systems, regardless of the cause, could adversely impact our operations, which may adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

A cybersecurity incident could result in
the loss of confidential data, give rise to remediation and other expenses, expose us to liability under consumer protection laws, common
law theories or other laws, subject us to litigation and federal and state governmental inquiries, damage our reputation, and otherwise
be disruptive to our business. 

The nature of our business involves the receipt,
storage and use of personal data about our customers, as well as employees. Additionally, we rely upon third parties that are not directly
under our control to store and use portions of that personal data as well. The secure maintenance of this and other confidential information
or other proprietary information is critical to our business operations. To protect our information systems from attack, damage and unauthorized
use, we have implemented multiple layers of security, including technical safeguards, processes, and our people. Our defenses are monitored
and routinely tested internally and by external parties. Despite these efforts, threats from malicious persons and groups, new vulnerabilities,
technology failures, and advanced attacks against information systems create risk of cybersecurity incidents. We cannot provide assurance
that we or our third-party vendors or other service providers will not be subject to cybersecurity incidents, which may result in unauthorized
access by third parties, loss, misappropriation, disclosure or corruption of customer, employee, or our information; or other data subject
to privacy laws. Such cybersecurity incidents or delays in responding to or remedying damage caused by such incidents may lead to a disruption
in our systems or business, costs to modify, enhance, or remediate our cybersecurity measures, liability under privacy, security and consumer
protection laws or litigation under these or other laws, including common law theories, and subject us to enforcement actions, fines,
regulatory proceedings or litigation against us, damage to our business reputation, a reduction in participation and sales of our products
and services, and legal obligations to notify customers or other affected individuals about an incident, which could cause us to incur
substantial costs and negative publicity, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations and harm our business reputation. 

As a result, cybersecurity and the continued development
and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices remain a priority for us. We may be required to expend significant additional
resources in our efforts to modify or enhance our protective measures against evolving threats or to investigate and remediate any cybersecurity
vulnerabilities. 

9 

Our business is subject to changing privacy
and security laws, rules and regulations, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, the Telephone Consumer Protection
Act and other state privacy regulations, which impact our operating costs and for which failure to adhere could negatively impact our
business. 

Our business is subject to various privacy and
data security laws, regulations, and codes of conduct that apply to our various business units (e.g., Payment Card Industry Data Security
Standards and Telephone Consumer Protection Act TCPA )). These laws and regulations may be inconsistent across jurisdictions
and are subject to evolving and differing (sometimes conflicting) interpretations. While we are using internal and external resources
to monitor compliance with and to continue to modify our data processing practices and policies in order to comply with evolving privacy
laws, relevant regulatory authorities could determine that our data handling practices fail to address all the requirements of certain
new laws, which could subject us to penalties and/or litigation. Government regulators, privacy advocates and class action attorneys are
increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect, process, use, store, share and transmit personal data. This increased scrutiny may result
in new interpretations of existing laws as well as new laws, regulations, and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection,
and information security proposed and enacted in various jurisdictions, thereby further impacting our business. For example, the California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), went into effect on January 1, 2020, and it applies broadly to information that identifies
or is associated with any California household or individual, and compliance with the new law requires that we implement several operational
changes, including processes to respond to individuals data access and deletion requests. Failure to comply with the CCPA may result
in attorney general enforcement action and damage to our reputation. The CCPA also provides for civil penalties for violations, as well
as a private right of action for data breaches that may increase data breach litigation. We may also be exposed to litigation, regulatory
fines, penalties or other sanctions if the personal, confidential or proprietary information of our customers is mishandled or misused
by any of our suppliers, counterparties or other third parties, or if such third parties do not have appropriate controls in place to
protect such personal, confidential or proprietary information. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission FTC and many
state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the collection, use, dissemination,
and security of data. The obligations imposed by the CCPA and other similar laws that may be enacted at the federal and state level may
require us to modify our business practices and policies and to incur substantial expenditures in order to comply. 

We depend on our management team. 

The Company s future success primarily depends
on the efforts of the existing management team, particularly, Zalmi Duchman, our Chief Executive Officer. Loss of the services of Mr.
Duchman could materially and adversely affect the Company s business prospects. We do not carry key-man life insurance
on the lives of any of our employees or advisors. As sufficient funds become available, the Company intends to hire additional qualified
personnel. Significant competition exists for such personnel and, accordingly, our compensation costs may increase significantly. The
Company believes it will be able to recruit and retain personnel with the skills required for present needs and future growth but cannot
assure it will be successful in those efforts. 

In order to be successful, we must attract,
engage, retain, and integrate key employees and have adequate succession plans in place, and failure to do so could have an adverse effect
on our ability to manage our business. 

Our success depends, in large part, on our ability
to attract, engage, retain, and integrate qualified executives and other key employees throughout all areas of our business. Identifying,
developing internally or hiring externally, training, and retaining highly skilled managerial and other personnel are critical to our
future, and competition for experienced employees can be intense. Failure to successfully hire executives and key employees or the loss
of any executives and key employees could have a significant impact on our operations. The loss of services of any key personnel, the
inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future, or delays in hiring may harm our business and results of operations.
Further, changes in our management team may be disruptive to our business, and any failure to successfully integrate key newly hired employees
could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

10 

We face competition for staffing, which
may increase our labor costs and reduce profitability. 

We compete with other food and beverage services
providers in recruiting qualified management, including executives with the required skills and experience to operate and grow our business,
and staff personnel for the day-to-day operations of our business. These challenges may require us to enhance wages and benefits to recruit
and retain qualified management and other professionals. Difficulties in attracting and retaining qualified management and other professionals,
or in controlling labor costs, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 

We are or may become a party to litigation
that could potentially force us to pay significant damages and/or harm our reputation. 

We could be subject to certain legal proceedings,
which potentially involve large claims and significant defense costs (see Legal Proceedings ). These legal proceedings and
any other claims that we may face in the future, whether with or without merit, could result in costly litigation, and divert the time,
attention, and resources of our management. The coverage limits of our insurance policies may not be adequate to cover all such claims
and some claims may not be covered by insurance. Additionally, insurance coverage with respect to some claims against us or our directors
and officers may not be available on terms that would be favorable to us, or the cost of such coverage could increase in the future. Further,
although we believe that we have conducted our operations in compliance with applicable statutory and contractual requirements and that
we have meritorious defenses to outstanding claims, it is possible that resolution of these legal matters could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations. In addition, legal expenses associated with the defense of these matters may be material to our results
of operations in a particular financial reporting period. 

Third parties may infringe on our brands,
trademarks and other intellectual property rights, which may have an adverse impact on our business. 

We currently rely on a combination of trademark
and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality procedures to establish and protect our proprietary rights, including our brands.
If we fail to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights, the value of our brands, services and products could be diminished
and our business may suffer. Our precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our intellectual property. Any legal action that we may
bring to protect our brands and other intellectual property could be unsuccessful and expensive and could divert management s attention
from other business concerns. In addition, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual
property, especially in Internet-related businesses, are uncertain and evolving. We cannot assure you that these evolving legal standards
will sufficiently protect our intellectual property rights in the future. 

We may be subject to intellectual property
rights claims. 

Third parties may make claims against us alleging
infringement of their intellectual property rights. Any intellectual property claims, regardless of merit, could be time-consuming and
expensive to litigate or settle and could significantly divert management s attention from other business concerns. In addition,
if we were unable to successfully defend against such claims, we may have to pay damages, stop selling the service or product or stop
using the software, technology or content found to be in violation of a third party s rights, seek a license for the infringing
service, product, software, technology or content or develop alternative non-infringing services, products, software, technology or content.
If we cannot license on reasonable terms, develop alternatives or stop using the service, product, software, technology or content for
any infringing aspects of our business, we may be forced to limit our service and product offerings. Any of these results could reduce
our revenue and our ability to compete effectively, increase our costs or harm our business. 

Damage to our reputation could harm our
business, including our competitive position and business prospects. 

Our ability to attract and retain customers and
employees is impacted by our reputation. Harm to our reputation can arise from various sources, including employee misconduct, cyber security
breaches, unethical behavior, litigation or regulatory outcomes, which could, among other consequences, increase the size and number of
litigation claims and damages asserted or subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties and cause us to incur related costs and
expenses. 

We rely on third parties to provide us with
adequate food supply, freight and fulfillment and Internet and networking services, the loss or disruption of any of which could cause
our revenue, earnings or reputation to suffer. 

We rely on third-parties to supply all of the
food and other products we sell as well as packaging materials. If we are unable to obtain sufficient quantity, quality and variety of
food, other products and packaging materials in a timely and low-cost manner from our manufacturers, we will be unable to fulfill our
customers orders in a timely manner, which may cause us to lose revenue and market share or incur higher costs, as well as damage
the value of our brands. 

Currently, almost all of our direct-to-consumer
customer orders are shipped by one third-party provider and almost all of our orders for retail programs are shipped by another third-party
provider. Should these providers be unable to service our needs for even a short duration, our revenue and business could be adversely
affected. Additionally, the cost and time associated with replacing these providers on short notice would add to our costs. Any replacement
fulfillment provider would also require startup time, which could cause us to lose sales and market share. 

11 

Our business also depends on a number of third
parties for Internet access and networking, and we have limited control over these third parties. Should our network connections go down,
our ability to fulfill orders would be delayed. Further, if our websites or call center become unavailable for a noticeable period of
time due to Internet or communication failures, our business could be adversely affected, including harm to our brands and loss of sales. 

Therefore, we are dependent on these third parties.
The services we require from these parties may be disrupted by a number of factors, including the following: 

Labor
disruptions; 

Delivery
problems; 

Financial
condition or results of operations; 

Internal
inefficiencies; 

Equipment
failure; 

Severe
weather; 

Fire; 

Natural
or man-made disasters; and 

With
respect to our food suppliers, shortages of ingredients or United States Department of Agriculture USDA or FDA compliance
issues. 

Further, if a regional or global health epidemic
or pandemic occurs, such as COVID-19, depending upon its location, duration and severity, our business could be severely affected.
A regional or global health epidemic or pandemic might also adversely affect our business by disrupting the operations of our call center,
creating negative popular sentiment among consumers of delivered food, or by disrupting or delaying our third-party providers ability
to, among other things (i) supply the products that we sell, as well as packaging materials, (ii) fulfill segment customer orders and
(iii) provide internet and networking services. 

Our ability to source quality ingredients
and other products is critical to our business, and any disruption to our supply or supply chain could materially adversely affect our
business. 

We depend on frequent deliveries of ingredients
and other products from a variety of local, regional, national and international suppliers, and some of our suppliers may depend on a
variety of other local, regional, national and international suppliers to fulfill the purchase orders we place with them. The availability
of such ingredients and other products at competitive prices depends on many factors beyond our control, including the number and size
of farms, ranches and other suppliers that provide crops, livestock and other raw materials that meet our quality and production standards. 

We rely on our suppliers, and their supply chains,
to meet our quality and production standards and specifications and supply ingredients and other products in a timely and safe manner.
We have developed and implemented a series of measures to ensure the safety and quality of our third party-supplied products, including
using contract specifications, certificates of identity for some products or ingredients, sample testing by suppliers and sensory based
testing. However, no safety and quality measures can eliminate the possibility that suppliers may provide us with defective or out-of-specification
products against which regulators may take action or which may subject us to litigation or require a recall. Suppliers may provide us
with food that is or may be unsafe, food that is below our quality standards or food that is improperly labeled. In addition to a negative
customer experience, we could face possible seizure or recall of our products and the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions if we
incorporate a defective or out-of-specification item into one of our deliveries. 

12 

Changes in food costs and availability could
materially adversely affect our business. 

The future success of our business depends in
part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in food and supply costs and availability. We are susceptible to increases in food
costs as a result of factors beyond our control, such as general economic conditions, market changes, increased competition, general risk
of inflation, exchange rate fluctuations, seasonal fluctuations, shortages or interruptions, weather conditions, changes in global climates,
global demand, food safety concerns, generalized infectious diseases, changes in law or policy, declines in fertile or arable lands, product
recalls and government regulations. In particular, deflation in food prices could reduce the attractiveness of our product offerings relative
to competing products and thus impede our ability to maintain or increase overall sales, while food inflation, particularly periods of
rapid inflation, could reduce our operating margins as there may be a lag between the time of the price increase and the time at which
we are able to increase the price of our product offerings. We generally do not have long-term supply contracts or guaranteed purchase
commitments with our food suppliers, and we do not hedge our commodity risks. In limited circumstances, we may enter into strategic purchasing
commitment contracts with certain suppliers, but many of these contracts are relatively short in duration and may provide only limited
protection from price fluctuations, and the use of these arrangements may limit our ability to benefit from favorable price movements.
As a result, we may not be able to anticipate, react to or mitigate against cost fluctuations which could materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Any increase in the prices of the ingredients
most critical to our recipes, or scarcity of such ingredients, such as vegetables, poultry, beef, pork and seafood, would adversely affect
our operating results. Alternatively, in the event of cost increases or decrease of availability with respect to one or more of our key
ingredients, we may choose to temporarily suspend including such ingredients in our recipes, rather than paying the increased cost for
the ingredients. Any such changes to our available recipes could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

Any failure to adequately store, maintain
and deliver quality perishable foods could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our ability to adequately store, maintain and
deliver quality perishable foods is critical to our business. We store food products, which are highly perishable, in refrigerated fulfillment
centers and ship them to our customers inside boxes that are insulated with thermal or corrugate liners and frozen refrigerants to maintain
appropriate temperatures in transit. Keeping our food products at specific temperatures maintains freshness and enhances food safety.
In the event of extended power outages, natural disasters or other catastrophic occurrences, failures of the refrigeration systems in
our fulfillment centers or third party delivery trucks, failure to use adequate packaging to maintain appropriate temperatures, or other
circumstances both within and beyond our control, our inability to store highly perishable inventory at specific temperatures could result
in significant product inventory losses as well as increased risk of food-borne illnesses and other food safety risks. Improper handling
or storage of food by a customer without any fault by us could result in food-borne illnesses, which could nonetheless result
in negative publicity and harm to our brand and reputation. Further, we contract with third parties to conduct certain fulfillment processes
and operations on our behalf. Any failure by such third party to transport perishable foods within reasonable time could negatively impact
the safety, quality and merchantability of our products and the experience of our customers. The occurrence of any of these risks could
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

13 

Even inadvertent, non-negligent or unknowing
violations of federal, state or local regulatory requirements could expose us to adverse governmental action and materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ),
which governs the shipment of foods in interstate commerce, generally does not distinguish between intentional and unknowing, non-negligent
violations of the law s requirements. Most state and local laws operate similarly. Consequently, almost any deviation from subjective
or objective requirements of the FDCA or state or local law leaves us vulnerable to a variety of civil and criminal penalties. In the
future, we may deploy new equipment, update our facilities or occupy new facilities. These activities require us to adjust our operations
and regulatory compliance systems to meet rapidly changing conditions. Although we have adopted and implemented systems to prevent the
production of unsafe or mislabeled products, any failure of those systems to prevent or anticipate an instance or category of deficiency
could result in significant business interruption and financial losses to us. The occurrence of events that are difficult to prevent completely,
such as the introduction of pathogenic organisms from the outside environment into our facilities, also may result in the failure of our
products to meet legal standards. Under these conditions we could be exposed to civil and criminal regulatory action. 

In some instances, we may be responsible or held
liable for the activities and compliance of our third party vendors and suppliers, despite limited visibility into their operations. Although
we monitor and carefully select our third-party vendors and suppliers, they may fail to adhere to regulatory standards, our safety and
quality standards or labor and employment practices, and we may fail to identify deficiencies or violations on a timely basis or at all.
In addition, a statute in California called the Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 requires us to audit our suppliers with respect
to certain risks related to slavery and human trafficking and to mitigate any such risks in our operations, and any failure to disclose
issues or other non-compliance could subject us to action by the California Attorney General. 

We cannot assure you that we will always be in
full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations or that we will be able to comply with any future laws and regulations. Failure
to comply with these laws and regulations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Packaging, labeling and advertising requirements
are subject to varied interpretation and selective enforcement. 

We operate under a novel business model in which
we source, process, store and package fully prepared meals and ship them directly to consumers. Most FDA requirements for mandatory food
labeling are decades old and were adopted prior to the advent of large-scale, direct-to-consumer food sales and e-commerce platforms.
Consequently, we, like our competitors, must make judgments regarding how best to comply with labeling and packaging regulations and industry
practices not designed with our specific business model in mind. Government regulators may disagree with these judgments, leaving us open
to civil or criminal enforcement action. This could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We are subject to detailed and complex requirements
for how our products may be labeled and advertised, which may also be supplemented by guidance from governmental agencies. Generally speaking,
these requirements divide information into mandatory information that we must present to consumers and voluntary information that we may
present to consumers. Packaging, labeling, disclosure and advertising regulations may describe what mandatory information must be provided
to consumers, where and how that information is to be displayed physically on our materials or elsewhere, the terms, words or phrases
in which it must be disclosed, and the penalties for non-compliance. 

14 

Voluntary statements made by us or by certain
third parties, whether on package labels or labeling, on websites, in print, in radio, on social media channels, or on television, can
be subject to FDA regulation, FTC regulation, USDA regulation, state and local regulation, or any combination of the foregoing. These
statements may be subject to specific requirements, subjective regulatory evaluation, and legal challenges by plaintiffs. FDA, FTC, USDA
and state- and local-level regulations and guidance can be confusing and subject to conflicting interpretations. Guidelines, standards
and market practice for, and consumers understandings of, certain types of voluntary statements, such as those characterizing the
nutritional and other attributes of food products, continue to evolve rapidly, and regulators may attempt to impose civil or criminal
penalties against us if they disagree with our approach to using voluntary statements. Furthermore, in recent years the FDA has increased
enforcement of its regulations with respect to nutritional, health and other claims related to food products, and plaintiffs have commenced
legal actions against a number of companies that market food products positioned as natural or healthy, asserting
false, misleading and deceptive advertising and labeling claims, including claims related to such food being all natural 
or that they lack any genetically modified ingredients. Should we become subject to similar claims or actions, consumers may avoid purchasing
products from us or seek alternatives, even if the basis for the claim is unfounded, and the cost of defending against any such claims
could be significant. The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

Our industries are highly competitive. If
any of our competitors or a new entrant into the market with significant resources has products similar to ours, our business could be
significantly affected. 

Competition is intense in the meal delivery services
industry and the beverage industry and we must remain competitive in the areas of program efficacy, price, taste, customer service and
brand recognition. Some of our competitors are significantly larger than we are and have substantially greater resources. Our business
could be adversely affected if someone with significant resources decided to imitate our services or products. Any increased competition
from new entrants into our segments industry or any increased success by existing competition could result in reductions in our
sales or prices, or both, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

If we do not continue to receive referrals
from existing customers, our customer acquisition cost may increase. 

We rely on word-of-mouth advertising for a portion
of our customers. If our brands suffer or the number of customers acquired through referrals drops due to other circumstances, our costs
associated with acquiring new customers and generating revenue will increase, which will, in turn, have an adverse effect on our profitability. 

Changes in customer preferences could negatively
impact our operating results. 

Our programs feature gourmet online meal delivery
service selections, which we believe offer convenience and value to our customers. Our continued success depends, to a large degree,
upon the continued popularity of our programs versus various other food services. Changes in customer tastes and preferences away from
our product offering ready-to-go food, and any failure to provide innovative responses to these changes, may have a materially adverse
impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Our success is also dependent on our food innovation
including maintaining a robust array of food items and improving the quality of existing items. If we do not continually expand our food
items or provide customers with items that are desirable in taste and quality, our business could be adversely impacted. 

The industry in which we operate is subject
to governmental regulation that could increase in severity and hurt results of operations. 

The industry in which we operate is subject to
federal, state and other governmental regulation. Certain federal and state agencies, such as the FTC, regulate and enforce such laws
relating to advertising, disclosures to customers, privacy, customer pricing and billing arrangements and other customer protection matters.
A determination by a federal or state agency, or a court, that any of our practices do not meet existing or new laws or regulations could
result in liability, adverse publicity and restrictions on our business operations. 

15 

Other aspects of the industry in which we operate
are also subject to government regulation. For example, the manufacturing, labeling and distribution of food products are subject to strict
USDA and FDA requirements and food manufacturers are subject to rigorous inspection and other requirements of the USDA and FDA, and companies
operating in foreign markets must comply with those countries requirements for proper labeling, controls on hygiene, food preparation
and other matters. Additionally, remedies available in any potential administrative or regulatory actions may include product recalls
and requiring us to refund amounts paid by all affected customers or pay other damages, which could be substantial. 

Laws and regulations directly applicable to communications,
operations or commerce over the Internet such as those governing intellectual property, privacy, libel and taxation, are becoming more
prevalent and some remain unsettled. If we are required to comply with new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws
or regulations, or if we are unable to comply with these laws, regulations or interpretations, our business could be adversely affected. 

Future laws or regulations, including laws or
regulations affecting our marketing and advertising practices, relations with customers, employees, service providers, or our services
and products, may have an adverse impact on us. 

The sale of ingested products involves product
liability and other risks. 

Like other distributors of products that are ingested,
we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of our products results in illness or injury. The foods that
we resell in the U.S. are subject to laws and regulations, including those administered by the USDA and FDA that establish manufacturing
practices and quality standards for food products. Product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our business as existing
insurance coverage may not be adequate. The successful assertion or settlement of an uninsured claim, a significant number of insured
claims or a claim exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage would harm us by adding costs to the business and by diverting the attention
of senior management from the operation of our business. We may also be subject to claims that our Home Bistro segment products contain
contaminants, are improperly labeled, include inadequate instructions as to use or inadequate warnings covering interactions with other
substances. Product liability litigation, even if not meritorious, is very expensive and could also entail adverse publicity for us and
adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, the products we distribute, or certain components of those products, may be subject
to product recalls or other deficiencies. Any negative publicity associated with these actions would adversely affect our brands and may
result in decreased product sales and, as a result, lower revenue, and profits. 

Disruptions in our data and information
systems could harm our reputation and our ability to run our business. 

We rely extensively on data and information systems
for our supply chain, order processing, fulfillment operations, financial reporting, human resources and various other operations, processes
and transactions. Furthermore, a significant portion of the communications between, and storage of personal data of, our personnel, customers
and suppliers depend on information technology. Our data and information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages,
computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches (including breaches of our transaction processing or other
systems that could result in the compromise of confidential customer data), catastrophic events, data breaches and usage errors by our
employees or third-party service providers. Our data and information technology systems may also fail to perform as we anticipate, and
we may encounter difficulties in adapting these systems to changing technologies or expanding them to meet the future needs of our business.
If our systems are breached, damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them,
suffer interruptions in our operations, incur liability to our customers and others or face costly litigation, and our reputation with
our customers may be harmed. We also rely on third parties for a majority of our data and information systems, including for third party
hosting and payment processing. If these facilities fail, or if they suffer a security breach or interruption or degradation of service,
a significant amount of our data could be lost or compromised and our ability to operate our business and deliver our product offerings
could be materially impaired. In addition, various third parties, such as our suppliers and payment processors, also rely heavily on information
technology systems, and any failure of these systems could also cause loss of sales, transactional or other data and significant interruptions
to our business. Any material interruption in the data and information technology systems we rely on, including the data or information
technology systems of third parties, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

16 

Our business is subject to data security
risks, including security breaches. 

We, or our third-party vendors on our behalf,
collect, process, store and transmit substantial amounts of information, including information about our customers. We take steps to protect
the security and integrity of the information we collect, process, store or transmit, but there is no guarantee that inadvertent or unauthorized
use or disclosure will not occur or that third parties will not gain unauthorized access to this information despite such efforts. Security
breaches, computer malware, computer hacking attacks and other compromises of information security measures have become more prevalent
in the business world and may occur on our systems or those of our vendors in the future. Large Internet companies and websites have from
time to time disclosed sophisticated and targeted attacks on portions of their websites, and an increasing number have reported such attacks
resulting in breaches of their information security. We and our third-party vendors are at risk of suffering from similar attacks and
breaches. Although we take steps to maintain confidential and proprietary information on our information systems, these measures and technology
may not adequately prevent security breaches and we rely on our third-party vendors to take appropriate measures to protect the security
and integrity of the information on those information systems. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or to sabotage
information systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us, we may be unable to anticipate or prevent these
attacks. In addition, a party who is able to illicitly obtain a customer s identification and password credentials may be able to
access the customer s account and certain account data. 

Any actual or suspected security breach or other
compromise of our security measures or those of our third party vendors, whether as a result of hacking efforts, denial-of-service attacks,
viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, social engineering or otherwise, could harm our reputation and business, damage
our brand and make it harder to retain existing customers or acquire new ones, require us to expend significant capital and other resources
to address the breach, and result in a violation of applicable laws, regulations or other legal obligations. Our insurance policies may
not be adequate to reimburse us for direct losses caused by any such security breach or indirect losses due to resulting customer attrition. 

We rely on email and other messaging services
to connect with our existing and potential customers. Our customers may be targeted by parties using fraudulent spoofing and phishing
emails to misappropriate passwords, payment information or other personal information or to introduce viruses through Trojan horse programs
or otherwise through our customers computers, smartphones, tablets or other devices. Despite our efforts to mitigate the effectiveness
of such malicious email campaigns through product improvements, spoofing and phishing may damage our brand and increase our costs. Any
of these events or circumstances could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Failure to establish and maintain effective
internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business and
stock price. 

As a public company, we are required to comply
with the rules of the SEC implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires management to certify financial
and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of controls over
financial reporting. We are required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis and to make
annual assessments of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404. As an emerging growth company, our independent
registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
pursuant to Section 404 until the date we are no longer an emerging growth company. At such time, our independent registered public
accounting firm, and management, may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls
are documented, designed or operating. 

To comply with the requirements of being a public
company, we have undertaken various actions, and may need to take additional actions, such as implementing new internal controls and procedures
and hiring additional accounting or internal audit staff. Testing and maintaining internal control can divert our management s attention
from other matters that are important to the operation of our business. Additionally, when evaluating our internal control over financial
reporting, we may identify material weaknesses that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the applicable deadline imposed upon
us for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. If we identify any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting or are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or assert that our internal control over
financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting once we are no longer an emerging growth company, investors may lose confidence in the
accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our Common Stock could be materially adversely affected, and
we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities,
which could require additional financial and management resources. 

17 

Risks Related to an Investment this Offering 

An active trading market for our Common
Stock may not develop and the market price of our Common Stock could be volatile. 

Our Common Stock is currently quoted on the OTCPink,
one of the OTC Markets Group over-the-counter markets. We have applied to list our Common Stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the
symbol HBIS. No assurance can be given that our application will be approved or that, if approved, an active trading market
for our Common Stock will develop or be maintained. If our Common Stock is not approved for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, we will
not complete this offering. Even if our Common Stock is approved for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, an active trading market for
our Common Stock may not develop or be sustained. In the absence of an active trading market for our Common Stock, the ability of our
stockholders to sell their Common Stock could be limited.The trading market for our Common Stock in the future could be subject to wide
fluctuations in response to several factors, including, but not limited to: 

actual
or anticipated variations in our results of operations; 

our
ability or inability to generate revenues or profit; 

the
number of shares in our public float; and 

increased
competition. 

Furthermore, our stock price may be impacted by
factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. These market fluctuations, as well as general economic, political
and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rates or international currency fluctuations may adversely affect the market price
of our Common Stock 

Our CEO has significant voting power and
may take actions that may not be in the best interests of our other stockholders. 

Stockholders have limited ability to exercise
control over the Company s daily business affairs and implement changes in its policies because management beneficially owns a majority
of the current shares of Common Stock. As of September 6, 2022, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Zalmi Duchman beneficially
owns approximately 19.7 of the outstanding Common Stock. (See Security Ownership of Management Certain Security Holders ).
As directors and officers of the Company, the Company s management team has a fiduciary duty to the Company and must act in good
faith in the manner it reasonably believes to be in the best interest of its stockholders. As stockholders, the management team is entitled
to vote its shares in its own interest, which may not always be in the best interest of the stockholders. 

If we are not able to comply with the applicable
continued listing requirements or standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market, Nasdaq could delist our Common Stock. 

We have applied to have our Common Stock
listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol HBIS. Although after giving effect to this offering we expect to meet
the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq Listing Standards, we cannot assure you that our Common Stock will be, or
will continue to be, listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market in the future. In order to maintain that listing, we must satisfy minimum financial
and other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements,
minimum stockholders equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. We may not be able to comply with
the applicable listing standards and Nasdaq could delist our Common Stock as a result. 

We cannot assure you that our Common Stock, if
delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market, will be listed on another national securities exchange. If our Common Stock is delisted by The
Nasdaq Capital Market, our Common Stock would likely trade on the OTCQB where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our Common
Stock or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our Common Stock. 

(i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment
of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and
dated copy of a written suitability statement. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to
the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our Common Stock and cause a decline
in the market value of our stock. 

18 

Our Common Stock prices may be volatile
which could cause the value of an investment in our Common Stock to decline. 

The market price of our Common Stock may be highly
volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. Our financial performance, government regulatory action, tax laws, interest rates and market
conditions in general could have a significant impact on the future market price of our Common Stock. The public price of our Common Stock
may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to the risk factors described in this prospectus and others beyond our control, including: 

the
number of shares of our Common Stock publicly owned and available for trading 

actual
or anticipated quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors; 

our
actual or anticipated operating performance and the operating performance of similar companies in our industry; 

our
announcements or our competitors announcements regarding, significant contracts, acquisitions, or strategic investments; 

general
economic conditions and their impact on the food and beverage markets 

the
overall performance of the equity markets; 

threatened
or actual litigation; 

changes
in laws or regulations relating to our industry; 

any
major change in our board of directors or management; 

publication
of research reports about us or our industry or changes in recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts 
and 

sales
or expected sales of shares of our Common Stock by us, and our officers, directors, and significant stockholders. 

In addition, the stock market in general has experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies.
Securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and
in the market price of a company s securities. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in very substantial costs,
divert our management s attention and resources and harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Because we are a smaller reporting
company, we will not be required to comply with certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies,
and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies will make our Common Stock less
attractive to investors. 

We are a smaller reporting company, 
as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. As a smaller reporting company, we are eligible for exemptions from various reporting requirements
applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies, including, but not limited to: 

Reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; 

Not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and 

Reduced
disclosure obligations for our annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and registration statements. 

We will remain a smaller reporting company until
the end of the fiscal year in which (1) we have a public common equity float of more than 250 million, or (2) we have annual revenues
for the most recently completed fiscal year of more than 100 million plus we have any public common equity float or public float of more
than 700 million. We also would not be eligible for status as smaller reporting company if we become an investment company, an asset-backed
issuer or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company. 

We do not expect to pay any cash dividends
to the holders of the Common Stock in the foreseeable future and the availability and timing of future cash dividends, if any, is uncertain. 

We expect to use cash flow from future operations
to support the growth of our business and do not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future.
Our board of directors will determine the amount and timing of stockholder dividends, if any, that we may pay in future periods. In making
this determination, our directors will consider all relevant factors, including the amount of cash available for dividends, capital expenditures,
covenants, prohibitions or limitations with respect to dividends, applicable law, general operational requirements and other variables.
We cannot predict the amount or timing of any future dividends you may receive, and if we do commence the payment of dividends, we may
be unable to pay, maintain or increase dividends over time. Therefore, you may not be able to realize any return on your investment in
our Common Stock for an extended period of time, if at all. 

19 

Future sales of our Common Stock, or the
perception that such sales may occur, may depress our share price, and any additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible
securities may dilute your ownership in us. 

We may in the future issue our previously authorized
and unissued securities. We are authorized to issue 1,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock with
such designations, preferences and rights as determined by our board of directors. The potential issuance of such additional shares of
Common Stock will result in the dilution of the ownership interests of the holders of our Common Stock and may create downward pressure
on the trading price, if any, of our Common Stock. 

The exercise, conversion or exchange of convertible
securities, including for other securities, will dilute the percentage ownership of our stockholders. The dilutive effect of the exercise
or conversion of these securities may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional capital. The holders of these securities may be
expected to exercise or convert such securities at a time when we would be able to obtain additional equity capital on terms more favorable
than such securities or when our Common Stock is trading at a price higher than the exercise or conversion price of the securities. The
exercise or conversion of outstanding securities will have a dilutive effect on the securities held by our stockholders. We have in the
past, and may in the future, exchange outstanding securities for other securities on terms that are dilutive to the securities held by
other stockholders not participating in such exchange. 

We may issue preferred stock whose terms
could adversely affect the voting power or value of our Common Stock. 

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us
to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, preferences,
limitations, and relative rights, including preferences over our Common Stock with respect to dividends and distributions, as our board
of directors may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could adversely impact the voting power or value
of our Common Stock. For example, we might grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events
or on the happening of specified events, or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or
liquidation preferences we might grant to holders of preferred stock could affect the value of the Common Stock. 

We will continue to incur increased costs
as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 

As a public company, we incur significant legal,
accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and rules subsequently
implemented by the SEC, impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure
and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these
compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some
activities more time-consuming and costly, particularly after we are no longer a smaller reporting company. For example, we expect
that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. 

Pursuant to Section 404, we will be required to
furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting, including an attestation report on internal control
over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. To achieve compliance with Section 404 within the
prescribed period, we will be engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which is both
costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants
and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve
control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting
and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that neither we nor our independent
registered public accounting firm will be able to conclude within the prescribed timeframe that our internal control over financial reporting
is effective as required by Section 404. This could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence
in the reliability of our financial statements. 

We will continue to incur significant costs
in staying current with reporting requirements. Our management will be required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives.
Additionally, the lack of an internal audit group may result in material misstatements to our financial statements and ability to provide
accurate financial information to our stockholders. 

Our management and other personnel will need to
devote a substantial amount of time to compliance initiatives to maintain reporting status. Moreover, these rules and regulations, which
are necessary to remain as a public reporting company, will be costly because external third-party consultant(s), attorneys, or other
firms may have to assist us in following the applicable rules and regulations for each filing on behalf of the Company. 

20 

We currently do not have an internal audit group,
and we may eventually need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical
accounting knowledge to have effective internal controls for financial reporting. Additionally, due to the fact that our officers and
directors have limited experience as an officer or director of a reporting company, such lack of experience may impair our ability to
maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, which may result in material misstatements
to our financial statements and an inability to provide accurate financial information to our stockholders. 

Moreover, if we are not able to comply with the
requirements or regulations as a public reporting company in any regard, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC
or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 

Many of our officers and directors lack
significant experience in, and with, the reporting and disclosure obligations of publicly traded companies in the United States. 

Many of our officers and directors lack significant
experience in, and with the reporting and disclosure obligations of publicly-traded companies, and with serving as an officer and or director
of a publicly traded company. This lack of experience may impair our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting
and disclosure controls and procedures, which may result in material misstatements to our financial statements and an inability to provide
accurate financial information to our stockholders. Consequently, our operations, future earnings and ultimate financial success could
suffer irreparable harm due to our officers and director s ultimate lack of experience in our industry and with publicly
traded companies and their reporting requirements in general. 

The subscription agreement for the purchase
of Common Stock from the Company contains an exclusive forum provision, which will limit investors ability to litigate any issue
that arises in connection with the offering anywhere other than the Federal courts in Nevada. 

The subscription agreement states that it shall
be governed by the local law of the State of Nevada and the United States, and the parties consent to the exclusive forum of the Federal
courts in Nevada for any action deriving from the subscription agreement itself or under the Securities Act of 133 or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. They will not have the benefit of bringing a lawsuit in a more favorable jurisdiction or under more favorable law than the
local law of the State of Nevada for matters not addressed by the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act. Moreover, we cannot provide
any certainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision. In addition, you cannot waive compliance with the federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state
courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
The combination of both potentially unfavorable forum and the lack of certainty regarding enforceability poses a risk regarding litigation
related to the subscription to this Offering and should be considered by each investor before signing the subscription agreement. 

Risks Relating to the Internet 

We are dependent on our telephone, Internet
and management information systems for the sales and distribution of our potential products. 

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to
provide prompt, accurate and complete service to our customers on a competitive basis and our ability to purchase and promote products,
manage inventory, ship products, manage sales and marketing activities and maintain efficient operations through our telephone and proprietary
management information system. A significant disruption in our telephone, Internet or management information systems could harm our relations
with our customers and the ability to manage our operations. We can offer no assurance that our back-up systems will be sufficient to
prevent an interruption in our operations in the event of disruption in our management information systems, and an extended disruption
in the management information systems could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

21 

Online security breaches could harm our
business. 

The secure transmission of confidential information
over the Internet is essential to maintain consumer confidence in our website. Substantial or ongoing security breaches of our system
or other Internet-based systems could significantly harm our business. Any penetration of our network security or other misappropriation
of our users personal information could subject us to liability. We may be liable for claims based on unauthorized purchases with
credit card information, fraud, or misuse of personal information, such as for unauthorized marketing purposes. These claims could result
in litigation and financial liability. We rely on licensed encryption and authentication technology to effect secure transmission of confidential
information, including credit card numbers. It is possible that advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries or other developments
could result in a compromise or breach of the technology we use to protect customer transaction data. We may incur substantial expense
to protect against and remedy security breaches and their consequences. A party that is able to circumvent our security systems could
steal proprietary information or cause interruptions in our operations. We cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent security
breaches. Any breach resulting in misappropriation of confidential information would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Government regulation and legal uncertainties
relating to the Internet and online commerce could negatively impact our business operations. 

Online commerce is rapidly changing, and federal
and state regulation relating to the Internet and online commerce is evolving. The U.S. Congress has enacted Internet laws regarding online
privacy, copyrights and taxation. Due to the increasing popularity of the Internet, it is possible that additional laws and regulations
may be enacted with respect to the Internet, covering issues such as user privacy, pricing, taxation, content, copyrights, distribution,
antitrust and quality of products and services. The adoption or modification of laws or regulations applicable to the Internet could harm
our business operations. 

Changing technology could adversely affect
the operation of our website. 

The Internet, online commerce and online advertising
markets are characterized by rapidly changing technologies, evolving industry standards, frequent new product and service introductions
and changing customer preferences. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies and address
its customers changing preferences. However, we may experience difficulties that delay or prevent us from being able to do so. 

Risks Related to our Indebtedness 

We have debt which could adversely affect
our ability to raise additional capital to fund operations and prevent us from meeting our obligations under outstanding indebtedness. 

As of October 31, 2021, our total indebtedness was
 3,273,966, including total net convertible debt of 580,810, net of 510,438 discount, total advances payable of 101,945 and total notes
payable of 306,900. As of October 31, 2021, 2,690,855 and 583,111 of such debt is classified as current and long-term debt, respectively.
This debt could have important consequences, including the following: (i) a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations may be
dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available for operations, future business
opportunities and capital expenditures; (ii) our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, debt service requirements
and general corporate purposes in the future may be limited; (iii) we may face a competitive disadvantage to lesser leveraged competitors;
(iv) our debt service requirements could make it more difficult to satisfy other financial obligations; and (v) we may be vulnerable in
a downturn in general economic conditions or in our business and we may be unable to carry out activities that are important to our growth. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments of the
principal of, or to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness depends on and is subject to our financial and operating
performance, which in turn is affected by general and regional economic, financial, competitive, business and other factors beyond management s
control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs, we will need to restructure
or refinance all or a portion of our debt, which could impair our liquidity. Any refinancing of indebtedness, if available at all,
could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants that could further restrict our business operations.
Despite our significant amount of indebtedness, we may need to incur significant additional amounts of debt, which could further
exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial debt. 

22 

PART II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our common stock is currently approved for quotation
on the OTC Pink Markets maintained by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. under the symbol HBISD . The table
below sets forth the high and low closing price per share of our common stock for each quarter during 2020 and 2021. These prices represent
inter-dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year 2022 

First Quarter ended January 31, 2022 
 1.40 
 0.76 
 
 Second Quarter ended April 30, 2022 
 1.18 
 0.23 
 
 Third Quarter ended July 31, 2022 
 0.65 
 0.13 

Transition Period 2021 

First Quarter ended March 31, 2021 
 2.00 
 0.35 
 
 Second Quarter ended June 30, 2021 
 1.20 
 0.56 
 
 Third Quarter ended September 30, 2021 
 1.98 
 0.75 
 
 Fourth Quarter Ended October 31, 2021 (one month) 
 1.58 
 1.15 

Fiscal Year 2020 

First Quarter ended March 31, 2020 
 0.88 
 0.19 
 
 Second Quarter ended June 30, 2020 
 6.01 
 0.20 
 
 Third Quarter ended September 30, 2020 
 3.00 
 0.77 
 
 Fourth Quarter Ended December 31, 2020 
 1.52 
 0.76 

Holders 

As of May 5, 2020, there were approximately 113
holders of record of our common stock. The Company is currently working with its transfer agent to reflect the issuance of the Company s
shares of Common Stock to the legacy Home Bistro shareholders in accordance with the Merger Agreement. 

Dividends 

We have not declared cash dividends on our common
stock since our inception and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our current policy is to retain
earnings, if any, for use in our operations and in the development of our business. Our future dividend policy will be determined from
time to time by our board of directors. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except for provided below, all unregistered sales
of our securities during the year ended December 31, 2019, were previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

The shares of common stock referenced herein were
issued in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by the provisions of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended Securities Act ). 

Authorized Capital Stock 

The authorized capital of the Company consists
of 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

Common Stock 

The holders of common stock are entitled to one
vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the election of directors. There is no right to cumulate
votes in the election of directors. The holders of common stock are entitled to any dividends that may be declared by the board of directors
out of funds legally available for payment of dividends subject to the prior rights of holders of preferred stock and any contractual
restrictions we have against the payment of dividends on common stock. In the event of our liquidation or dissolution, holders of common
stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any outstanding
shares of preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights and have no right to convert their common stock
into any other securities. 

23 

Preferred Stock 

On March 19, 2018, the Company designated 520,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of Common
Stock with a stated value of 10 per share of Series A Preferred Stock and conversion price of 0.10 per share, subject to adjustment
in the event of stock split, stock dividends, and recapitalization or otherwise, and was adjusted down to 0.04 on May 14, 2019 due to
a trigger event that occurred. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall not possess any voting rights. The Series A Preferred
Stock does not contain any redemption provision. The Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive in cash out of assets of the Company
before any amounts shall be paid to the holders of any of shares of junior stock, an amount equal to the stated value plus any accrued
and unpaid dividends thereon and any other fees due and owing. 

On March 19, 2018, the Company designated 500,000
shares of Series B Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of Common
Stock with a stated value of 10 per share of Series B Preferred Stock and conversion price of 0.10 per share, subject to adjustment
in the event of stock split, stock dividends, and recapitalizations or otherwise, and was adjusted down to 0.04 on May 14, 2019 due to
a trigger event that occurred. The Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive in cash out of assets of the Company before any amounts
shall be paid to the holders of any of shares of junior stock, an amount equal to the Stated Value plus any accrued and unpaid dividends
thereon and any other fees due and owing. Holders of Series B Preferred Shares voting as a single class, in the aggregate, are entitled
to vote with all voting securities of the Company on all matters submitted to the holders of voting securities for vote with the holders
of the Series B Preferred Shares entitling the holder thereof to cast that number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock
issued and outstanding eligible to vote, at the time of the respective vote plus the number of votes which all other series, or classes
of securities are entitled to cast together with the holders of Common Stock at the time of the relevant vote plus one additional share
of Common Stock. Solely with respect to matters of the Company s capitalization and similar matters upon which stockholders are
entitled to vote or to which stockholders are entitled to give consent, the holders of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock
shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock without regard to class, except as to those matters on which separate class voting
is required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws. 

On August 1, 2018, the Company designated 1,000
shares of Series C Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the
Company s common stock with a stated value of 200 per share of Series C Preferred Stock and conversion price of 0.05 per share,
subject to adjustment in the event of stock split, stock dividends, subsequent equity sales with lower effective price, and recapitalization
or otherwise, and was adjusted down to 0.04 on May 14, 2019 due to a trigger event that occurred, . The Series C Preferred Stock votes
with the common stock on a fully as converted basis. The Series C Preferred Stock does not contain any redemption provision. The Series
C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive in cash out of assets of the Company before any amounts shall be paid to the holders of any
of shares of junior stock, an amount equal to the stated value plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon and any other fees due and
owing. In October 2018, the Board of Directors of the Company approved and authorized an amendment to increase the number of designated
authorized shares of the Series C preferred stock from 1,000 to 2,500 shares. 

The Down Round feature embedded
in all series of preferred stock was triggered on May 14, 2019 when the conversion price of a convertible note payable was issued at 0.04. 

As set forth above, prior to the effective time
of the Merger, the Company and certain of its existing securityholders entered into an Exchange Agreement providing for, among other things,
the exchange, also referred to herein as the Exchange , of securities held by such securityholders for shares of Common Stock,
as more fully detailed therein. As a result of the Exchange, all of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock, Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, stock options and convertible notes payable were converted into an aggregate of
172,377,500 shares of Common Stock on a fully diluted basis, consisting of 56,831,789 shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase
up to 115,545,711 shares of Common Stock. The 250,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding on the date
of the Merger Agreement remain issued and outstanding and the other 250,000 shares of Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock owned by a former officer were cancelled on April 9, 2020 pursuant to a General Release Agreement . 

24 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not applicable as we are a smaller reporting company. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Overview 

The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada
on December 17, 2009. Effective March 23, 2018, the Company changed its name to Gratitude Health, Inc. from Vapir Enterprises Inc. Effective
September 14, 2019, the Company changed its name to Home Bistro, Inc. from Gratitude Health, Inc. 

On April 20, 2020, the Company, Fresh Market Merger
Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a newly created wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and Home Bistro,
Inc., a privately-held Delaware corporation engaged in the food preparation and home-delivery business (presently known as Home Bistro
Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation) Home Bistro Holdings ), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger
Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub agreed to merge with and into Home Bistro Holdings, with Home Bistro
Holdings becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the surviving corporation in the merger (the Merger ). Pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Home Bistro Holdings filed a Certificate of Merger with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 20,
2020. 

The Merger constituted a change of control and
the majority of the Board of Directors changed with the consummation of the Merger. The Company issued to Home Bistro Holdings stockholders
shares of Common Stock and stock warrants which represented approximately 80 of the combined company on a fully converted basis after
the closing of the Merger. As a result of the above transactions and the Company s intent to dispose or divest the assets and
liabilities associated with the RTD Business, in the subsequent period, this transaction was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization
effected by a share exchange of Home Bistro Holdings. 

On September 14, 2020, the Company changed its
name from Gratitude Health, Inc. to Home Bistro, Inc. On September 25, 2020, the Company entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement pursuant to which it sold all of the Company s business, assets
and properties used, or held or developed for use, in its functional RTD Business, and the buyer agreed to assume certain debts, obligations
and liabilities related to the RTD Business (the Divestiture ). 

Prior to the Merger, the Company was solely engaged
in manufacturing, selling and marketing functional RTD Business sold under the Company s trademarks. Following the Merger and prior
to the Divestiture, the Company provided high quality, direct-to-consumer, ready-made meals at www.homebistro.com, and restaurant quality
meats and seafood through its Colorado Prime brand. Following the Divestiture, this became the sole business of the Company.. 

On January 19, 2021 Effective Date ),
the Company and Spicy Mango Foodies LLC (f/s/o Chef Priyanka Naik CPN )) (collectively as Parties ), entered
into a Joint Product Development and Distribution Agreement (the Development Agreement ). Pursuant to the Development Agreement,
the Parties shall collaboratively develop a brand of meals, marketed and sold utilizing the Property CPN Meals jointly
with the Home Bistro label, under the terms and conditions of the Development Agreement. The Development Agreement shall remain in effect
from the Effective Date until the last day of the month that is two-year from the Effective Date Term ). The first twelve-month
anniversary of the Development Agreement shall be deemed Year One . The Company shall only distribute the CPN Meals within
the Term and any Renewal Term (defined below), as mutually agreed. The Company agrees that following the Term, the Company shall use
best efforts to cease the distribution of all CPN Meals. For the use of Spicy Mango Foodies, LLC SMF and all associated
intellectual property for the benefit of the CPN Meals, the Company shall pay to SMF the following: (i) 10 of all Net Revenue generated
from the sale of CPN Meals SMF Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue shall be defined
as gross sales generated on CPN Meals less discounts and returns. The SMF Royalty generated during each calendar month in which an agreement
is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the SMF Royalty was earned
and; (ii) 10 of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand orders in which a SMF Dedicated Code was
used at the time of purchase SMF Commission and all sales derived from that account thereafter. The SMF Commission generated
during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the
following month in which the SMF Commission was earned. 

25 

On July 6, 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger with Model Meals, acquiring Model Meals through a reverse triangular merger, whereby Model Meals merged with Model
Meals Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, with Model Meals being the surviving entity (the Acquisition ).
As a result, Model Meals became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and the members of Model Meals received and aggregate of 2,008,310
shares of Common Stock and 60,000 in cash. Pursuant to the Acquisition, the Company issued 2,008,310 shares of Common Stock with fair
value of 2,028,393. The shares were subject to a 24-month Lockup and Leak-Out Agreement and were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act. 

On June 24, 2021, the Company entered into a licensing
agreement License Agreement with a celebrity chef and majority member interest holder of Homemade Meals, LLC, an inactive
entity. As a condition to finalizing the License Agreement, the Company also executed a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the Member
Agreement and issued an aggregate of 2,266,666 shares of Common Stock with a fair value of 2,969,334 to members of Homemade Meals,
LLC Homemade Meals on October 25, 2021 to terminate an exclusivity and non-compete agreement the celebrity chef had with
Homemade Meals. The Company issued the celebrity chef 2,000,000 shares of Company s Common Stock with a fair value of 2,620,000.
The Company s primary reason for acquiring the membership interests in Homemade Meals was to terminate the exclusivity and non-compete
agreement between the celebrity chef and Homemade Meals, thereby enabling the celebrity chef to execute the License Agreement with the
Company. At the time of execution of the Member Agreement, Homemade Meals held no significant assets and had no business operations. The
Company recorded the shares given to the celebrity chef and the members of Homemade Meals as two separate transactions. 

On February 22, 2022 Effective Date ),
the Company and Mini Melanie, LLC (f/s/o Chef Melanie Moss MM )) (collectively as Parties ), entered into a
Joint Product Development and Distribution Agreement Development Agreement ).Pursuant to the Development Agreement, the
Parties shall collaboratively develop a brand of desserts Moss Deserts jointly with the Home Bistro label, under the terms
and conditions of the Development Agreement. The Development Agreement shall remain in effect from the Effective Date until the last day
of the month that is one-year from the Effective Date. For the use of MM and all associated intellectual property for the benefit of the
Moss Deserts, the Company shall pay to MM 5 of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Moss Deserts MM Royalty ). For
the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue shall be defined as gross sales generated on Moss Deserts less discounts and returns.
The MM Royalty generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business
day of the following month in which the MM Royalty was earned. 

On March 25, 2022, the Company s Board of
Directors Board appointed Camille May as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Ms. May, 34, joined the Company in October
2021 in connection with the acquisition of Model Meals LLC. She was a co-founder and chief financial officer of Model Meals since January
2015. In connection with the appointment, the Board approved an employment agreement with Ms. May, which provides for an annual salary
of 120,000, a grant of five year warrants to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 0.001 per
share, a performance-based bonus of up to 45,000 in cash and up to 100,000 shares of common stock upon attainment of certain performance
targets specified therein, and weekly meal packages of up to 16 meals at no cost. The employment agreement has a two-year initial term
and provides that her employment may only be terminated by the Company for cause. 

26 

Results of Operations 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended July
31, 2022 and 2021 

Product Sales 

During the three months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, product sales were 619,187 and 408,821, respectively, an increase of 210,366 or 51.5 . 

During the nine months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, product sales were 2,164,248 and 1,135,872, respectively, an increase of 1,028,376 or 90.5 . 

Cost of Sales 

The primary components of cost of sales are raw
materials and direct kitchen labor, shipping and handling costs, packaging costs, and with the introduction of the Company s celebrity
chef program in the fourth quarter of 2020, it now incurs associated royalty fees. During the three months ended July 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had total cost of sales of 707,346 and 371,118, respectively, an increase of 336,228, or 90.6 . The increase was due to
an increase in direct kitchen labor, royalty fees and packaging expenses. 

During the nine months ended July 31 2022 and
2021, the Company had total cost of sales of 2,069,942 and 951,440, respectively, an increase of 1,118,502, or 117.6 . The increase
was due to an increase in direct kitchen labor, royalty fees and packaging expenses. 

Operating Expenses 

For the three and nine Months Ended July 31, 2022
and 2021, operating expenses consisted of the following: 

Three Months Ended July 31, 
 Nine Months Ended July 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Compensation and related expenses 
 273,348 
 111,406 
 1,265,025 
 277,228 
 
 Professional and consulting expenses 
 371,451 
 756,886 
 3,439,253 
 1,279,609 
 
 Professional and consulting expenses related party 
 57,500 
 - 
 117,500 
 - 
 
 Product development expense 
 99,063 
 - 
 370,677 
 - 
 
 Selling and marketing expenses 
 368,344 
 96,732 
 956,413 
 307,980 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 394,032 
 108,779 
 1,229,076 
 262,523 
 
 Settlement expense 
 365,140 
 - 
 365,140 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1,928,878 
 1,073,803 
 7,743,084 
 2,127,340 

Compensation and Related Expenses 

During the three months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, compensation and related expenses amounted to 273,348 and 111,406, respectively, an increase of 161,942 or 145.4 . The increase
was primarily attributable to an increase in executive salary in 2022. 

During the nine months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, compensation and related expenses amounted to 1,265,025 and 277,228, respectively, an increase of 987,797 or 356.3 . The increase
was primarily attributable to an increase of 349,810 stock-based compensation and increase in executive salary in 2022. 

27 

Professional and Consulting Expenses: 

During the three months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, professional and consulting expenses amounted to 371,451 and 756,886, respectively, a decrease of 385,435 or 50.9 . The decrease
was primarily due an decreased stock-based compensation of 450,000, a decrease in accounting fees of 1,635, and a decrease in investor
relations fee of 124,632, offset by an increase in consulting fees of 18,922, an increase in filing fees of 21,266 and an increase
in legal fees of 150,644. 

During the nine months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, professional and consulting expenses amounted to 3,439,253 and 1,279,609, respectively, an increase of 2,159,644 or 168.8 . The
increase was primarily due an increase in stock-based compensation of 1,643,591 related to common stock issued for lock up and leak out
agreements and Common Stock issued for services and prepaid services, an increase in consulting fees of 121,284, an increase in accounting
fees of 128,380, an increase in legal fees of 265,760, and an increase of filing fees of 35,803, offset by a decrease in investor relations
fee of 35,174. 

Professional and Consulting Expenses 
Related Party: 

During the three and nine months ended July 31,
2022, professional and consulting expenses for related parties amounted to 57,500 and 117,500, respectively. We did not incur professional
and consulting expenses for related parties during the 2021 periods. We entered into a consulting agreement with a related party, dated
October 1, 2021 which provides for 10,000 monthly consulting fee. Additionally, on May 1, 2022, the Company issued as consideration to
a related party stockholder 25,000 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 27,500, or 1.10 per share, based on the market
price of common stock on grant date, for the stockholder s execution of a Lock-Up Leak Out Agreement. In connection with this
issuance, on May 1, 2022, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of 27,500. 

Product Development Expenses 

During the three months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, product development expenses amounted to 99,063 and 0, respectively, an increase of 99,063, or 100 . The product development
expense in the 2022 period was primarily due to the amortization of the deferred compensation resulting from common stock issued in connection
with the product development agreements. 

During the nine months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, product development expenses amounted to 370,677 and 0, respectively, an increase of 370,677, or 100 . The product development
expense in the 2022 period was primarily due to the amortization of the deferred compensation resulting from common stock issued in connection
with the product development agreements. 

Selling and Marketing Expenses 

During the three months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, selling and marketing expenses amounted to 368,344 and 96,732, respectively, an increase of 271,612, or 280.8 . The increase
was primarily due to the expansion of our multi-channel digital marketing strategy to further promote our celebrity chef program. 

During the nine months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, selling and marketing expenses amounted to 956,413 and 307,980, respectively, an increase of 648,433, or 210.5 . The increase
was primarily due to the expansion of our multi-channel digital marketing strategy to further promote our celebrity chef program in and
acquisition of Model Meals in July 2021. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

During the three months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, general and administrative expenses amounted to 394,032 and 108,779, respectively, an increase of 285,253, or 262.2 . The increase
was primarily due to an increase in depreciation and amortization expense of 245,899 and an increase in kitchen related expenses of 39,354. 

During the nine months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, general and administrative expenses amounted to 1,229,076 and 262,523, respectively, an increase of 966,553, or 368.2 . The increase
was primarily due to an increase in depreciation and amortization expense of 755,813 primarily related to the amortization of intangible
assets acquired in July 2021, an increase in kitchen related expenses of 12,135, an increase in rent of 79,469, an increase in utilities
of 25,054, an increase in travel expenses of 26,500 and a net increase in other general and administrative expenses of 67,582. 

28 

Settlement Expenses 

During the three and nine months ended July 31,
2022, settlement expenses amounted to 365,140. We did not incur settlement expenses during the 2021 periods. On June 30, 2022, pursuant
to a stock repurchase and settlement agreement and a lock-up and settlement agreement, the Company issued an aggregate of 585,000 shares
of its common stock with grant date fair value of 169,650, or 0.29 per share, based on the market price of common stock on grant date,
for the stockholders execution of a Lock-Up Leak Out Agreement. In connection with these agreements, the Company recorded
settlement expense of 185,344. 

In addition, on June 30, 2022, in connection with
a lock-up and leak out settlement agreement, the Company issued 674,100 shares of its common stock in connection with the cashless exercise
of 674,100 warrants and no cash consideration. The 674,100 warrants had grant date fair value of 194,490 or 0.29 per share based on
the market price of common stock on grant date. In connection with this cashless exercise of warrants, the Company recorded settlement
expenses of 194,490. 

Loss from Operations 

During the three months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, loss from operations amounted to 2,017,037 and 1,036,100, respectively, an increase of 980,937, or 94.7 . The increase was due
to the changes discussed above. 

During the twelve months ended October 31, 2022
and 2021, loss from operations amounted to 7,648,778 and 1,942,908, respectively, an increase of 5,705,870, or 293.7 . The increase
was due to the changes discussed above. 

Other Income (Expense), net 

During the three months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, other expense, net amounted to 270,638 and 341,325, respectively, a decrease of 70,687, or 20.7 . The change was primarily due
to a decrease in interest expense of 178,101 resulting from a decrease in average outstanding convertible notes in 2022, offset by a
decrease in gain from change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 92,660 and offset by a decrease in gain on extinguishment of
accounts payable of 14,754. 

During the twelve months ended October 31, 2022
and 2021, other expense, net amounted to 588,716 and 596,642, respectively, a decrease of 7,926, or 1.3 . The change was primarily
due to a decrease in interest expense of 263,957 resulting from a decrease in average outstanding convertible notes in 2022, offset by
a decrease in gain from change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 207,573, a decrease in gain on extinguishment of accounts payable
of 14,754 and a decrease in gain on extinguishment of debt of 33,704. 

Net Loss 

During the three months ended July 31, 2022 and
2021, we had a net loss of 2,287,675 and 1,377,425, respectively, an increase of 910,250, or 66.1 . The increase was due to the changes
discussed above. For the three months ended July 31, 2022 and 2021, net loss attributable to common shareholders, which included a deemed
dividend related to the cashless exercise and settlement of warrants of 2,578,446 and 0, amounted to 4,866,121, or (0.12) per basic
and diluted common share, and (1,377,425), or (0.06) per basic and diluted common share, respectively. 

During the twelve months ended October 31, 2022
and 2021, we had a net loss of 8,237,494 and 2,539,550, respectively, an increase of 5,697,944, or 224.4 . The increase was due to
the changes discussed above. For the nine months ended July 31, 2022 and 2021, net loss attributable to common shareholders, which included
a deemed dividend related to the cashless exercise and settlement of warrants of 2,578,446 and 0, amounted to 10,815,940, or (0.28)
per basic and diluted common share, and 2,539,550, or (0.12) per basic and diluted common share, respectively. 

29 

For the Ten Months Ended October 31, 2021
and Ten Months Ended October 31, 2020 (Unaudited) 

Product Sales 

During the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and
2020, revenues amounted to 1,644,208 and 1,083,212, respectively, an increase of 560,966 or 52 . The increase primarily resulted from
the acquisition of Model Meals in July 2021 and introduction of the Company s celebrity chef program in December 2020. 

Cost of Sales 

Since the Company implemented its own kitchen
operations in July 2020, its primary components of cost of sales are raw materials and direct kitchen labor and, with the introduction
of the Company s celebrity chef program in December 2020, it now incurs associated royalty fees. 

During the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and
2020, the Company had total cost of sales of 1,447,901 and 678,574, respectively, an increase of 769,327 or 113 . The increase was
due to the Company s decision to conduct a trial test of free shipping and increase in direct kitchen labor. With the completion
of the test, the Company is assessing its results. The primary increase in 2021 was due to increase in royalty fees of 144,767 of associated
with the Company s celebrity chef program and increase in kitchen expense of 203,965. 

Operating Expenses 

For the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and
ten months ended October 31, 2020 (unaudited), operating expenses consisted of the following: 

Ten Months Ended October 31, 

2021 
 2020 

(Unaudited) 
 
 Compensation and related expenses 
 3,338,022 
 506,184 
 
 Professional and consulting expenses 
 2,979,610 
 403,652 
 
 Professional and consulting expenses related party 
 1,366,507 

Product development expense 
 3,036,286 
 360,000 
 
 Selling and marketing expenses 
 835,723 
 161,859 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 527,818 
 153,720 
 
 Total 
 12,083,966 
 1,585,415 

Compensation and related expenses: 

During the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and
2020, compensation and related expenses amounted to 3,338,022 and 506,184, respectively, an increase of 2,831,838 or 559 . The increase
was primarily attributable to an increase in employee stock-based compensation in 2021 of 2,555,548, increase in compensation of 205,151
related to Model Meals which was acquired in July 2021 and increase in compensation related expenses of 71,140. 

Professional and consulting expenses: 

During the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and
2020, professional and consulting expenses amounted to 2,979,610 and 403,652, respectively, an increase of 2,575,958 or 638 . The increase
was primarily due to increases in stock-based compensation to consultants of 1,738,490, increase in consulting fee of 207,208, increase
in accounting fees of 73,714, increase in public relations fee of 703,836, offset by a decrease in legal fees of 147,289. 

Professional and consulting expenses 
related party: 

During the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and
2020, professional and consulting expenses related party amounted to 1,366,507 and 0, respectively, an increase of 1,366,507
or 100 . In October 2021, the Company and Michael Novielli through Dutchess Capital Partners, LLC, entered into a consulting agreement.
Michael Novielli currently serves as a member of the Board. Pursuant to the consulting agreement, Dutchess Capital received warrants with
a grant date fair value of 1,356,507 for past services provided and will receive and monthly consulting fee of 10,000. 

30 

Product development expense: 

During the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and
2020, product development expenses amounted to 3,036,286 and 360,000, respectively, an increase of 2,676,286 or 743 . The increase
was primarily due to stock-based compensation of 69,219 in connection with joint development agreements and shares of Common Stock with
a fair value of 2,969,334 issued as compensation to terminate an exclusivity and non-compete agreement in order to execute a license
agreement with a celebrity chef. 

Selling and marketing expenses: 

During the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and
2020, selling and marketing expenses amounted to 835,723 and 161,859, respectively, an increase of 673,864 or 416 . The increase was
primarily due increase in marketing activities in 2021 related our celebrity chef program in December 2020. 

General and administrative expenses: 

During the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and
2020, general and administrative expenses amounted to 527,818 and 153,720, respectively, an increase of 374,098 or 243 . The increase
was primarily due to an increase in rent for a kitchen facility of 125,737, increase in other kitchen expense of 17,866, increase in
depreciation and amortization expense of 122,192, increase in transfer agent fees of 37,639, increase in travel expense of 68,260. 

Operating Loss from Continuing Operations 

During the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and
2020, operating loss from continuing operations amounted to 11,887,659 and 1,180,777, respectively, an increase of 10,706,882 or 907 .
The increase was due to the changes discussed above. 

Other Income (Expense) 

During the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and
2020, other expense, net 914,616 and 3,783, respectively, an increase of 910,833 or 24,077 . The change was primarily due to increase
interest expense of 1,245,873, increase in gain on change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 289,874, increase in gain on extinguishment
of debt of 26,629, increase in gain on forgiveness of debt of 14,754 off set by a decrease in other income of 5,000 related to a grant
received from the SBA in light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. 

Loss from Continuing Operations 

During the ten months ended October 31, 2021,
we had a loss from continuing operations of 12,802,275 or (0.56) per common share (basic and diluted), compared to a loss from continuing
operations of 1,184,560 or (0.07) per common share (basic and diluted) for the ten months ended October 31, 2021, an increase of 11,617,715
or 981 . The increase was due to the changes discussed above. 

Income from Discontinued Operations 

During the ten months ended October 31, 2021,
we had income from discontinued operations of 0 compared to income from discontinued operations of 38,203 for of the ten months ended
October 31, 2021, a decrease of 38,203 or 100 . The decrease was due to the Merger and disposal of the RTD Business segment in 2020. 

31 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability of an enterprise to generate
adequate amounts of cash to meet its needs for cash requirements. We had a working capital deficit of 2,936,693 and cash of 71,613 as
of July 31, 2022 and a working capital deficit of 318,797 and cash of 2,275,397 as of October 31, 2021. 

July 31, 2022 
 October 31, 2021 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Working capital deficit: 

Total current assets 
 227,729 
 2,372,058 
 (2,144,329 
 90 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 (3,164,422 
 (2,690,855 
 (473,567 
 18 
 
 Working capital deficit: 
 (2,936,693 
 (318,797 
 (2,617,896 
 821 

The increase in working capital deficit was primarily
attributable to a decrease in current assets of 2,144,329 and a decrease in current liabilities of 473,567, due to the use of cash in
operations, the amortization of intangible assets, and a net increase in of convertible notes. 

Cash Flows 

The following table provides detailed information
about our net cash flows as of the nine months ended July 31, 2022 and July 31,2021, and the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and 2020: 

Nine Months Ended July 31, 
 Ten Months Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (3,343,172 
 (1,489,863 
 (2,771,676 
 (226,337 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 (11,750 
 (187,075 
 (227,824 
 1,749 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 1,151,138 
 2,055,789 
 4,827,543 
 274,533 
 
 Net change in cash 
 (2,203,784 
 378,851 
 1,828,043 
 49,945 

We have an accumulated deficit and have incurred
operating losses since our inception and expect losses to continue during fiscal year 2022. This raises substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability
to raise additional capital, implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenues. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended July
31, 2022 and 2021 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities for the
nine months ended July 31, 2022 and 2021, were 3,343,172 and 1,489,863, respectively, an increase of 1,853,309, or 124 . 

32 

Net cash used in operating activities for the
nine months ended July 31, 2022 primarily reflected our net loss of 8,237,494 adjusted for the add-back on non-cash items such as depreciation
and amortization expense of 851,833, total stock-based compensation, professional fees and product development fees of 3,016,326, amortization
of debt discount of 426,495, settlement expense from the issuance of common stock of 365,140, non-cash interest expense of 83,058 related
to put premium on stock-settled debt, a gain on change in fair value of derivative liability of 55,855, and changes in operating assets
and liabilities consisting of an increase of inventory of 31,114, an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 28,341,
an increase in accounts payable of 280,791, an increase in unredeemed gift cards of 69,720 offset by a decrease in accrued expense and
other liabilities of 113,610. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the
nine months ended July 31, 2021 primarily reflected our net loss of 2,539,550 adjusted for the add-back on non-cash items such as depreciation
expense of 10,390, stock-based compensation and professional fees for services of 636,221, gain on extinguishment of accounts payable
of 7,075, gain on extinguishment of debt of 41,241, amortization of debt discount of 817,922, gain on change in fair value of derivative
liability of 289,351, and changes in operating asset and liabilities consisting primarily of an increase in prepaid expenses and other
current assets of 50,406, an increase in accounts payable of 28,955 and an increase in unredeemed gift cards of 19,836, offset by a
decrease in accrued expense and other liabilities of 73,998. 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities the nine
months ended July 31, 2022 and 2021, were 11,750 and 187,075, respectively, a decrease of 175,325, or 94 . 

Net cash used by investing activities for the
nine months ended July 31, 2022 consisted of purchase of property and equipment in the amount of 11,750. 

Net cash used by investing activities for the
nine months ended July 31, 2021 consisted of purchase of property and equipment in the amount of 127,075 and a payment of 60,000 for
the acquisition of Model Meals. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities the
nine months ended July 31, 2022 and 2021, were 1,151,138 and 2,055,789, respectively, a decrease of 907,388, or 44 . 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the nine months ended July 31, 2022 consisted of net proceeds from sale of common stock of 1,368,492, net proceeds from advances payable
of 322,502, and net proceeds from convertible notes of 790,500, offset by repayments of convertible notes payable of 998,054, repayments
of advances payable of 219,233, the payment of a stock repurchase agreement of 50,000, and repayment of convertible note related
party of 63,069. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the nine months ended July 31, 2021 consisted of net proceeds from the sale of common stock of 866,770, net proceeds from note payable
of 7,000, net proceeds from convertible note payable of 1,647,300, net proceeds from related party convertible note payable of 100,000,
net proceeds from advances payable of 274,040, offset by repayments of convertible notes payable of 652,667 and repayments of advances
payable of 186,654. 

For the Ten Months Ended October 31, 2021
and 2020 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities for the
ten months ended October 31, 2021 and 2020, were 2,771,676 and 226,337, respectively, an increase of 2,545,339 or 1,125 . 

33 

Net cash used in operating activities for the
ten months ended October 31, 2021 primarily reflected our net loss of 12,802,275 adjusted for the add-back of non-cash items such as
depreciation and amortization expense of 122,368, stock-based compensation of 6,196,844, stock-based compensation of 2,969,334 to terminate
an exclusivity and non-compete agreement in order to execute a license agreement with a celebrity chef, amortization of debt discount
of 1,012,554, offset by gain on extinguishment of debt and accounts payable of 26,629, gain from change in fair value of derivative
liabilities 289,874, gain on forgiveness of debt of 14,754 and changes in operating asset and liabilities consisting primarily of an
increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 47,053, an increase in unredeemed gift cards of 29,341 and an increase in accounts
payable of 129,389 offset by a decrease in accrued expense and other liabilities of 55,664 and a decrease in inventory of 4,743. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the
ten months ended October 31, 2020 primarily reflected our net loss of 1,146,357 adjusted for the add-back of non-cash items such
as depreciation and amortization expense of 176, stock-based compensation of 812,109 and changes in operating asset and liabilities
consisting primarily of an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 14,319, increase in accounts payable of 4,725, increase
in accrued expense and other liabilities of 111,867 an increase in unredeemed gift cards of 5,462. 

Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Investing
Activities 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
for the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and 2020, were (227,824) and 1,749, respectively, an increase of 229,573 or 13,126 . 

Net cash (used by) investing activities for the
ten months ended October 31, 2021 consisted of cash consideration for an acquisition of a subsidiary of 60,000 and purchases of property
and equipment of 167,824. 

Net cash provided by investing activities for
the ten months ended October 31, 2020 consisted of cash acquired from an acquisition of 4,917 offset by purchases of property and equipment
of 3,168. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and 2020, were 4,827,543 and 274,533, respectively, an increase of 4,553,010 or 1,658 . 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the ten months ended October 31, 2021 consisted of net proceeds from sale of Common Stock of 4,368,796, net proceeds from convertible
notes payable of 1,581,450, proceeds from convertible note payable related party of 100,000, net proceeds from advances payable
of 332,900 offset by repayments of convertible notes payable of 1,195,920, repayments of advances payable of 312,752 and repayment
of convertible note related party of 46,931. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the ten months ended October 31, 2020 consisted of proceeds from sale of Common Stock of 100,006, proceeds from notes payable of 164,612,
proceeds from advances payable of 59,000 offset by repayments of note payable in default and repayments advances payable in total
amount of 3,738 and 45,347, respectively. 

Cash Requirements 

We are dependent on our product sales to fund
our operations and may require the sale of additional Common Stock and preferred stock to maintain operations. Our officers and directors
have made no written commitments with respect to providing a source of liquidity in the form of cash advances, loans, and/or financial
guarantees. 

Going Concern 

The financial statements have been prepared on
a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course
of business. As reflected in the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements, for the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the
Company had a net loss and cash used in operations of 8,237,494 and 3,343,172, respectively. On July 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated
deficit, stockholders equity, and working capital deficit of (29,951,604), 1,383,704 and (2,936,693), respectively. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the issuance
date of this prospectus. The Company s primary source of operating funds is primarily from the sale of common stock and the issuance
of convertible debt notes. The Company has experienced net losses from operations since inception but expects these conditions to improve
in the near term and beyond as it develops its business model. 

34 

Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will ultimately
achieve profitable operations or become cash flow positive or raise additional debt and/or equity capital. Management believes that the
Company s capital resources are not currently adequate to continue operating and maintaining its business strategy for a period
of twelve months from the issuance date of this prospectus. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital or secure additional
lending in the near future, management expects that the Company will need to curtail or cease operations. These consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP requires our management to make
assumptions, estimates, and judgments that affect the amounts reported, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures of commitments
and contingencies, if any. We have identified certain accounting policies that are significant to the preparation of our financial statements.
These accounting policies are important for an understanding of our financial condition and results of operations. Critical accounting
policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management s
difficult, subjective, or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Certain accounting estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance
to financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting the estimate may differ significantly from management s
current judgments. 

We believe the following critical accounting policies
involve the most significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. We believe the
critical accounting policies in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements appearing in our audited financial statements for the
ten months ended October 31, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2020 included in this prospectus, affect our more significant judgments
and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of the financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Significant estimates as of July 31, 2022,
October 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 include the assumptions used in the redemption recognition method for unredeemed gift cards, useful
life of property and equipment and intangible assets, valuation of right-of-use ROU assets and lease liabilities, estimates
of current and deferred income taxes and deferred tax valuation allowances, fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a
business combination, and the fair value of non-cash equity transactions and derivative liabilities. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Fair
Value Measurements 

FASB ASC 820 - Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,
defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. FASB ASC 820 requires disclosures about the fair value of all financial instruments, whether
or not recognized, for financial statement purposes. Disclosures about the fair value of financial instruments are based on pertinent
information available to the Company on July 31, 2022. Accordingly, the estimates presented in these financial statements are not necessarily
indicative of the amounts that could be realized on disposition of the financial instruments. FASB ASC 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation
techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market
data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority
to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs (Level 3 measurement). 

35 

The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are
as follows: 

Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3 Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information. 

The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated
balance sheets for cash, due from and to related parties, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their
fair market value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. 

Derivative Liabilities 

The Company has certain financial instruments
that are embedded derivatives associated with capital raises. The Company evaluates all its financial instruments to determine if those
contracts or any potential embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance
with ASC 815-10 Derivative and Hedging Contract in Entity s Own Equity . This accounting treatment requires
that the carrying amount of any derivatives be recorded at fair value at issuance and marked-to-market at each balance sheet date. In
the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, as is the case with the Company, the change in the fair value during the period
is recorded as either other income or expense. Upon conversion, exercise or repayment, the respective derivative liability is marked to
fair value at the conversion, repayment, or exercise date and then the related fair value amount is reclassified to other income or expense
as part of gain or loss on debt extinguishment. 

In July 2017, FASB issued ASU No. 2017-11, Earnings
Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting for
Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features. These amendments simplify the accounting for certain financial instruments with
down-round features. The amendments require companies to disregard the down-round feature when assessing whether the instrument is indexed
to its own stock, for purposes of determining liability or equity classification. For public business entities, the amendments in Part
I of the ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company s revenues consist of high quality,
direct-to-consumer, ready-made meals that can be ordered by customers through www.homebistro.com, and restaurant quality meats and seafood
through its Colorado Prime Brand. Revenues from the Company s ready-made meals are recognized when the product is delivered to the
customer and title has transferred, it is at this point in time that the Company s performance obligations have been completed.
Product sales are recorded net of any discounts or allowances and include shipping charges. 

Customers can purchase gift cards via phone or
online through the Company s e-commerce website. Gift card purchases are initially recorded as unredeemed gift card liabilities
and are recognized as product sales upon redemption. Historically, the majority of gift cards are redeemed within two years of issuance.
The Company does not charge administrative fees on unused gift cards, and its gift cards do not have an expiration date. 

Based on historical redemption patterns, a portion
of issued gift cards are not expected to be redeemed. The Company uses the redemption recognition method for recognizing breakage related
to unredeemed gift cards for which it has sufficient historical redemption information. Under the redemption recognition method, breakage
revenue is recorded in proportion to, and over the time period gift cards are actually redeemed. The estimated breakage rate is based
on historical issuance and redemption patterns and is re-assessed by the Company on a regular basis. At least three years of historical
data, which is updated annually, is used to estimate redemption patterns. 

Inflation and Changing Prices 

Neither inflation nor changing prices for the
nine months ended July 31, 2022 or the transition period ended October 31, 2021 had a material impact on our operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

36 

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Company Overview 

Home Bistro, Inc. (formerly known as Gratitude
Health, Inc.) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 17, 2009. The Company is in the business of providing prepackaged and
prepared meals to consumers focused on offering a broad array of the highest quality meal planning, delivery, and preparation services.
The Company s primary former operations were in the business of manufacturing, selling, and marketing functional RTD (Ready to Drink)
beverages sold under the Company s trademark (the RTD Business ). The RTD Business was disposed on September 25, 2020
as discussed below. 

Acquisition of Home Bistro Holdings and Disposal
of the Discontinued Operations of the RTD Business 

Home Bistro, Inc. was formed on April 9, 2013
as a Delaware corporation, under the name DineWise, LLC. On December 1, 2014, it underwent a statutory conversion filed under Section
8-265 of the Delaware Code to convert from a limited liability company to a corporation and changed its name to Home Bistro, Inc. 

On September 22, 2020, Home Bistro, Inc. filed
a Certificate of Conversion to a Non-Delaware Entity Delaware Secretary State to file a statutory conversion under Section 266 of
the Delaware General Corporation Law to convert its state of domicile from Delaware to Nevada and simultaneously filed an Articles of
Conversion Nevada Secretary of State for the same and changed its name from Home Bistro, Inc. to Home Bistro Holdings, Inc., each effective
as of September 30, 2020. 

Home Bistro Holdings provides prepackaged and
prepared meals as a solution for time-constrained but discerning consumers focused on satisfying every member of the family by offering
a broad array of the highest quality meal delivery and preparation services. Products are gourmet meals delivered fresh-frozen directly
to the home. 

Agreement and Plan of Merger 

On April 20, 2020, the Company, Fresh Market Merger
Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a newly created wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, also referred to herein as Merger Sub, and
Home Bistro, Inc., a privately-held Delaware corporation engaged in the food preparation and home-delivery business (presently known as
Home Bistro Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation), also referred to herein also Home Bistro Holdings, entered into the Merger Agreement,
pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub agreed to merge with and into Home Bistro Holdings, with Home Bistro Holdings becoming
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the surviving corporation in the merger, also referred to herein as the Merger. Pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Home Bistro Holdings filed a Certificate of Merger with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 20,
2020. 

Disposal of Discontinued Operations of the
RTD Business 

On September 25, 2020, pursuant to the Asset Purchase
Agreement, among other things, the Company agreed to sell all of the Company s business, assets and properties used, or held or
developed for use, in its RTD Business, and the buyer agreed to assume certain debts, obligations and liabilities related to the RTD Business. 

The Products and Packaging 

The Company is a direct-to-consumer
business that creates and distributes ready-made, celebrity chef-inspired gourmet meals, its own private label brand meals and Model Meals,
a Whole30 and Paleo approved, ready-to-eat, meal prep service. The Company also markets high quality frozen meats, fish and poultry to
consumers under its Colorado Prime and Prime Chop brands. The Company s meals are freshly prepared, and skin-packaged in its facility
located in Miami, Florida, and delivered fresh to its customers. Home Bistro meals are ordered on-line and delivered to consumers in containers
designed to keep the products fresh during transport. Once delivered, the meals can be heated using a microware cooker or hot water for
consumption within minutes and with little to no preparation and minimal cleanup. 

37 

In addition to its diverse
menu of gourmet meals, the Company has also partnered with the following world-renowned chefs to offer a selection of each chef s
specialty cuisine (the Celebrity Chef Program ). The Company launched its Celebrity Chef Program with Iron Chef, Cat Cora
and has since expanded to TV Host and Best-Selling Cookbook Author Ayesha Curry, Hungry Fan celebrity chef, Daina Falk,
 Master Chef Claudia Sandoval, Top-Chef All-Star Richard Blais, Vegan + Sustainable Chef Priyanka
Naik, Celebrity Pastry and Dessert Chef Melanie Moss The Company plans to continue expanding it celebrity chef program to include gourmet
cuisine from other notable celebrity chefs around the world. In doing so, the Company intends to create a virtual food emporium through
which it will offer consumers an internationally diversified online selection of fully cooked gourmet meals. 

Market Information and the Value Chain and
Routes to Market 

The online food delivery
market is projected to reach 63.02 billion in the United States in 2022 and achieve a cumulative average growth rate of 8.9 through
2027, according to a recent report by market and consumer data company Statista. 

Consumers are continually
becoming time-starved and convenience-seeking, while others have tired from the impact the pandemic has had on their access to restaurant
quality food over the last year. As a result, consumers have aggressively sought out alternatives to cooking at home or ordering take-out. 

Meal-Kits vs. Third-Party
Delivery vs. Prepared Meals 

Business models for meal-kit
providers, third-party delivery services and prepared heat-to-eat meal companies, differ vastly from one another. Meal-kit
companies provide customers pre-portioned, raw ingredients and recipes that require preparation, cooking, and the ensuing clean-up, not
to mention that the resulting meal is still subject to the preparer s ability, or lack thereof, to cook. On average, meals take
anywhere from 30-60 minutes for preparation and cooking and another 15 minutes to clean up. In addition, due to the short shelf life of
raw materials provided in meal-kits, meal-kit providers experience higher operating and supply chain costs compared to prepared meal providers.
Home Bistro s flash freezing process and packaging serves to extend its product s shelf life and promotes operational efficiencies. 

Third-party online delivery
platforms such as Grubhub, Uber Eats and DoorDash offer access to restaurants menus via a single online portal. Customers then
order directly from the app and cooked meals are delivered typically within 60 minutes by the restaurant, third party delivery service
or the app platform itself. During the delivery, cooked meals lose heat, which can decrease the enjoyment of the meal or require reheating. 

The prepared, heat-to-eat
providers in the meal delivery segment (in which Home Bistro operates) ship fresh and fresh-frozen, fully cooked meals direct-to-consumer.
On average, these meals require heating for only three to five minutes using a microwave or sous vide machine. The experience is extremely
convenient, requires very little cleanup and delivers a gourmet meal prepared by a professional chef. Consumers can order one meal or
several meals, which can be stored and heated when desired. 

Production 

Until mid-2020, the Company
used third-party co-packers to cook, package, fulfill and ship its meals to its customers. In June, Home Bistro entered into a lease for
commercial kitchen facilities, hired and trained professional chefs and implemented its own fulfillment operations. By managing its own
food production and fulfillment, Home Bistro expects to be able to improve its competitive position, while expanding its gross profit
and operating margins. It will provide the Company with significantly greater flexibility to create and introduce new menu items, including
the expansion of its Celebrity Chef Program, and react to dynamics of a developing marketplace. 

Orders for restaurant quality meats and seafood
through the Company s Prime Chop and Colorado Prime brands continue to be processed through a third-party co-packer based in North
Carolina who fulfills and ships customer orders. 

38 

Competition 

In the direct-to-consumer prepared meal home delivery
market segment, our competition is extensive and includes larger more established companies such as Jenny Craig, WW International, Nutrisystem,
Freshly and Factor 75 which have significantly greater financial, technical, sales and marketing resources than the Company, as well as
numerous smaller independent providers like, Snap Kitchen, Trifecta, Fresh Lean, Icon Meals, Real Eats and Flex Pro Meals. We believe,
however, there is considerable room for additional competitors offering modestly priced, high quality offerings, as the direct-to-consumer
segment of the home delivery market for food continues to expand. In addition, we believe the competition for consumers seeking ready-made
gourmet meals (such as Home Bistro) is less intensive than other niches such as weight loss, high protein, keto, or paleo. 

In the direct-to-consumer, high quality meats
and seafood market segment, our competition is extensive and includes larger more established companies such as Omaha Steaks, Kansas City
Steak Company and Snake River Farms which have significantly greater financial, technical, sales and marketing resources than the Company,
as well as Butcher Block, D Artagnan and Crowd Cow. We believe, however, there is considerable room for additional competitors offering
modestly priced, high quality offerings, as the direct-to-consumer segment of the home delivery market for food continues to expand. 

Home Bistro s online competition consists
primarily of national and local service providers, point-of-sale module vendors that serve some independent restaurants who have their
own standalone websites and the online interfaces of restaurants that also offer takeout. The Company also competes for diners with online
competitors on the basis of convenience, control, and customer care. For restaurants, Home Bistro competes with other online platforms
based on its ability to generate additional orders, manage challenges such as customization, change orders, menu updates and specials
and the ability to help them improve their operational efficiency. 

Government Regulation 

We are subject to labor
and employment laws, import and trade restrictions laws, laws governing advertising, privacy and data security laws, safety regulations
and other laws, including consumer protection regulations that apply to retailers and/or the promotion and sale of merchandise and the
operation of stores and warehouse facilities. In the United States, we are subject to the regulatory authority of, among other agencies,
the Federal Trade Commission FTC and U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). We will employ a number of
external resources to assist us in complying with our regulatory obligations. These external resources will include outside technology
providers and consultants. As we expand our business, we will be required to raise additional capital to cover the expected increase in
costs to hire and train additional internal and external resources to ensure we remain in substantial compliance with our governmental
obligations. We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws. 

Trademarks 

We own trademarks relating to the Home Bistro
name, including trademarks with the serial numbers 86636971 and 86636968. 

Employees 

As of September 22, 2022, Home Bistro had 13 full-time
employees. None of these employees are represented by collective bargaining agreements and the Company considers it relations with its
employees to be good. 

39 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding
nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us. 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

Board of Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the names, positions
and ages of our directors and executive officers as of the date of this prospectus. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Zalmi Duchman 
 
 43 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Director 
 
 Michael Finkelstein 
 
 69 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Novielli 
 
 58 
 
 Director 

Biographical information concerning the directors
and executive officers listed above is set forth below. The information presented includes information each individual has given us about
all positions they hold and their principal occupation and business experience for the past five years. In addition to the information
presented below regarding each director s specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills that led our board to conclude
that he should serve as a director, we also believe that all of our directors have a reputation for integrity, honesty, and adherence
to high ethical standards. Each has demonstrated business acumen and an ability to exercise sound judgment, as well as a commitment of
service to our company and our board of directors. 

Zalmi Duchman . Mr. Duchman has been the
Company s Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since April 20, 2020. Mr.
Duchman also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Home Bistro Holdings since March 2018
and a member of its Board of Directors since March 2018. Mr. Duchman founded The Fresh Diet, Inc. in 2005 and served as its Chief Executive
Officer until July 2013 and its Chairman of the Board from July 2013 until its August 2014 acquisition. Mr. Duchman and The Fresh Diet,
Inc. have earned numerous prestigious accolades over the years, including making the Inc. 500 list consecutively in 2010, 2011 and 2012,
the Forbes Top 20 Most Promising U.S. Companies List in 2011 and 2012, as well as being an Ernst Young Entrepreneur of the Year
nominee in both 2009 and 2011. The Miami Herald named Duchman as one of Miami s leading 20 under 40 . Mr. Duchman is
well qualified to serve as the Chief Executive Officer due to his extensive experience in the management and operation of companies in
the Company s industry, and his previous leadership experience as an entrepreneur, chairman and chief executive officer. 

Michael Finkelstein . Mr. Finkelstein has
been a member of Board of Directors of the Company since April 20, 2020. From 2013 to present, Mr. Finkelstein has consulted with family
offices in New York City and Europe as a reorganization and problem-solving specialist and has founded and run a high-quality catering
business. From 2003 to 2013, Michael co-founded a pipe fund with a U.S. partner which grew at its peak into a 100 million
dollar entity and was liquidated in 2013. His public accounting, financial and taxation experience is primarily derived from his time
at Arthur Andersen Co. where he rose to the high level of income tax manager. Mr. Finkelstein became one of Canada s top producing
investment advisors after departing public accounting and was a multiple award winner at his firm in the investment services business.
Michael is a graduate of McGill University with a Major in Economics. Michael received his diploma in public accounting after his B.A.
at McGill and successfully completed the chartered accountancy exams in Canada. Mr. Finkelstein is well qualified to serve as a member
of the Board of Directors of the Company due to his extensive experience in the financial and accounting industries. 

Michael Novielli . Mr. Novielli has been
a member of the Company s Board of Directors since April 20, 2020. Mr. Novielli co-founded Dutchess Capital in 1996 and is a GP
principal and member of the firm s Investment Committee. He co-manages the firm s investments, pre-IPO strategy
and corporate advisory practice, and serves on the board of directors of select portfolio companies. Mr. Novielli helped engineer the
firm s previous expansion into Europe, Asia, Australia and Latin America, and managed restructurings and workouts of its distressed
portfolio, which included corporate divestitures, asset sales, ABCs and bankruptcies. He has 30+ years experience in asset management,
corporate finance and advisory, and investment banking. Mr. Novielli began his financial services career with PaineWebber and held previous
positions in corporate accounting and finance with a Fortune 100 company. He graduated with a BS in Business from the University of South
Florida and completed post-graduate Business studies at Colorado State University. Mr. Novielli is well qualified to serve as a member
of the Board of Directors of the Company due to his extensive financial and investment experience. 

40 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Zalmi Duchman is the founder of Fresh Diet Inc. Fresh Diet ). On or around July 29, 2016, Fresh Diet undertook an assignment of all of its assets to Seth Heller, as assignee
for the benefit of Fresh Diet s creditors Fresh Diet Assignee ). On August 1, 2016, Fresh Diet Assignee initiated
state-level insolvency proceedings on behalf of Fresh Diet (an assignment for the benefit of creditors), captioned In re The Fresh
Diet, Inc. , Case No. 2016-019789-CA-01 (Fla. 11th Cir. Ct.) before the Circuit Court of the Eleventh Judicial Circuit in and for Miami-Dade
County, Florida. 

Except as set forth above, to the best of our
knowledge, none of our directors, executive officer or promoter and control person (as identified under Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions has, during the past ten years: 

been
convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

had
any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation, or business association
of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that
time; 

been
subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or
federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type
of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with
persons engaged in any such activity; 

been
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been
the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation
of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance
companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty
or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire
fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been
the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
(as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity, or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
with a member. 

Except as set forth in our discussion below in
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, none of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any transactions
with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates, or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the SEC. 

41 

Board Committees, Compensation Committee Interlocks
and Insider Participation 

At the present time the duties of an Audit Committee,
Nominating and Governance Committee and Compensation Committee (including with respect to setting executive officer compensation) are
performed by the Board as a whole. Prior to the completion of this offering, our Board will form an Audit Committee, Nominating and Governance
Committee and Compensation Committee. We will adopt charters for such committees, as well as other corporate governance guidelines, prior
to the closing of this offering in accordance with the applicable requirements of the SEC and The NASDAQ Capital Market. Each committee
will consist of three directors. All of the directors of our Audit Committee will be independent directors, as defined by the listing
standards of The NASDAQ Capital Market. The Compensation Committee will be composed exclusively of individuals intended to be, to the
extent provided by Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, non-employee directors. 

Family Relationships 

None of the directors and officers is related to any other director
or officer of the Company. 

Board Oversight in Risk Management 

Our Chief Executive Officer, who is our principal
executive officer, also serves on the Board of Directors, and we do not have a lead director. In the context of risk oversight, we believe
that our selection of one person to serve in both positions provides the Board with additional perspective which combines the operational
experience of a member of management with the oversight focus of a member of the Board. The business and operations of our Company are
managed by our Board as a whole, including oversight of various risks, such as operational and liquidity risks that our Company faces.
Because our Board includes a member of our management, this individual is responsible for both the day-to-day management of the risks
we face as well as the responsibility for the oversight of risk management. 

As a smaller reporting
company under SEC rules, our named executive officer during the transition period ended October 31, 2022 and fiscal year ended
December 31, 2021 was Zalmi Duchman, our current Chief Executive Officer. No other executive officer received total compensation during
the twelve month period ended October 31, 2022 or October 31, 2021 in excess of 100,000. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year (1) 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Warrant/ Option Awards 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Zalmi Duchman 
 2021 
 70,000 

2,714,971 (2) 
 
 2,784,971 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 2020 
 43,750 
 
 97,720 (3) 

141,470 

(1) 
 On January 28, 2022, the Board approved a change in the Company s fiscal year end from December 31 to October 31. Compensation and benefit totals herein reflect the ten months ended October 31, 2021 and the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

(2) 
 Mr. Duchman was appointed to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on April 20, 2020 and continues to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of Home Bistro Holdings. On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Duchman that provided of (i) an annual salary of 120,000 and (ii) a one-time grant of warrants for 2,000,000 Common Stock which vested upon issuance and had a grant date fair value of 2,714,971. 

(3) 
 Mr. Duchman was granted 4,746 shares of Home Bistro Holdings common stock with grant date fair value of 97,720 as bonus in April 2020. These shares of Home Bistro Holdings common stock were converted into 2,242,924 shares of the Company s Common Stock post-Merger and post-reverse stock split. 

Employment Agreement with Executives 

On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into an
employment agreement (the Employment Agreement with Zalmi Duchman to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer.
The Employment Agreement has a term of three years Term from the effective date and provides for (i) an annual salary
of 120,000 and (ii) a one-time warrant grant of 2,000,000 shares of common stock, which vested upon issuance, is exercisable at 0.001
and expires on October 1, 2026. Mr. Duchman is entitled to vacation, sick and holiday pay and other benefits, in accordance with the Company s
policies established and in effect from time to time. The Company may terminate the Mr. Duchman for cause (as defined in Employment Agreement)
by giving Mr. Duchman written notice approved by the Board of such termination, such notice (i) to state in detail the particular act
or acts or failure or failures to act that constitute the grounds on which the proposed termination for cause is based and (ii) to be
given within six months of the Board learning of such act or acts or failure or failures to act. The Employment Agreement may be terminated
at Board s discretion during the Term, provided that if Mr. Duchman is terminated without cause, the Company shall pay to Mr. Duchman
an amount calculated by multiplying Mr. Duchman monthly salary, at the time of such termination, times the number of months remaining
in the Term. 

42 

On March 25, 2022, the Company entered into an
employment agreement May Employment Agreement with Camille May to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer.
The May Employment Agreement has a term of two years from the effective date and provides for (i) an annual salary of 120,000 and
(ii) a one-time warrant grant of 250,000 shares of common stock, which vested upon issuance, is exercisable at 0.001 and expires on March
27, 2027. Ms. May is entitled to vacation, sick and holiday pay and other benefits, in accordance with the Company s policies established
and in effect from time to time. The Company may terminate May Employment Agreement for cause (as defined therein) by giving Ms. May written
notice approved by the Board of Directors of such termination 

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2021 Transitional Period 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning the outstanding equity awards as of October 31, 2021, for the named executive officer. 

Option/Warrant Awards 

Stock Awards 

Name 

Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Option/ 
Warrant (#) 
Exercisable 

Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Option/ 
Warrant (#) 
Unexercisable 

Equity Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Unearned 
Options 

Option/ Warrant Exercise Price( 

Option/ Warrant Expiration Date 

Number of 
Shares or 
Units of 
Stock 
that 
Have Not 
Vested 

Market 
Value of 
Shares 
or Units 
of Stock 
that Have Not 
Vested 

Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Number of 
Unearned 
Shares, 
Units or 
Other 
Rights 
that Have 
Not Vested 

Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Market or 
Payout 
Value of 
Unearned 
Shares, 
Units or 
Other 
Rights 
that Have 
Not 
Vested 

Zalmi Duchman (1) 

2,000,000 

0.001 

10/01/2026 

(1) 
 Mr. Duchman was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on April 20, 2020 and has been the Chief Executive Officer of Home Bistro Holdings, Inc since March 2018. On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Duchman that provides for a one-time grant of warrants for 2,000,000 common stock which vested upon issuance and had a grant date fair value of 2,714,971. 

Compensation of Directors 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the compensation paid to our Board of Directors Board during the ten month period ending October 31, 2021: 

Name 
 Fees earned or cash paid 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 All other compensation 
 Total 

Zalmi Duchman 

Michael Finkelstein 
 
 156,750 (1) 

156,750 
 
 Michael Novielli 

(1) 
 The Company issued to Michael Finkelstein, an aggregate of 125,000 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 156,750 for compensation as a member of the Board. 

All directors hold office until the next annual
meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation, or
removal. Officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the board. 

Our directors are reimbursed for expenses incurred
by them in connection with attending board meetings, and at the discretion of the members of the Board may receive shares of common stock
or warrants as compensation for serving on the Board. 

Resignation, Retirement, Other Termination,
or Change in Control Arrangements 

We do not have arrangements in respect of remuneration
received or that may be received by our executive officers to compensate such officers in the event of termination of employment (as a
result of resignation, retirement, change of control) or a change of responsibilities following a change of control. 

43 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of September 22, 2022: 

by each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to own beneficially 5 or more of any class of our voting securities; 

by our named executive officer; 

by each of our directors; and 

by all our current executive officers and directors as a group. 

As of September 22, 2022, there were 44,373,755 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to our common stock. Shares of common stock
subject to stock options, convertible notes and debentures and warrants that are currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable
or convertible within 60 days of September 22, 2022, are deemed to be outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of
that person but are not treated as outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless indicated below, the
persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject
to community property laws where applicable. 

Except as otherwise indicated, the address of
each stockholder is c/o Home Bistro, Inc., 4014 Chase Avenue, #212 Miami Beach, FL 33140. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percentage of Class (1) 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Zalmi Duchman (2) 
 10,710,148 
 24.1 
 
 Michael Finkelstein (3) 
 279,141 

Michael Novielli (4) 
 5,980,986 
 13.5 
 
 Camille May 
 1,254,155 
 2.8 
 
 Danika Brysha 
 1,254,155 
 2.8 
 
 All officers/directors as a group (5 persons) 
 19,478,585 
 43.9 

Other 5 Stockholders: 

The Hewlett Fund LP (5) 
 5,337,244 
 12.0 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned are determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rule, beneficial ownership includes any shares over which the individual or entity has voting power or investment power and any shares of common stock that the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days of September 22, 2022, through the exercise of any stock warrants or other rights. As of September 22, 2022, 44,373,755 shares of the Company s common stock were outstanding. 

(2) 
 Includes 8,610,148 shares of common stock held by Fresh Brands LLC. Fresh Brands ). Mr. Duchman and his wife own 100 of the membership interests in Fresh Brands in tenancy-by-entirety, and accordingly, Mr. Duchman has shared voting power and shared dispositive power over such shares. Also, includes 2,100,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants, directly owned by Mr. Duchman, exercisable within 60 days of September 22, 2022. 

(3) 
 Includes 115,066 shares of common stock owned by Whalehaven Capital Fund Ltd. Mr. Finkelstein is the Managing Partner of Whalehaven Capital Fund Ltd and thus has sole voting and sole dispositive power over such shares. Also includes 164,075 shares of common stock directly owned by Mr. Finkelstein. 

(4) 
 Includes 934,516 shares of common stock owned by Dutchess Capital Partners LLC DCP ), an entity of which Mr. Novielli is the sole managing partner and has sole voting and dispositive control over the common stock it owns and 216,667 shares of common stock owned by Dutchess Capital Growth Fund LP. Also includes 100,000 shares of common stock directly owned by Mr. Novielli and 1,766,896 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants owned by DCP and 2,962,907 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants, owned by Dutchess Strategic Fund, LLC, exercisable within 60 days of September 22, 2022. 

(5) 
 Includes 5,187,244 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants, owned by The Hewlett Fund LP, exercisable within 60 days of September 22, 2022. 

44 

Change in Control 

There are no present arrangements known to the Company, including any
pledge by any person of the Company s securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control
of the Company. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

Related Party Transactions 

The following is a description of each transaction
since January 1, 2020 and each currently proposed transaction in which: 

we are, have been or will be a participant; 

the amount involved exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years; and 

any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Our current policy with regard to related party
transactions is for the Board as a whole to approve any material transactions involving our directors, executive officers or holders of
more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock. 

On September 25, 2020, pursuant to the Asset Purchase
Agreement, the Company agreed to sell all of the Company s business, assets and properties used, or held or developed for use, in
its RTD Business, and Gratitude Keto Holdings, Inc., agreed to assume certain debts, obligations and liabilities related to the RTD Business.
The Asset Purchase Agreement was intended to be part of the Merger and in effect transferred the RTD Business and the related assets and
liabilities to Gratitude Keto, whose CEO, Roy Warren Jr., formerly served as a director of and Chief Operating Officer of the Company.
The Company assumed an accounts payable liability in the amount of 14,000 related to accounting expense of the RTD Business for
a period prior to the Merger. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Buyer reimbursed the Company for accounting expenses in amount
of 14,000 incurred prior to the Merger, of which 7,000 was payable in cash and the balance in form of a promissory note dated
September 25, 2020 in the amount of 7,000. The promissory note had an interest rate of 5 per annum, matured on April 25, 2021 and
was payable in monthly installments of 1,000 commencing on October 25, 2020 through April 25, 2021. As of December 31, 2020, 5,000 remained
due on the promissory note. The Company received the 7,000 cash portion of the consideration as of December 31, 2020 and the promissory
note has since been satisfied in full. 

The Company utilizes the shipping carrier account
of a related entity owned by an LLC affiliated with Zalmi Duchman, the Company s CEO, for its inbound and outbound shipping
needs. The related entity bills the Company for the direct cost of the shipping charges plus a 20 fee. The total amount incurred
and paid to the related entity during the ten months ended October 31, 2021 was 153,165 and was 117,310 for the year ended
December 31, 2020, which is included in cost of goods sold on the statement of operations. There were no amounts due to this related party
for these services as of October 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 

On March 30, 2021, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement with Dutchess Capital Growth Fund LP Dutchess Growth Fund ). Michael Novielli, a Board member,
is a managing partner of Dutchess Capital Growth Fund s general partner. Pursuant to such agreement, the Company issued (i) a convertible
note with principal amount of 110,000 with the Company receiving 100,000 in net proceeds, net of 10,000 of OID recorded as
a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) 50,000 shares of common stock, subject to a true-up based
upon the trading price of the common stock and ownership limitations; and (iii) a warrant to purchase up to 50,000 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of 2.50. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company fully paid all amounts outstanding under the
convertible note. 

On October 1, 2021, the Company and Michael Novielli,
through DCP, entered into a consulting agreement which has been extended by agreement of the Parties. Michael Novielli currently serves
as a member of the Board and is the sole managing partner of DCP. Pursuant to the consulting agreement, DCP received warrants to purchase 1,000,000
shares of common stock for services rendered. Such warrant vested upon issuance, has an exercise price of 0.001 and an expiration
date of October 1, 2026. In addition, under the consulting agreement, DCP receives 10,000 per month, payable in cash. 

45 

Director Independence 

Currently, we have one
independent director. Because our common stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we have used the definition
of independence of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent
director is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the
opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. The NASDAQ listing rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent if: 

the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the Company; 

the director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the Company in excess of 120,000 during any period of 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including, among other things, compensation for board or board committee service); 

a family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the Company; 

the director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to which the Company made, or from which the Company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exclusions); 

the director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three years, any of the executive officers of the Company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 

the director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the Company s outside auditor, or at any time during the past three years was a partner or employee of the Company s outside auditor, and who worked on the company s audit 

46 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

Authorized Capital Stock 

The authorized capital of the Company consists
of [ ] shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

Common Stock 

The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one
vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the election of directors. There is no right to cumulate
votes in the election of directors. The holders of Common Stock are entitled to any dividends that may be declared by the board of directors
out of funds legally available for payment of dividends subject to the prior rights of holders of preferred stock and any contractual
restrictions we have against the payment of dividends on Common Stock. In the event of our liquidation or dissolution, holders of Common
Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any outstanding
shares of preferred stock. Holders of Common Stock have no preemptive rights and have no right to convert their Common Stock
into any other securities. 

Reverse Stock Split 

On October 27, 2022, the Board filed a Certificate
of Change pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes 78.207 with the Nevada Secretary of State to effect the Reverse Stock Split and the proportional
decrease of the Company s authorized shares of Common Stock in connection with the offering and our intended listing of our Common
Stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market. No shareholder vote was required to authorize the Reverse Stock Split. However, we cannot guarantee
that The Nasdaq Stock Market will approve our initial listing application for our Common Stock in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. 

No fractional shares were issued in connection
with the Reverse Stock Split and all such fractional interests were rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares of Common Stock. 

Preferred Stock 

On March 19, 2018, the Company designated 520,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share Series A Preferred Stock ), and 500,000 shares of Series
B Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share Series B Preferred Stock ). On August 1, 2018, the Company designated 1,000
shares of Series C Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share Series C Preferred Stock ). In October 2018, the Board approved
and authorized an amendment to increase the number of designated authorized shares of the Series C Preferred Stock to 2,500 shares. As
of September 22, 2022, there are no outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible
into shares of Common Stock with a stated value of 10 per share of Series A Preferred Stock and conversion price of 0.04 per share,
subject to adjustment in the event of stock split, stock dividends, and recapitalization or otherwise. The holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock do not possess any voting rights. The Series A Preferred Stock does not contain any redemption provision. The Series A Preferred
Stock are entitled to receive in cash out of assets of the Company before any amounts shall be paid to the holders of any of shares of
junior stock, an amount equal to the stated value plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon and any other fees due and owing. 

47 

Series B Preferred Stock 

Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible
into shares of Common Stock with a stated value of 10 per share of Series B Preferred Stock and conversion price of 0.04 per share,
subject to adjustment in the event of stock split, stock dividends, and recapitalizations or otherwise. The Series B Preferred Stock are
entitled to receive in cash out of assets of the Company before any amounts shall be paid to the holders of any of shares of junior stock,
an amount equal to the Stated Value plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon and any other fees due and owing. Holders of Series
B Preferred Stock voting as a single class, in the aggregate, are entitled to vote with all voting securities of the Company on all matters
submitted to the holders of voting securities for vote with the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock entitling the holder thereof to
cast that number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding eligible to vote, at the time of the respective
vote plus the number of votes which all other series, or classes of securities are entitled to cast together with the holders of Common
Stock at the time of the relevant vote plus one additional share of Common Stock. Solely with respect to matters of the Company s
capitalization and similar matters upon which stockholders are entitled to vote or to which stockholders are entitled to give consent,
the holders of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock without regard
to class, except as to those matters on which separate class voting is required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation
or bylaws. 

Series C Preferred Stock 

Each share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible
into shares of Common Stock with a stated value of 200 per share of Series C Preferred Stock and conversion price of 0.04 per share,
subject to adjustment in the event of stock split, stock dividends, subsequent equity sales with lower effective price, and recapitalization
or otherwise. The Series C Preferred Stock votes with the Common Stock on a fully as converted basis. The Series C Preferred Stock does
not contain any redemption provision. The Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive in cash out of assets of the Company before
any amounts shall be paid to the holders of any of shares of junior stock, an amount equal to the stated value plus any accrued and unpaid
dividends thereon and any other fees due and owing. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The Company s transfer agent, Nevada Agency
and Transfer Company, will serve as transfer agent to maintain stockholder information on a book-entry basis. We will not issue shares
in physical or paper form. Instead, our shares will be recorded and maintained on our stockholder register. 

48 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Audited Financial Statements of Home Bistro,
Inc. 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets - As of July 31, 2022 (unaudited) and October 31, 2021 (unaudited) 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended July 31, 2022 and 2021 (unaudited) 

Consolidated Statements of
 Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended July 31, 2022 and 2021 (unaudited) 

Consolidated Statements of
 Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended July 31, 2022 and 2021 (unaudited) 

Notes to Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 F-3 

Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 F-39 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations for the Transition Period Ended October 31, 2021 and Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 F-40 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Transition Period Ended October 31, 2021 and Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 F-41 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Transition Period Ended October 31, 2021 and Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 F-42 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-43 

F- 1 

July 31, 2022 and October
31, 2021, the Company did not have any cash equivalents. 

The Company maintains its cash in bank and financial
institution deposits that at times may exceed federally insured limits. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the bank balance was
in excess of FDIC insured levels by approximately 0 and 2,025,000, respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such
accounts through July 31, 2022. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Fair
Value Measurements 

FASB ASC 820 - Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,
defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. FASB ASC 820 requires disclosures about the fair value of all financial instruments, whether
or not recognized, for financial statement purposes. Disclosures about the fair value of financial instruments are based on pertinent
information available to the Company on July 31, 2022. Accordingly, the estimates presented in these financial statements are not necessarily
indicative of the amounts that could be realized on disposition of the financial instruments. FASB ASC 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation
techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market
data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority
to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs (Level 3 measurement). 

F- 2 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are
as follows: 

Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3 Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information. 

The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated
balance sheets for cash, due from and to related parties, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their
fair market value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. 

Assets or liabilities measured at fair value on
a recurring basis include embedded conversion options in convertible debt (see Note 4) and were as follows on July 31, 2022 and October
31, 2021: 

July 31, 2022 
 October 31, 2021 
 
 Description 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Derivative liabilities 

153,206 

86,884 

A roll forward of the level 3 valuation financial
instruments is as follows: 

Nine Months Ended July 31, 2022 

(Unaudited) 
 
 Balance on October 31, 2021 
 86,884 
 
 Increase in derivative liabilities included in debt discount 
 122,177 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 (55,855 
 
 Balance on July 31, 2022 
 153,206 

ASC 825-10 Financial Instruments 
allows entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value (fair value option). The fair
value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable unless a new election date occurs. If the fair value
option is elected for an instrument, unrealized gains and losses for that instrument should be reported in earnings at each subsequent
reporting date. The Company did not elect to apply the fair value option to any outstanding equity instruments. 

Derivative Liabilities 

The Company has certain financial instruments
that are embedded derivatives associated with capital raises. The Company evaluates all its financial instruments to determine if those
contracts or any potential embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance
with ASC 815-10 Derivative and Hedging Contract in Entity s Own Equity . This accounting treatment requires
that the carrying amount of any derivatives be recorded at fair value at issuance and marked-to-market at each balance sheet date. In
the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, as is the case with the Company, the change in the fair value during the period
is recorded as either other income or expense. Upon conversion, exercise or repayment, the respective derivative liability is marked to
fair value at the conversion, repayment, or exercise date and then the related fair value amount is reclassified to other income or expense
as part of gain or loss on debt extinguishment. 

Goodwill and Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets 

Goodwill represents the excess of purchase prices
over the fair value of nets assets acquired, is carried at cost. Goodwill is not amortized; rather, it is subject to a periodic
assessment for impairment by applying a fair value-based test. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis at a
level of reporting referred to as the reporting unit, and more frequently if adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the asset may be impaired. 

F- 3 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

Goodwill and indefinite lived intangible
assets are tested for impairment at the reporting unit level by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more
likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The
qualitative assessment considers macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors and overall company financial
performance. If the reporting unit does not pass the qualitative assessment, the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill,
is compared to its fair value. When the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a goodwill impairment
loss is recognized up to a maximum amount of the recorded goodwill related to the reporting unit. Goodwill impairment
losses are not reversed. There was no impairment loss of goodwill or indefinite lived intangible assets for the nine months
ended July 31, 2022. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

In accordance with ASC Topic 360, the Company
reviews long-lived assets including intangible assets with finite life, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable, or at least annually. The Company recognizes an impairment loss when
the sum of expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment is measured
as the difference between the asset s estimated fair value and its book value. 

Inventory 

Inventory consists of non-perishable food items
distributed by the Company and are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value utilizing the first-in first-out (FIFO) method.
A reserve is established when management determines that certain inventories may not be saleable. If inventory costs exceed expected net
realizable value due to obsolescence or quantities in excess of expected demand, the Company will record reserves for the difference between
the cost and the net realizable value. These reserves are based on estimates and included in cost of sales. As of July 31, 2022 and October
31, 2021, the inventory balances were insignificant and the Company determined that there was no allowance needed. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company s revenues consist of high quality,
direct-to-consumer, ready-made meals that can be ordered by customers through www.homebistro.com, www.modelmeals.com and restaurant quality
meats and seafood through its Colorado Prime Brand. Revenues from the Company s ready-made meals are recognized when the product
is delivered to the customer and title has transferred. It is at this point in time that the Company s performance obligations have
been completed. Product sales are recorded net of any discounts or allowances and include shipping charges. 

Customers can purchase gift cards via phone or
online through the Company s e-commerce website. Gift card purchases are initially recorded as unredeemed gift card liabilities
and are recognized as product sales upon redemption. Historically, the majority of gift cards are redeemed within two to three years of
issuance. The Company does not charge administrative fees on unused gift cards, and its gift cards do not have an expiration date. 

Based on historical redemption patterns, a portion
of issued gift cards are not expected to be redeemed (breakage). The Company uses the redemption recognition method for recognizing breakage
related to unredeemed gift cards for which it has sufficient historical redemption information. Under the redemption recognition method,
breakage revenue is recorded in proportion to, and over the time period gift cards are actually redeemed. The estimated breakage rate
is based on historical issuance and redemption patterns and is re-assessed by the Company on a regular basis. At least three years of
historical data, which is updated annually, is used to estimate redemption patterns. Model meals, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary,
does not have sufficient historical redemption information to recognize breakage. Therefore, all issued gift cards are recorded as a liability
upon issuance and revenue when used. 

Cost of Sales 

The Company s policy is to recognize product
related cost of sales in conjunction with revenue recognition, when the product costs are incurred which is upon delivery of product.
Cost of sales includes the food and processing costs directly attributable to fulfillment and the delivery of the product to customers
including both inbound and outbound shipping costs. In addition, the royalty fee related to the Joint Product Development and Distribution
Agreement (see Note 11) was also included in cost of sales. 

Shipping and handling costs incurred for product
shipped to customers are included in cost of sales and amounted to 411,380 and 152,070 for the nine months ended July 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Shipping and handling costs charged to customers are included in product sales. 

F- 4 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Stock-based compensation is accounted for based
on the requirements of ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation , which requires recognition in the financial
statements of the cost of employee, non-employee and director services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments over the
period the employee or director is required to perform the services in exchange for the award (presumptively, the vesting period). The
ASC also requires measurement of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award based on the grant-date
fair value of the award. 

Advertising Costs 

The Company participates in various advertising
programs. All costs related to advertising of the Company s products are expensed in the period incurred. Advertising costs charged
to operations were 940,580 and 307,980 for the nine months ended July 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are presented on the accompanying
unaudited consolidated statements of operations as selling and marketing expenses. 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes using the
liability method prescribed by ASC 740 - Income Taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on
the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect
in the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets
if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not
be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized as income or loss in the period that includes the enactment
date. 

The Company follows the accounting guidance for
uncertainty in income taxes using the provisions of ASC 740. Using that guidance, tax positions initially need to be recognized in the
financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. For the nine
months ended July 31, 2022, the Company had no uncertain tax positions that qualify for either recognition or disclosure in the financial
statements. 

Leases 

The Company accounts
for its leases using the method prescribed by ASC 842 Lease Accounting . The Company assess whether the contract is, or
contains, a lease at the inception of a contract which is based on (i) whether the contract involves the use of a distinct identified
asset, (ii) whether the Company obtain the right to substantially all the economic benefit from the use of the asset throughout the period,
and (iii) whether the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Company allocates the consideration in the contract to
each lease component based on its relative stand-alone price to determine the lease payments. The Company has elected not to recognize
right-of-use ROU assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a term of 12 months or less. 

Operating and financing
lease ROU assets represents the right to use the leased asset for the lease term. Operating and financing lease liabilities are recognized
based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. As most leases do not provide
an implicit rate, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the adoption date in determining
the present value of future payments. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term
and is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share 

Pursuant to ASC 260-10-45, basic loss per common
share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the periods presented.
Diluted loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents
and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common shares consist of common stock issuable
for stock options and stock warrants (using the treasury stock method), convertible notes and common stock issuable. These common stock
equivalents may be dilutive in the future. 

F- 5 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

The potentially dilutive common stock equivalents
as of July 31, 2022 and 2021 were excluded from the dilutive loss per share calculation as they would be antidilutive due to the net loss
and included the following: 

July 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Common Stock Equivalents: 

Stock Warrants 
 17,750,156 
 12,071,461 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 7,821,102 
 1,512,844 
 
 Total 
 25,571,258 
 13,584,305 

Concentration Risk 

The Company purchased approximately 100 of its
food products from one vendor during the twelve months ended October 31, 2022. The Company is not obligated to purchase from these vendors
and, if necessary, there are other vendors from which the Company can purchase food products. As of July 31, 2021, the Company had no
accounts payable balance to this vendor. 

During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the
Company had two kitchen facilities located at Pembroke Pines, FL 33009 and Santa Ana, CA. The Company started producing and packaging
its food products at these locations in addition to purchasing food products from other vendors which mitigated this concentration risk. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06 Debt Debt
with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and edging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 to simplify
the accounting for convertible instruments by removing certain separation models in Subtopic 470- 20, Debt with Conversion and Other
Options , for convertible instruments. Under the amendments in ASU 2020-06, the embedded conversion features no longer are separated
from the host contract for convertible instruments with conversion features that are not required to be accounted for as derivatives under
Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, or that do not result in substantial premiums accounted for as paid-in capital. Consequently, a convertible
debt instrument will be accounted for as a single liability measured at its amortized cost and a convertible preferred stock will be accounted
for as a single equity instrument measured at its historical cost, as long as no other features require bifurcation and recognition as
derivatives. By removing those separation models, the interest rate of convertible debt instruments typically will be closer to the coupon
interest rate when applying the guidance in Topic 835, Interest. The amendments in ASU 2020-06 provide financial statement users with
a simpler and more consistent starting point to perform analyses across entities. The amendments also improve the operability of the guidance
and reduce, to a large extent, the complexities in the accounting for convertible instruments and the difficulties with the interpretation
and application of the relevant guidance. To further improve the decision usefulness and relevance of the information being provided to
users of financial statements, amendments in ASU 2020-06 increased information transparency by making the following amendments to the
disclosure for convertible instruments: 

1. Add
a disclosure objective 

2. Add
information about events or conditions that occur during the reporting period that cause conversion contingencies to be met or conversion
terms to be significantly changed 

3. Add
information on which party controls the conversion rights 

4. Align
disclosure requirements for contingently convertible instruments with disclosure requirements for other convertible instruments 

5. Require
that existing fair value disclosures in Topic 825, Financial Instruments, be provided at the individual convertible instrument level
rather than in the aggregate. 

Additionally, for convertible debt instruments
with substantial premiums accounted for as paid-in capital, amendments in ASU 2020-06 added disclosures about (1) the fair value amount
and the level of fair value hierarchy of the entire instrument for public business entities and (2) the premium amount recorded as paid-in
capital. 

F- 6 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

The amendments in ASU
2020-06 are effective for public business entities, excluding entities eligible to be smaller reporting companies as defined by the SEC,
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption
is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
Entities should adopt the guidance as of the beginning of its annual fiscal year and are allowed to adopt the guidance through either
a modified retrospective method of transition or a fully retrospective method of transition. In applying the modified retrospective method,
entities should apply the guidance to transactions outstanding as of the beginning of the fiscal year in which the amendments are adopted.
Transactions that were settled (or expired) during prior reporting periods are unaffected. The cumulative effect of the change should
be recognized as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings at the date of adoption. If an entity elects the fully retrospective
method of transition, the cumulative effect of the change should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings
in the first comparative period presented. The Company early adopted ASU 2020-06 effective November 1, 2021 and did not have a significant
impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2021, the FASB
issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation-Stock Compensation
(Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). The new ASU addresses issuer s
accounting for certain modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options. This amendment is effective
for all entities, for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company does not believe the adoption of this ASU will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 3 ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY 

Acquisition of Model Meals 

Model Meals was formed on May 1, 2015. Model Meals
provides prepackaged and prepared meals as a solution for time-constrained but discerning consumers focused on satisfying every member
of the family by offering a broad array of the highest quality meal planning, delivery, and preparation services. Products are customized
meal solutions, delivered fresh directly to the home and utilizes third-party food delivery services to fulfill customers orders. 

On July 6, 2021, the Company entered and closed
on an Agreement and Plan of Merger with the members of Model Meals, acquiring Model Meals through a reverse triangular merger, whereby
Model Meals merged with Model Meals Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, with Model Meals being the surviving
entity (the Acquisition ). As a result, Model Meals became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and the members of Model
Meals received an aggregate of 2,008,310 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 2,028,393 (see Note 1) and were paid 60,000
in cash. The shares are subject to a 24-month Lockup and Leak-Out Agreement and were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. The acquisition of Model Meals will allow the Company the ability to increase its customer base, geographic distribution area, and
prepared meals available on its ecommerce sights. 

Further, on August 12, 2021, the Company filed,
an amended current report Form 8-K/A, Model Meals (i) audited balance sheets and audited statement of operations as of December
31, 2020 and 2019 and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively; (ii) unaudited balance sheet and unaudited statement
of operations as of March 31, 2021 and for the three months ended March 31, 2021, respectively, and; (iii) unaudited pro forma combined
financial information derived by the application of pro forma adjustments to the historical consolidated financial statements of the Company
and Model Meals which gives effect to the Acquisition between the Company and Model Meals as if the Acquisition had occurred on January
1, 2020 with respect to the unaudited annual pro forma combined statement of operation, and as of January 1, 2021 for the three months
ended March 31, 2021 unaudited pro forma combined statement of operation, and as of March 31, 2021 with respect to the unaudited pro forma
combined balance sheets. 

F- 7 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

In connection with the Acquisition, the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at fair value on the acquisition date. The fair values are subject to adjustment during
measurement period with subsequent changes recognized in earnings or loss. These estimates are inherently uncertain and are subject to
refinement. Management develops estimates based on assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process to value the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed as of the business acquisition date. As a result, during the purchase price measurement period, which
may be up to one year from the business acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
with the corresponding offset to goodwill. After the purchase price measurement period, the Company will record any adjustments to assets
acquired or liabilities assumed in operating expenses in the period in which the adjustments may have been determined. Based upon the
purchase price allocation, the following table summarizes the preliminary fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at
the date of the acquisition: 

Total 
 
 Assets acquired: 

Current assets 
 97,140 
 
 Computer software 
 66,198 
 
 Customer relationships 
 43,000 
 
 Trademark 
 505,000 
 
 Goodwill 
 1,809,357 
 
 Total assets acquired at fair value 
 2,520,695 
 
 Less: total liabilities assumed 
 (432,302 
 
 Net asset acquired 
 2,088,393 

Purchase consideration paid: 

Fair value of common shares issued 
 2,028,393 
 
 Cash consideration 
 60,000 
 
 Total purchase consideration paid 
 2,088,393 

Goodwill recognized as a result of the acquisition
is not deductible for tax purposes. See Note 4 for additional information about other intangible assets. The recognized goodwill related
to Model Meals is directly attributable to synergies expected to arise after the acquisition. 

The following unaudited pro forma consolidated
results of operations for the nine months ended July 31, 2021 have been prepared as if the acquisition of Model Meals had occurred
as of the beginning of the period: 

Nine Months Ended 

July 31, 2021 

(Unaudited) 
 
 Net Revenues 
 2,485,615 
 
 Net Loss 
 (2,539,633 
 
 Net Loss per Share 
 (0.12 

Pro forma data does not purport to be indicative
of the results that would have been obtained had these events actually occurred at the beginning of the periods presented and is not intended
to be a projection of future results. 

NOTE 4 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

On July 6, 2021, the Company acquired Model Meals 
net assets with total fair value of 279,036, which includes computer software, customer relationships and trademarks, for a total consideration
of 2,088,393 (see Note 3). The excess consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired of 1,809,357 was recorded as goodwill. 

On June 24, 2021, the Company entered into a licensing
agreement License Agreement with a celebrity chef and majority member interest holder of Homemade Meals, LLC Homemade
Meals ). As a condition to finalizing the License Agreement, the Company executed a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the
 Member Agreement and issued an aggregate of 2,266,667 shares of common stock to other members of Homemade Meals with an
aggregate fair value of 2,969,334, based on the market price of common stock on the close date of October 25, 2021. The shares issued
to the other members were consideration to terminate an exclusivity and non-compete agreement the celebrity chef had with Homemade Meals.
Further, the Company issued the celebrity chef 2,000,000 shares of common stock with a fair value of 2,620,000, based on the market price
of common stock on the close date of Company s common stock. The Company s primary reason for acquiring the membership interests
in Homemade Meals was to terminate the non-compete agreement between the celebrity chef and Homemade Meals, thereby enabling the celebrity
chef to execute the License Agreement with the Company. At the time of execution of the Member Agreement, Homemade meals held no significant
assets and had no business operations, and the Member Agreement was solely executed to terminate the exclusivity and non-compete agreement
the celebrity chef had with Homemade Meals. The Company recorded the shares given to the celebrity chef and the members of Homemade Meals
has two separate transactions. 

F- 8 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

The Company and the celebrity chef (collectively
as Parties had a preexisting relationship and other arrangements before negotiations for the acquisition of Homemade Meals
and had planned to enter into a License Agreement during the negotiations, which is separate from the Member Agreement. Since ASC 805-50
includes only general principles related to accounting for an asset acquisition and in the absence of specific guidance, the Company analogized
to the guidance in ASC 805-10-25-20 through 25-21 Business Combination to identify and account for transactions that are
separate from a business combination. Under this guidance, the Company, when applying the acquisition method, recognized only the
consideration transferred to acquire the asset , the license. Any separate transactions were accounted for separately from acquisition
of the License Agreement in accordance with the relevant GAAP. 

Therefore, in accordance with ASC 805-10-25-21,
the Company accounted for the 2,000,000 shares of common stock with fair value of 2,620,000, based on the market price of common stock
on the acquisition date, issued to the celebrity chef as the cost of the License Agreement which was recorded as an intangible asset in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and will be amortized over the three-year term of the License Agreement. In addition, the
aggregate of 2,266,667 shares of common stock issued to other members with an aggregate fair value of 2,969,334, based on the market
price of common stock on the acquisition date, was accounted for as compensation to terminate the exclusivity and non-compete agreement
and was recorded as product development expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Goodwill 

Estimated Life 
 July 31, 2022 
 October 31, 2021 

(Unaudited) 

Goodwill 
 Indefinite 
 1,809,357 
 1,809,357 
 
 Less: impairment 

Goodwill, net 
 
 1,809,357 
 1,809,357 

Intangible Assets 

Estimated 
Life 
 
 July 31, 
2022 

October 31, 
2021 

(Unaudited) 

Computer software 
 
 3.5 years 

66,198 

66,198 

Customer relationships 
 
 7 years 

43,000 

43,000 

Trademark 
 
 Indefinite 

505,000 

505,000 

License agreement 
 
 3 years 

2,620,000 

2,620,000 

Total 

3,234,198 

3,234,198 

Less: accumulated amortization 

(683,719) 

(8,837) 
 
 Intangible assets, net 

2,550,479 

3,225,361 

Intangible assets with a finite life, net 

2,045,479 

2,720,361 

During the three and twelve months ended October
31, 2022, the Company recorded a total of 224,961 and 674,882, respectively, of amortization expense related to the intangible assets. 

Amortization of intangible assets attributable
to future periods is as follows: 

Year ending October 31: 
 
 Amount 

2022 

224,962 

2023 

899,845 

2024 

898,147 

2025 

6,143 

2026 

6,143 

2027 

6,143 

2028 

4,096 

Total 

2,045,479 

F- 9 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

NOTE 5 CONVERTIBLE NOTES 

On July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, convertible
notes consisted of the following: 

July 31, 2022 
 October 31, 2021 

(Unaudited) 

Principal amount 
 992,302 
 1,028,179 
 
 Add: put premium on stock-settled debt 
 83,058 
 - 
 
 Less: debt discount 
 (361,444 
 (477,541 
 
 Convertible notes payable, net 
 713,916 
 550,638 

Principal amount related party 
 
 63,069 
 
 Less: debt discount related party 
 
 (32,897 
 
 Convertible note payable - related party, net 
 
 30,172 

Total convertible notes payable, net 
 713,916 
 580,810 

January 2021 Financing 

January 2021 Note II 

On January 27, 2021, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement (the January 2021 SPA II with an investor for the sale of the Company s convertible
note. Pursuant to the January 2021 SPA II, the Company; (i) issued a convertible note with principal amount of 330,000 (the January
2021 Note II with the Company receiving 300,000 in net proceeds, net of 33,000 of OID recorded as a debt discount to be amortized
over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) issued 150,000 shares of common stock, subject to a true-up based upon the trading price
of the common stock and the investor s ownership limitations Commitment Share True-up (as discussed below under
 Commitment Share True-Up Provision) and; (iii) a warrant to purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock (the January 2021
Warrant II , and together with the January 2021 SPA II and the January 2021 Note II, the January 2021 Agreements II ).
The 150,000 shares of common stock and 150,000 warrants issued were valued at 85,981 and 31,821, respectively, using the relative fair
value method and the Commitment Share True-up had a fixed monetary value of 93,750, all recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over
the twelve-month term of the note. The January 2021 Note II matured on February 1, 2022 and a one-time interest charge of 8 was applied
on the issue date and will be payable on the maturity date. Upon an event of default, the outstanding balance will immediately and automatically
increase to 140 of the outstanding balance under the January 2021 Note II immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default
and becomes immediately due and payable. The Company made nine monthly cash payments Amortization Payments in the amount
of 39,600 beginning May 1, 2021. The investor may only convert the January 2021 Note II at any time or times on or after the occurrence
of an Event of Default. The January 2021 Note II was convertible at the rate equal to 105 of the lowest trading price occurring during
the twenty-five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date Conversion Price ). The
January 2021 Agreements II contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The January
2021 SPA II also provides the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request
that the Company include the issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of
1934, as amended. During the transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid 213,570 of principal and 24,030 of accrued
interest. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company paid the remaining 116,430 of principal and 2,370 of accrued interest.
As of July 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021, the January 2021 Note II had outstanding principal and accrued interest of 0 and 116,430,
respectively. 

The January 2021 Warrant II, issued to the investor
as commitment fee, provides for the right to purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock; (i) valued at 31,821 using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50;
(iii) subject to adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

F- 10 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

March 2021 Financings 

March 2021 Note I 

On March 22, 2021, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the March 2021 SPA I with an investor for the sale of the Company s convertible note.
Pursuant to the March 2021 SPA I, the Company; (i) issued a convertible note with principal amount of 55,000 (the March 2021 Note
I with the Company receiving 50,000 in net proceeds, net of 5,000 of OID recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the
twelve-month term of the note; (ii) issued 25,000 shares of common stock, subject to a true-up based upon the trading price of the common
stock and the investor s ownership limitations Commitment Share True-up (as discussed below under Commitment
Share True-Up Provision) and; (iii) a warrant to purchase up to 25,000 shares of common stock (the March 2021 Warrant I ,
and together with the March 2021 SPA I and the March 2021 Note I, the March 2021 Agreements I ). The 25,000 shares of common
stock and 25,000 warrant issued were valued at 6,949 and 1,346, respectively, using the relative fair value method and the Commitment
Share True-up had a fixed monetary value of 5,133, all recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the
note. The March 2021 Note I matured on March 1, 2022 and a one-time interest charge of 10 was applied on the issue date and will be payable
on the maturity date. Upon an event of default, the outstanding balance was immediately and automatically increase to 140 of the outstanding
balance under the March 2021 Note I immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default and becomes immediately due and payable.
The Company made nine monthly cash payments Amortization Payments ), in the amount of 6,455 due on the first day of each
month, beginning July 1, 2021. The investor may only convert the March 2021 Note I at any time or times on or after the occurrence of
an Event of Default. The March 2021 Note I was convertible at the rate equal to 105 of the lowest trading price occurring during the
twenty-five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date Conversion Price ). The March
2021 Agreements I contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The March 2021 SPA
I also provides the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company
include the issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended.
During the transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid 23,467 of the principal and 2,353 of accrued interest. During
the six months ending July 31, 2022, the Company paid the remaining 31,533 of the principal and 742 of accrued interest. As of July
31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the March 2021 Note I had outstanding principal of 0 and 31,533, respectively. 

The March 2021 Warrant I, issued to the investor
as a commitment fee, provides for the right to purchase up to 25,000 shares of common stock; (i) valued at 1,346 using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50;
(iii) subject to adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

March 2021 Note III Related Party 

On March 30, 2021, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the March 2021 SPA III with an investor, who is also a major stockholder and director and
considered to be a related party, for the sale of the Company s convertible note. Pursuant to the March 2021 SPA III, the Company;
(i) issued a convertible note with principal amount of 110,000 (the March 2021 Note III with the Company receiving 100,000
in net proceeds, net of 10,000 of OID recorded as a debt discount to be amortize over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) issued
50,000 shares of common stock, subject to a true-up based upon the trading price of the common stock and the investor s ownership
limitations Commitment Share True-up (as discussed below under Commitment Share True-Up Provision) and; (iii) a
warrant to purchase up to 50,000 shares of common stock (the March 2021 Warrant III , and together with the March 2021 SPA
III and the March 2021 Note III, the March 2021 Agreements III ). The 50,000 shares of common stock and 50,000 warrant issued
were valued at 23,718 and 7,924, respectively, using the relative fair value method and the Commitment Share True-up had a fixed monetary
value of 22,250, all recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note. The March 2021 Note III matured
on March 30, 2022 and a one-time interest charge of 10 was applied on the issue date and will be payable on the maturity date. Upon an
event of default, the outstanding balance will immediately and automatically increase to 140 of the outstanding balance under the March
2021 Note III immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default and becomes immediately due and payable. The Company made nine
monthly cash payments Amortization Payments ), in the amount of 12,911 due on the first day of each month, beginning July
1, 2021. The investor may only convert the March 2021 Note III at any time or times on or after the occurrence of an Event of Default.
The March 2021 Note III was convertible at the rate equal to 105 of the lowest trading price occurring during the twenty-five consecutive
trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date Conversion Price ). The March 2021 Agreements III
contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The March 2021 SPA III also provides
the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company include the
issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. During the
transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid 46,931 of principal and 4,714 of accrued interest. During the twelve months
ended October 31, 2022, the Company paid the remaining 63,069 of principal and 1,487 of accrued interest. As of July 31, 2022 and October
31, 2021, the March 2021 Note III had outstanding principal of 0 and 63,069 respectively. 

F- 11 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

The March 2021 Warrant III, issued to the investor
as a commitment fee, provides for the right to purchase up to 50,000 shares of common stock; (i) valued at 7,924 using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50;
(iii) subject to adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

March 2021 Note V 

On March 31, 2021, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the March 2021 SPA V with an investor for the sale of the Company s convertible note.
Pursuant to the March 2021 SPA V, the Company; (i) issued a convertible note with principal amount of 165,000 (the March 2021
Note V with the Company receiving 150,000 in net proceeds, net of 15,000 of OID recorded as a debt discount to be amortized
over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) issued 75,000 shares of common stock, subject to a true-up based upon the trading price of
the common stock and the investor s ownership limitations Commitment Share True-up (as discussed below under Commitment
Share True-Up Provision) and; (iii) a warrant to purchase up to 75,000 shares of common stock (the March 2021 Warrant V ,
and together with the March 2021 SPA V and the March 2021 Note V, the March 2021 Agreements V ). The 75,000 shares of common
stock and 75,000 warrant issued were valued at 36,499 and 12,352, respectively, using the relative fair value method and the Commitment
Share True-up had a fixed monetary value of 34,500, all recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the
note. The March 2021 Note V mature on March 1, 2022 and a one-time interest charge of 10 was applied on the issue date and will be payable
on the maturity date. Upon an event of default, the outstanding balance will immediately and automatically increase to 140 of the outstanding
balance under the March 2021 Note V immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default and becomes immediately due and payable.
The Company shall make nine monthly cash payments Amortization Payments ), in the amount of 20,167 due on the first
day of each month, beginning July 1, 2021. The investor may only convert the March 2021 Note V at any time or times on or after the occurrence
of an Event of Default. The March 2021 Note V was convertible at the rate equal to 105 of the lowest trading price occurring during the
twenty-five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date Conversion Price ). The March
2021 Agreements V contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The March 2021 SPA
V also provides the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company
include the issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended.
During the transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid 68,191 of principal and 12,477 of accrued interest. During
the twelve months ended October 31, 2022, the Company paid the remaining 96,809 of principal and 4,025 of accrued interest. As of July
31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the March 2021 Note V had outstanding principal of 0 and 96,809, respectively. 

The March 2021 Warrant V, issued to the investor
as a commitment fee, provides for the right to purchase up to 75,000 shares of common stock; (i) valued at 12,352 using the relative
fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of
 2.50; (iii) subject to adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

April 2021 Financing 

On April 7, 2021, the Company closed a Securities
Purchase Agreement dated March 29, 2021 (the April 2021 SPA with an investor for the sale of the Company s convertible
note. Pursuant to the April 2021 SPA, the Company; (i) issued a convertible note with principal amount of 165,000 (the April 2021
Note with the Company receiving 146,500 in net proceeds, net of 15,000 of OID and 3,500 of legal fees; (ii) issued 75,000 shares
of common stock, subject to a true-up based upon the trading price of the common stock and the investor s ownership limitations Commitment Share True-up and; (iii) issued warrant to purchase up to 75,000 shares of common stock (the April 2021
Warrant , and together with the April 2021 SPA and the April 2021 Note, the April 2021 Agreements ). The 75,000 shares
of common stock and 75,000 warrant issued were valued at 31,913 and 9,669, respectively, using the relative fair value method and the
Commitment Share True-up had a fixed monetary value of 27,375, recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term
of the note. The April 2021 Note I matured on March 30, 2022 and a one-time interest charge of 8 was applied on the issue date and will
be payable on the maturity date. Upon an event of default, the outstanding balance will immediately and automatically increase to 140 
of the outstanding balance under the April 2021 Note immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default and becomes immediately
due and payable. The Company made nine monthly cash payments Amortization Payments ), in the amount of 19,800 due on the
first day of each month, beginning July 1, 2021. The investor may only convert the April 2021 Note at any time or times on or after the
occurrence of an Event of Default. The April 2021 Note is convertible at the rate equal to 105 of the lowest trading price occurring
during the twenty-five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date Conversion Price ). The
April 2021 Agreements contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The April 2021
SPA also provides the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the
Company include the issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as
amended. During the transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid 69,316 of principal and 9,884 of accrued interest.
During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company paid the remaining 95,684 of principal and 3,316 of accrued interest. As of
July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the April 2021 Note had outstanding principal of 0 and 95,684, respectively. 

F- 12 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

The April 2021 Warrant, issued to the investor
as a commitment fee, provides for the right to purchase up to 75,000 shares of common stock; (i) valued at 9,669 using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50;
(iii) subject to adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

May 2021 Financings 

May 2021 Note I 

On May 17, 2021, the Company closed a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the May 2021 SPA I with an investor for the sale of the Company s convertible note. Pursuant
to the May 2021 SPA I, the Company (i) issued a convertible note with principal amount of 132,000 (the May 2021 Note I with the Company receiving 111,700 in net proceeds, net of 12,000 of OID and 8,300 of legal fees; (ii) issued 60,000 shares of common
stock (the First Commitment Shares as a commitment fee and shall issue 165,000 shares of common stock (the Second
Commitment Shares issued as a returnable commitment fee, accordingly, the Company deems the Second Commitment Shares as unissued
for accounting purposes and; (iii) issued a warrant to purchase up to 60,000 shares of common stock (the May 2021 Warrant I ,
and together with the May 2021 SPA I and the May 2021 Note I, the May 2021 Agreements I ). The 60,000 shares of common stock
and 60,000 warrant issued were valued at 26,824 and 9,767, respectively, using the relative fair value method and the Commitment Share
True-up had a fixed monetary value of 26,700, recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note. The
May 2021 Note I matured on May 10, 2022 and a one-time interest charge of 10 was applied on the issue date and will be payable on the
maturity date; in an event of default, the interest rate shall increase to 16 per annum. Upon an event of default, the outstanding balance
will immediately and automatically increase to 140 of the outstanding balance under the May 2021 Note I immediately prior to the occurrence
of the event of default and becomes immediately due and payable. The Company made nine monthly cash payments Amortization Payments ),
in the amount of 15,667 due on the first day of each month, beginning August 9, 2021. The investor may only convert the May 2021 Note
I at any time or times on or after the occurrence of an event of default. The May 2021 Note I is convertible at the rate equal to 105 
of the lowest trading price occurring during the twenty-five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion
date Conversion Price ). The May 2021 Agreements I contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with
this type of debt transaction. The May 2021 SPA I also provides the investor with certain piggyback registration rights,
permitting them to request that the Company include the issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company
under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. During the transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid 41,159 of principal
and 5,842 of accrued interest. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company paid the remaining 90,841 of principal and 3,161
of accrued interest. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the May 2021 Note I had outstanding principal of 0 and 90,841, respectively. 

The May 2021 Warrant I, issued to the investor
as a commitment fee, provides for the right to purchase up to 60,000 shares of common stock; (i) valued at 9,767 using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50;
(iii) subject to adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

May 2021 Note II 

On May 28, 2021, the Company closed a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the May 2021 SPA II with an investor for the sale of the Company s convertible note. Pursuant
to the May 2021 SPA II, the Company (i) issued a convertible note with principal amount of 285,000 (the May 2021 Note II with the Company receiving 250,000 in net proceeds, net of 28,500 of OID and 6,500 of legal fees; (ii) issued 150,000 shares of common
stock (the Commitment Shares as commitment fee and; (iii) issued warrant to purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock
(the May 2021 Warrant II , and together with the May 2021 SPA II and the May 2021 Note II, the May 2021 Agreements
II ). The 150,000 shares of common stock and 150,000 warrant issued were valued at 69,583 and 30,326, respectively, using the
relative fair value method, all recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note. The May 2021 Note
II matured on May 26, 2022 and a one-time interest charge of 10 was applied on the issue date and will be payable on the maturity date.
Upon an event of default, the outstanding balance will immediately and automatically increase to 140 of the outstanding balance under
the May 2021 Note II immediately prior to the occurrence of the event of default and becomes immediately due and payable. The Company
made nine monthly cash payments Amortization Payments ), in the amount of 31,350 due on the first day of each month, beginning
August 26, 2021. The investor may only convert the May 2021 Note II at any time or times on or after the occurrence of an event of default.
The May 2021 Note II is convertible at a conversion price of 0.70 Conversion Price ). The May 2021 Agreements II contain
other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The May 2021 SPA II also provides the investor
with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company include the issued shares
for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. During the transitional
period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid 48,219 of principal and 14,481 of accrued interest. During the nine months ended July
31, 2022, the Company paid 236,781 of principal and 14,019 of accrued interest. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the May 2021
Note II had outstanding principal of 0 and 236,781, respectively. 

F- 13 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

The May 2021 Warrant II, issued to the investor
as a commitment fee, provides for the right to purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock; (i) valued at 30,326 using the relative
fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of
 1.50; (iii) subject to adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

September 2021 Financings 

September 2021 Note I 

On September 1, 2021, the Company closed a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the September 2021 SPA I with an investor for the sale of the Company s convertible note. Pursuant
to the September 2021 SPA I, the Company (i) issued a convertible note with principal amount of 110,000 (the September 2021 Note
I with the Company receiving 100,000 in net proceeds, net of 10,000 of OID; (ii) issued 50,000 shares of common stock (the First
Commitment Shares as commitment fee and; (iii) issued warrant to purchase up to 50,000 shares of common stock (the September
2021 Warrant I , and together with the September 2021 SPA I and the September 2021 Note I, the September 2021 Agreements
I ). The 50,000 shares of common stock and 50,000 warrant issued were valued at 24,877 and 9,493, respectively, using the relative
fair value method, recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the nine-month term of the note. The September 2021 Note I matured
on June 1, 2022 and a one-time OID charge of 10 was applied on the issue date and will be payable on the maturity date. Upon an event
of default, the outstanding balance will immediately and automatically increase to 140 of the outstanding balance under the September
2021 Note I immediately prior to the occurrence of the event of default and becomes immediately due and payable. The Company made nine
monthly cash payments Amortization Payments ), in the amount of 13,444 due on the first day of each month, beginning October
1, 2021. The investor may only convert the September 2021 Note I at any time or times on or after the occurrence of an event of default.
The September 2021 Note I was convertible at the rate equal to 105 of the lowest trading price occurring during the twenty-five consecutive
trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date Conversion Price ). The September 2021 Agreements
I contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The September 2021 SPA I also provides
the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company include the
issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. During the
nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company paid 110,000 of principal and 10,996 of accrued interest. As of July 31, 2022 and October
31, 2021, the September 2021 Note I had outstanding principal of 0 and 110,000, respectively. 

The September 2021 Warrant I, issued to the investor
as a commitment fee, provides for the right to purchase up to 50,000 shares of common stock; (i) valued at 9,493 using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the nine-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50;
(iii) subject to adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

September 2021 Note II 

On September 8, 2021, the Company closed a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the September 2021 SPA II with an investor for the sale of the Company s convertible note. Pursuant
to the September 2021 SPA II, the Company (i) issued a convertible note with principal amount of 250,000 (the September 2021 Note
II with the Company receiving 218,250 in net proceeds, net of 25,000 of OID and 6,750 of legal fees; (ii) issued 114,000 shares
of common stock (the First Commitment Shares as commitment fee and; (iii) issued warrant to purchase up to 114,000 shares
of common stock (the September 2021 Warrant II , and together with the September 2021 SPA II and the September 2021 Note
II, the September 2021 Agreements II ). The 114,000 shares of common stock and 114,000 warrant issued were valued at 59,468
and 21,004, respectively, using the relative fair value method, recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term
of the note. The September 2021 Note II matured on August 1, 2022 and 10 of OID was applied on the issue date and will be payable on
the maturity date. Upon an event of default, the outstanding balance will immediately and automatically increase to 140 of the outstanding
balance under the September 2021 Note II immediately prior to the occurrence of the event of default and becomes immediately due and payable.
The Company shall make nine monthly cash payments Amortization Payments ), in the amount of 30,556 due on the first day
of each month, beginning December 1, 2021. If the first day of any calendar month is not on a business day, then the Company shall make
monthly payments on the next business day. The investor may only convert the September 2021 Note II at any time or times on or after the
occurrence of an event of default. The September 2021 Note II is convertible at the rate equal to 105 of the lowest trading price occurring
during the twenty-five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date Conversion Price ). 

F- 14 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

The September 2021 Agreements II contain other
provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The September 2021 SPA II also provides the investor
with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company include the issued shares
for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. During the nine months
ended July 31, 2022, the Company paid 219,875 of principal and 24,573 of accrued interest. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021,
the September 2021 Note II had outstanding principal of 30,125 and 250,000, respectively. 

The September 2021 Warrant II, issued to the investor
as commitment fee, provides for the right to purchase up to 114,000 shares of common stock; (i) valued at 21,004 using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50;
(iii) subject to adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

May 2022 Note I 

On May 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement May 2022 SPA I with an investor for the sale of the Company s convertible note. Pursuant to the
May 2022 SPA I, the Company; (i) issued a convertible note with principal amount of 500,000 May 2022 Note I with the
Company receiving 450,000 in net proceeds, net of 40,000 of OID and 10,000 of legal fees; (ii) issued warrants to purchase up to 769,231
shares of common stock May 2022 Warrant I ). The 869,565 warrants issued were valued at 93,641 using the relative fair
value method, recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note. The May 2022 Note I bears an annual
interest rate of 15 and matures on May 18, 2023. The May 2022 Note I is convertible at any time or times on or after the occurrence of
an event of default, at a price equal to 0.39, provided, however, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering (as defined in this
May 2022 Note I) within 180 calendar days after the issuance date, then the conversion price shall equal 75 of the Uplist Offering. If
the date of a respective conversion under the May 2022 Note I, is prior to the date of the Uplist Offering, then the Conversion Price
shall equal 0.39 per share. At any time prior to an event of default the Company shall have the option to pre-pay the outstanding
principal at an amount equal to 115 of the outstanding balance plus accrued. 

The May 2022 Warrant I issued to the investor,
provides for the right to purchase up to 869,565 shares of common stock; (i) valued at 93,641 using the relative fair value method and
recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the May 2022 Note I; (ii) exercisable at 0.575, provided, however,
upon the Uplist Offering, the exercise price shall equal 120 of the Uplist Offering; after 180 calendar days from the issuance date the
exercise price shall be 0.575; (iii) subject to adjustments and 4.99 ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the third-year anniversary
from the date of issuance. 

If the Company at any time while the May 2022
Note I and May 2022 Warrant I are outstanding, sell or grant any option to purchase, sell, grant any right to re-price, or otherwise dispose
of or issue any common stock or common stock equivalents (other than an exempt issuance as defined in the May 2022 Note I and May 2022
Warrant I), at a share price per less than the initial conversion and/or exercise price then the conversion and/or exercise price shall
be reduced equal to such price and the number of common stock and/or warrant shares issuable thereunder shall be increased. The May 2022
Note I and May 2022 Warrant I also provide the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request
that the Company include the shares issued upon conversion of the note or exercise of the warrant, respectively, for sale in certain registration
statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

As of July 31, 2022, the May 2022 Note I had outstanding
principal of 500,000. 

May 2022 Note II 

On May 24, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement May 2022 SPA II with an investor for the sale of the Company s convertible note. Pursuant to
the May 2022 SPA II, the Company; (i) issued a convertible note with principal amount of 125,000 May 2022 Note II with
the Company receiving 102,500 in net proceeds, net of 12,500 of OID and 10,000 of legal fees; (ii) issued warrants to purchase up to
217,391 shares of common stock May 2022 Warrant II ). The 217,391 warrants issued were valued at 24,902 using the relative
fair value method, recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note. The May 2022 Note II bears an annual
interest rate of 15 and matures on May 24, 2023. The May 2022 Note II is convertible at any time or times on or after the occurrence
of an event of default, at a price equal to the lower of; (i) 75 of the closing price of the common stock on the date of the investment,
and (ii) 90 of the lowest VWAP for the common stock during the five trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior
to the conversion date however if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering (as defined in the May 2022 Note II) within the 180 calendar
days after the issuance date, then the conversion price shall equal 75 of the offering price per share of common stock at which the Uplist
Offering is made. Unless otherwise adjusted pursuant to the terms of the May 2022 Note II, if the date of a conversion under the May 2022
Note II is prior to the date of the Uplist Offering, then the conversion price shall equal 0.345 per share. At any time prior to an event
of default the Company shall have the option to pre-pay the May 2022 Note II at an amount equal to 115 of the outstanding balance plus
accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding balance. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any event of default, the May
2022 Note II shall become immediately due and payable at an amount equal to 150 of the outstanding principal plus accrued and unpaid
interest and any default interest, if any. 

F- 15 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

The May 2022 Warrant II issued to the investor,
provides for the right to purchase up to 217,391 shares of common stock; (i) valued at 24,902 using the relative fair value method and
recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the May 2022 Note II; (ii) exercisable at 0.575, provided,
however, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering within 180 calendar days from the issuance date in which case the exercise
price shall be equal to 120 of the Uplist Offering price; after 180 calendar days from the issuance date the exercise price shall be
 0.575; (iii) subject to adjustments and 4.99 ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the third-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

If the Company at any time while the May 2022
Note II and May 2022 Warrant II are outstanding, sell or grant any option to purchase, sell, grant any right to re-price, or otherwise
dispose of or issue any common stock or common stock equivalents (other than an exempt issuance as defined in the May 2022 Note II and
May 2022 Warrant II), at a share price per less than the initial conversion and/or exercise price then the conversion and/or exercise
price shall be reduced equal to such price and the number of common stock and/or warrant shares issuable thereunder shall be increased. 

The May 2022 Note II and the May 2022 Warrant
II also provide the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company include
the shares issued upon conversion of the note or exercise of the warrant, respectively, for sale in certain registration statements filed
by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

As of July 31, 2022, the May 2022 Note II had
outstanding principal of 125,000. 

May 2022 Note III 

On May 24, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement May 2022 SPA III with an investor for the sale of the Company s convertible note. Pursuant to
the May 2022 SPA III, the Company; (i) issued a convertible note with principal amount of 182,927 May 2022 Note III with
the Company receiving 150,000 in net proceeds, net of 18,293 of OID and 14,634 of legal fees; (ii) issued warrants to purchase up to
318,134 shares of common stock May 2022 Warrant III ). The 318,134 warrants issued were valued at 36,442 using the relative
fair value method, recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note. The May 2022 Note III bears an
annual interest rate of 15 and matures on May 24, 2023. The May 2022 Note III is convertible at any time or times on or after the occurrence
of an event of default, at a price equal to the lower of; (i) 75 of the closing price of the common stock on the date of the investment,
and (ii) 90 of the lowest VWAP for the common stock during the five trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior
to the conversion date however if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering (as defined in the May 2022 Note III) within the 180 calendar
days after the issuance date, then the conversion price shall equal 75 of the offering price per share of common stock at which the Uplist
Offering is made. Unless otherwise adjusted pursuant to the terms of the May 2022 Note III, if the date of a conversion under the May
2022 Note III is prior to the date of the Uplist Offering, then the conversion price shall equal 0.345 per share. At any time prior to
an event of default the Company shall have the option to pre-pay the May 2022 Note III at an amount equal to 115 of the outstanding balance
plus accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding balance. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any event of default,
the May 2022 Note III shall become immediately due and payable at an amount equal to 150 of the outstanding principal plus accrued and
unpaid interest and any default interest, if any. Upon an event of default, at the option of the investor the conversion price shall equal
90 of the lowest VWAP for the common stock during the five-trading day period prior to the conversion date. 

The May 2022 Warrant III issued to the investor,
provides for the right to purchase up to 318,134 shares of common stock; (i) valued at 36,442 using the relative fair value method and
recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the May 2022 Note III; (ii) exercisable at 0.575 however if
the Company consummates an Uplist Offering within 180 calendar days from the issuance date in which case the exercise price shall be equal
to 120 of the Uplist Offering price; after 180 calendar days from the issuance date the exercise price shall be 0.575; (iii) subject
to adjustments and 4.99 ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the third-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

F- 16 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

If the Company at any time while the May 2022
Note III and May 2022 Warrant III are outstanding, sell or grant any option to purchase, sell, grant any right to re-price, or otherwise
dispose of or issue any common stock or common stock equivalents (other than an exempt issuance as defined in the May 2022 Note III and
May 2022 Warrant III), at a share price per less than the initial conversion and/or exercise price then the conversion and/or exercise
price shall be reduced equal to such price and the number of common stock and/or warrant shares issuable thereunder shall be increased.
The May 2022 Note III and the May 2022 Warrant III also provide the investor with certain piggyback registration rights,
permitting them to request that the Company include the shares issued upon conversion of the note or exercise of the warrant, respectively,
for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

As of July 31, 2022, the May 2022 Note III had
outstanding principal of 182,927. 

July 2022 Note 

On July 19, 2022 (the Issue Date ),
the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements dated as of July 19, 2022 (the July 2022 SPA ), by and between
the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, a Virginia limited liability company (the Investor ). Pursuant to the July
2022 SPA, among other things, the Company agreed to issue to the Investor a convertible note in the original principal amount of 154,250
(the July 2022 Note ). Upon closing, the Company received 138,000 in net proceeds from the Investor, which was net
of 16,250 of legal fees. 

The July 2022 Note accrues interest at an
annual interest rate of 8 , has a default interest rate of 22 , and matures on January 19, 2024 (the Maturity Date ).
The Investor may convert the July 2022 Note into shares of the Company s common stock 180 days after the Issue Date until the later
of (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date the Company pays any amounts owed in connection with an event of default. The per share conversion
price into which the July 2022 Note is convertible into shares of common stock (the Conversion Price is 65 multiplied
by the average of the lowest two closing bid prices for the common stock during the ten trading days ending on the last trading day prior
to the conversion date. 

The Company has the right to prepay the outstanding
principal amount of the Note, plus any accrued interest on the outstanding principal (including any default interest) at a rate of (x)
120 during the period ending 120 days after the Issue Date and (y) 125 during the period between 121 days and 180 days after the Issue
Date. The Company does not have a prepayment right following the expiration of the 180-day period. 

Upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of any event of default under the Note, the Note becomes immediately due and payable and the Company is obligated to pay the Investor
in full satisfaction of its obligations thereunder an amount equal to the greater of (i) the principal amount then outstanding plus accrued
interest (including any default interest) through the date of full repayment multiplied by 150 and (ii)(a) the highest number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the default sum at the Conversion Price, multiplied by (b) the highest closing price for the
Common Stock during the period beginning on the date of first occurrence of the event of default and ending one day prior to the mandatory
prepayment date. 

The obligations under the July 2022 Note are not secured by any assets
of the Company. 

The July 2022 SPA and July 2022 Note agreements
contain other provisions, covenants and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. Furthermore, the Company is subject to
negative covenants under the Agreements, which the Company also believes are also customary for transactions of this type. 

The July 2022 Note was treated as stock settled
debt under ASC 480-Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, and a put premium of 83,058 was recognized and charged to interest expense. 

As of July 31, 2022, the July 2022 Note had an
outstanding balance of 237,308 which included principal of 154,250 and a put premium of 83,058. 

F- 17 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

Valuation of Warrants 

The Company uses the Binomial Valuation Model
to determine the fair value of its stock warrants which requires the Company to make several key judgments including: 

the
value of the Company s common stock; 

the
expected life of issued stock warrants; 

the
expected volatility of the Company s stock price; 

the
expected dividend yield to be realized over the life of the stock warrants; and 

the
risk-free interest rate over the expected life of the stock warrants. 

The Company s computation of the expected
life of issued stock warrants was based on the simplified method as the Company does not have adequate exercise experience to determine
the expected term. The interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The computation of volatility
was based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. 

Commitment Share True-Up Provision 

The March Financings, April 2021 Financing and
May 2021 Note I (collectively as Notes ), as discussed above, included a Commitment Share True-Up provision whereby if during
the period beginning on the six-month anniversary of the date of the closing date and ending on the later of (i) the maturity date, or
(ii) the date on which the Notes, is fully satisfied and cancelled (the True-Up Period ), the then lowest traded price of
the Company s common stock Common Stock for any Trading Day within the True-Up Period Subsequent Share Price ),
as reported on the Company s principal market, is less than the closing price of the Company s common stock on the closing
date of each Note, then the Company shall, within three (3) trading days of holder s provision of written notice in True-Up
Notice ), issue and deliver to the holder an additional number of duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares
of Common Stock equal to (X) the quotient of the Commitment Value (as defined below) divided by the Subsequent Share Price, multiplied
by 1.5, less (Y) the Commitment Shares. The Commitment Value shall mean the product of the Commitment Shares multiplied
by the closing price of the Company s common stock on the Closing Date of each Note. Any additional shares of Common Stock issuable
as defined in the Notes True-up Shares ), if required to be issued shall be issued provided however, that in no event shall
the holder be entitled to receive shares of common stock in excess of the amount that would result in beneficial ownership by the holder
and its affiliates of 4.99 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock at that time. For purposes of the provision to the immediately preceding
sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder. The Company shall at all times reserve shares of its Common Stock
for Holder in an amount equal to 300 multiplied by (X) the quotient of the Commitment Value divided by the lowest traded price of the
Common Stock during the five Trading Days immediately preceding the respective date of calculation, multiplied by 1.5, less (Y) the Original
Shares. At the inception of the respective Notes, the value of the true-up shares is based on a fixed monetary amount known at inception
to be settled with a variable number of shares if triggered which reflects stock settled debt. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022,
the Company fully repaid all Notes that included the Commitment Share True-Up Provision resulting in the reduction in the accrued True-up
Shares of 209,688 which was netted with the interest expense in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statement of operations. As of
July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the Commitment Share True-up had an aggregate fixed monetary value of 0 and 209,688, respectively,
which is reflected as liability to be settled with common stock in the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets. 

Derivative Liabilities Pursuant to Convertible Notes 

In connection with the issuance of the March 2021
Financings, April 2021 Financing, May 2021 Financings, September 2021 Financings and May 2022 Financings (collectively referred to as
 Notes ), the Company determined that the terms of the Notes contain redemption features to be accounted for as derivative
liabilities pursuant to ASC 815-15-25-42 as the redemption feature is not clearly closely related to the debt host. Accordingly, under
the provisions of ASC 815-40 Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in an Entity s Own Stock , the embedded conversion
option contained in the convertible instruments were accounted for as derivative liabilities at the date of issuance and shall be adjusted
to fair value through earnings at each reporting date. The fair value of the embedded conversion options was determined using the Monte
Carlo valuation model. At the end of each period and on note conversion date or repayment, the Company revalues the derivative liabilities
resulting from the embedded option. 

In connection with the issuance of the May 2022
Notes, on the initial measurement date, the fair values of the embedded conversion option of 122,177 was recorded as derivative liabilities
and debt discount. 

On July 31, 2022, the Company revalued the embedded
conversion option derivative liabilities. In connection with these revaluations, the Company recorded a gain from the change in the derivative
liabilities fair value of 55,855 for the nine months ended July 31, 2022. 

F- 18 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the
fair value of the derivative liabilities were estimated using the Monte Carlo Valuation Model with the following assumptions (see Note
2): 

July 31, 
2022 

Dividend rate 

Term (in years) 

0.09 to 0.50 

Volatility 

55 to 90 

Risk free interest rate 

0.04 to 2.90 

Default probability 

10.0 to 12.5 

Probability of uplist offering 

50 

For the nine months ended July 31, 2022 and 2021,
amortization of debt discounts related to the convertible notes amounted to 388,145 and 817,922 and, included as interest expense on
the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations. On July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the unamortized debt discount
was 361,444 and 510,438, respectively. 

NOTE 6 NOTES PAYABLE 

Notes payable is summarized below: 

July 31, 2022 
 October 31, 2021 

(Unaudited) 

Principal amount 
 306,900 
 306,900 
 
 Less: current portion 
 (17,198 
 (15,361 
 
 Notes payable long-term portion 
 289,702 
 291,539 

Minimum principal payments under notes payable
are as follows: 

Year ended October 31, 2022 (remaining) 
 15,620 
 
 Year ended October 31, 2023 
 6,369 
 
 Year ended October 31, 2024 
 6,608 
 
 Year ended October 31, 2025 
 6,859 
 
 Thereafter 
 271,444 
 
 Total principal payments 
 306,900 

Economic Injury Disaster Loan 

On May 20, 2020, the Company entered into a Loan
Authorization and Agreement SBA Loan Agreement with the SBA, under the SBA s Economic Injury Disaster Loan assistance
program in light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Pursuant to the SBA Loan Agreement, the Company received an advanced of 149,900,
net of 100 processing fee, to be used for working capital purposes only. Pursuant to the SBA Loan Agreement, the Company executed; (i)
a note for the benefit of the SBA SBA Note ), which contains customary events of default; and (ii) a Security Agreement,
granting the SBA a security interest in all tangible and intangible personal property of the Company, which also contains customary events
of default. The SBA Note bears an interest rate of 3.75 per annum which accrue from the date of the advance. Instalment payments in the
amount of 731, including principal and interest, are due monthly beginning May 20, 2021 (twelve months from the date of the SBA Note).
The balance of principal and interest is payable thirty years from the date of the SBA Note. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021,
the SBA Note had outstanding principal balance of 149,900. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the SBA Note had an accrued interest
of 12,360 and 8,152, respectively, reflected in the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets under accrued expense and other
liabilities. 

On June 17, 2020, the Company entered into a Loan
Authorization and Agreement SBA Loan Agreement with the SBA, under the SBA s Economic Injury Disaster Loan assistance
program in light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Pursuant to the SBA Loan Agreement, the Company received an advanced of 150,000,
to be used for working capital purposes only. Pursuant to the SBA Loan Agreement, the Company executed; (i) a note for the benefit of
the SBA SBA Note ), which contains customary events of default; and (ii) a Security Agreement, granting the SBA a security
interest in all tangible and intangible personal property of the Company, which also contains customary events of default. The SBA Note
bears an interest rate of 3.75 per annum which accrue from the date of the advance. Instalment payments, including principal and interest,
are due monthly beginning June 17, 2021 (twelve months from the date of the SBA Note) in the amount of 731. The balance of principal
and interest is payable thirty years from the date of the SBA Note. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the SBA Note had an outstanding
principal balance of 150,000. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the SBA Note had accrued interest of 11,927 and 7,721, respectively,
reflected in the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets under accrued expense and other liabilities. 

F- 19 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

November Note Payable 

On November 12, 2020, the Company entered into
a Note Agreement with an investor for the sale of the Company s note (the Note ). Pursuant to the terms provided for
in the Note Agreement, the Company issued to the investor a Note and the Company received proceeds in the amount of 7,000. The Note bears
an interest of 5 per annum and matured on November 12, 2021. This Note is currently in default. As of October 31, 2021, the Note had
an outstanding principal balance of 7,000 and accrued interest of 338 and as of July 31, 2022, the Note had an outstanding principal
balance of 7,000 and accrued interest of 600, reflected in the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets under accrued expense
and other liabilities. 

NOTE 7 ADVANCE PAYABLE 

On July 9, 2021, the Company entered into a capital
advance agreement with Shopify July Advance Agreement ). Under the terms of the July Advance Agreement, the Company has
received 95,000 of principal and will repay 107,350 by remitting 17 of the total customer payments processed daily by the e-commerce
platform provider until the advance is repaid in full. During the transition period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid 27,055
of the outstanding balance. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company repaid all remaining outstanding balance of 67,945. 

On August 31, 2021, the Company entered into a
capital advance agreement with Shopify August Advance Agreement ). Under the terms of the August Advance Agreement, the
Company has received 34,000 of principal and will repay 38,420 by remitting 17 of the total customer payments processed daily by the
e-commerce platform provider until the advance is repaid in full. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company repaid all remaining
outstanding balance of 34,000. 

On April 5, 2022, the Company entered into a capital
advance agreement with PayPal PayPal Advance Agreement I ). Under the terms of the PayPal Advance Agreement I, the Company
received 25,000 of principal and will repay 27,502 by remitting 30 of the total customer payments processed daily by the e-commerce
platform provider until the advance is repaid in full. The Company recorded 2,502 of debt discount which was amortized immediately to
interest expense. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company paid 15,822 of the outstanding balance. The advance has an
outstanding balance of 11,680 as of July 31, 2022, reflected as advance payable on the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance
sheet. 

On April 6, 2022, the Company entered into a capital
advance agreement with Shopify April Advance Agreement I ). Under the terms of the April Advance Agreement I, the Company
received 23,000 of principal and will repay 25,990 by remitting 17 of the total customer payments processed daily by the e-commerce
platform provider until the advance is repaid in full. The Company recorded 2,990 of debt discount which was amortized immediately to
interest expense. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company repaid all remaining outstanding balance of 25,990. 

On April 6, 2022, the Company entered into a capital
advance agreement with Shopify April Advance Agreement II ). Under the terms of the April Advance Agreement II, the Company
received 120,000 of principal and will repay 135,600 by remitting 17 of the total customer payments processed daily by the e-commerce
platform provider until the advance is repaid in full. The Company recorded 15,600 of debt discount which was amortized immediately to
interest expense. Additionally, on April 6, 2022, the Company entered into a capital advance agreement with Shopify April Advance
Agreement III ). Under the terms of the April Advance Agreement III, the Company received 42,000 of principal and will repay 47,460
by remitting 30 of the total customer payments processed daily by the e-commerce platform provider until the advance is repaid in full.
The Company recorded 5,460 of debt discount which was amortized immediately to interest expense. During the nine months ended July 31,
2022, the Company paid 48,043 of the April Advance Agreement II and III. The advance has an outstanding balance of 135,017 as of July
31, 2022, reflected as advance payable on the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheet. 

On April 16, 2022, the Company entered into a
capital advance agreement with Shopify April Advance Agreement IV ). Under the terms of the April Advance Agreement III,
the Company received 110,000 of principal and will repay 124,300 by remitting 17 of the total customer payments processed daily by
the e-commerce platform provider until the advance is repaid in full. The Company recorded 14,300 of debt discount which was amortized
immediately to interest expense. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company paid 27,433 of the April Advance Agreement IV.
The advance has an outstanding balance of 96,867 as of July 31, 2022, reflected as advance payable on the accompanying unaudited
consolidated balance sheet. 

F- 20 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

NOTE 8 UNREDEEMED GIFT CARDS 

Unredeemed gift cards activities as of July 31,
2022 and October 31, 2021 are summarized as follows: 

July 31, 2022 
 October 31, 2021 

(Unaudited) 

Beginning balance 
 164,912 
 48,311 
 
 Acquired gift card liability (see Note 3) 
 
 87,260 
 
 Sale of gift cards 
 121,603 
 186,749 
 
 Promotional and other gift cards issued 
 84,250 
 - 
 
 Revenue from breakage 
 (22,810 
 (60,515 
 
 Gift card redemptions 
 (113,323 
 (96,893 
 
 Ending balance 
 234,632 
 164,912 

NOTE 9 LEASE LIABILITIES 

Operating Lease Right-of-Use ROU Asset and Operating Lease Liabilities 

On July 6, 2021, the
Company acquired Model Meals (see Note 3), which had a lease agreement for its facility in Santa Ana, California which expired in December
2021 (see Note 12) and had remaining operating right-of-use asset and liability of 76,136 and 79,054, respectively. Pursuant to the
lease agreement, the lease required the Company to pay a monthly base rent of 14,140 for the remainder of the lease term. 

On June 1, 2021, the
Company entered into a lease agreement, effective July 13, 2021, for its facility in Pembroke Pine, Florida. The lease is for a period
of 36 months commencing in July 2021 and expiring in July 2024. Pursuant to the lease agreement, the Company shall pay a monthly base
rent of; (i) 8,062 in the first year; (ii) 8,465 in the second year and; (iii) 8,888 in the third year. 

On November 11, 2021,
the Company renewed its lease agreement Renewed Lease Agreement for their California kitchen facility, effective on January
1, 2022. The Renewed Lease Agreement provides for (i) a term of six months from the effective date which terminated on June 30, 2022;
(ii) a monthly base rent of 9,960 and; (iii) a monthly storage fee of 2,340. The Renewed Lease Agreement can be terminated with two
months notice. The Company has elected not to recognize right-of-use ROU assets and lease liabilities for short-term
leases that have a term of 12 months or less (see Note 2). As of July 1, 2022, the Company is leasing storage space on a month-to month
basis and is no longer operating the kitchen at this facility. 

For the nine months ended July 31, 2022, total
rent expense amounted to 182,043 which is included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying unaudited consolidated
statements of operations. 

The significant assumption used to determine the
present value of the operating lease liabilities was a discount rate of 10 which was based on the Company s estimated incremental
borrowing rate. 

On July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, operating lease right-of-use assets is summaries below: 

July 31, 2022 
 October 31, 2021 

(Unaudited) 

Operating ROU assets 
 336,614 
 336,614 
 
 Less accumulated reductions 
 (153,736 
 (68,105 
 
 Balance of Operating ROU assets, net 
 182,878 
 268,509 

F- 21 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

Operating lease liabilities
related to the Operating ROU assets is summarized below: 

July
31, 
2022 
 October 31, 2021 

(Unaudited) 

Operating lease liabilities 
 339,532 
 339,532 
 
 Reduction of operating lease liabilities 
 (151,738 
 (71,178 
 
 Total 
 187,794 
 268,354 
 
 Less: short term portion 
 (86,699 
 (101,431 
 
 Long term portion 
 101,095 
 166,923 

Future minimum operating
lease payments under the operating lease agreements on July 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Year 
 Amount 
 
 Ending October 31, 2022 (remaining) 
 25,394 
 
 Ending October 31, 2023 
 102,846 
 
 Ending October 31, 2024 
 79,991 
 
 Total minimum non-cancellable operating lease payments 
 208,231 
 
 Less: discount to fair value 
 (20,437 
 
 Total operating lease liabilities on July 31, 2022 
 187,794 

Financing Lease Right-of-Use ROU Assets and Financing Lease Liability 

On July 13, 2021, the
Company entered into a financing agreement with a lessor for the purchase of equipment. Pursuant to the financing agreement, the Company
shall make a monthly payment of 6,500 for a period of 36 months commencing in August 2021 through August 2024. The monthly payment shall
consist of 6,000 cash and 500 in gift card allowance, reflected in the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheet under accrued
expense and other liabilities . At the effective date of the financing agreement, the Company recorded a financing lease payable of
 200,509. 

The significant assumption used to determine the
present value of the financing lease liability was a discount rate of 10 which was based on the Company s estimated incremental
borrowing rate. 

Financing right-of-use Financing ROU asset is summarized below: 

July
31, 
2022 
 October 31, 2021 

(Unaudited) 

Financing ROU assets 
 200,509 
 200,509 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 (69,621 
 (19,494 
 
 Balance of financing ROU assets, net 
 130,888 
 181,015 

For the three and nine
months ended July 31, 2022, depreciation expense related to Financing ROU assets amounted to 16,709 and 50,127, respectively. 

Financing lease liability
related to the Financing ROU assets is summarized below: 

July 31, 2022 
 October 31, 2021 

(Unaudited) 

Financing lease payables for equipment 
 200,509 
 200,509 
 
 Reduction of financing lease liability 
 (59,648 
 (13,650 
 
 Total 
 140,861 
 186,859 
 
 Less: short term portion 
 (66,926 
 (62,210 
 
 Long term portion 
 73,935 
 124,649 

F- 22 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

Future minimum lease
payments under the financing lease agreement on July 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Year 
 Amount 
 
 Year ending October 31, 2022 (remaining) 
 19,500 
 
 Year ending October 31, 2023 
 78,000 
 
 Year ending October 31, 2024 
 58,500 
 
 Total minimum non-cancellable financing lease payments 
 156,000 
 
 Less: discount to fair value 
 (15,139 
 
 Total financing lease liabilities on July 31, 2022 
 140,861 

NOTE 10 RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND
TRANSACTIONS 

The Company utilizes the shipping carrier account
of a related entity, owned 50 by the Company s current chief executive officer and principal stockholder for its inbound and outbound
shipping needs. The related entity bills the Company for the direct cost of the shipping charges plus a 10 fee. The total amount incurred
and paid to the related entity during the nine months ended July 31, 2022 and 2021 was 288,731 and 121,008, respectively, which is included
in cost of goods sold in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statement of operations. There were no amounts due to this related party
for these services as of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021. 

See also related party convertible note in Note
5 March 2021 Note III Related Party. 

See consulting agreement in Note 12 
 Consulting Agreement Related Party 

NOTE 11 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 shares of common stock
with a par value of 0.001. 

Common Stock 

Shares Authorized 

The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000,000
shares of common stock with a par value of 0.001. 

Common Stock Issued for Cash 

During the nine months ended July 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,206,605 shares of common stock, to non-affiliate investors for aggregate net cash proceeds of 866,770. 

During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,932,204 shares of common stock, to non-affiliate investors for aggregate net cash proceeds of 1,368,492. 

Common Stock Issued for Services and Prepaid
Services 

On April 1, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 1,800,000 or 0.90 per share based on the market price of common stock on grant date, to a consultant pursuant to a consulting agreement. The fair value of the common stock was recorded in equity as deferred compensation which will be amortized over the twelve-month service period. During the twelve months ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company amortized 750,000 and 600,000 of the deferred compensation related to this consulting agreement, respectively, which was charged to professional and consulting fee in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, there was 0 and 750,000, respectively, of deferred compensation related to this consulting agreement. 

On November 8, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 600,000 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 726,000 or 1.21 per share based on the market price of common stock on grant date, to a consultant pursuant to a consulting agreement. The fair value of the common stock was recorded in equity as deferred compensation which will be amortized over the six-month service period. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company amortized the 726,000 of the deferred compensation which was charged to professional and consulting fee in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations. As of July 31, 2022, there was no deferred compensation related to this consulting agreement. 

F- 23 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

During the twelve months ended October 31, 2022, the Company granted 60,000 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 60,600 or 1.01 per share based on the market price of common stock on grant date, to a consultant for services. The grant fair value of the common stock of 60,600 was charged to professional and consulting fee in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations. 

Common Stock for Commitment Fee with Convertible
Notes Payable 

In December 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of 119,535 shares of common stock valued at 38,264 using the relative fair value method to two non-affiliate investors as a commitment fee in connection with the December 2020 Financings which was recorded as debt discount which will be amortized over the life of the notes. 

On January 12, 2021, the Company issued 29,385 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee, pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, valued at 17,296 using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

On February 3, 2021, the Company issued 150,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee, pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, valued at 85,981 using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

On March 22, 2021, the Company issued 25,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, valued at 6,949 using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

On March 29, 2021, the Company issued 50,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, valued at 24,504 using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

On March 30, 2021, the Company issued 50,000 shares of common stock to a related party investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, valued at 23,718 using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

On March 30, 2021, the Company issued 25,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, valued at 11,845 using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

On March 31, 2021, the Company granted 75,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, valued at 36,499 using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

On April 7, 2021, the Company granted 75,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, valued at 30,694 using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

On May 17, 2021, the Company granted 60,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at 26,824 using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

On May 28, 2021, the Company granted 150,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at 67,645 using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

During the twelve months ended October 31, 2022, the Company granted 45,989 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 29,879 or 0.65 per share based on the market price of common stock on grant date, to a convertible note holder as a commitment fee. The grant fair value of the common stock of 29,879 was charged to interest expense in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations. 

F- 24 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

Common Stock Issued Pursuant to Lock-Up
 Leak Out Agreements 

During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company issued as consideration, to several stockholders, an aggregate of 516,748 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 554,273 or an average per share price of 1.07, based on the market price of common stock on grant date, for the stockholders execution of a Lock-Up Leak Out Agreement. The grant date fair value of the common stock was initially recorded in equity as deferred compensation and is being amortized over the lock up period of three-to-four- months through July 31, 2022. During the twelve months ended October 31, 2022, the Company amortized 670,212 including 115,939 of deferred compensation as of October 31, 2021, of deferred compensation which was recorded as professional and consulting expenses in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statement of operations. As of July 31, 2022, there were no deferred compensation related to the Lock-Up Leak Out Agreements. 

On May 1, 2022, the Company issued as consideration to a related party stockholder 25,000 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 27,500, or 1.10 per share, based on the market price of common stock on grant date, for the stockholder s execution of a Lock-Up Leak Out Agreement. In connection with this issuance, on May 1, 2022, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees related party of 27,500. 

Common Stock Issued Pursuant to Product
Development Agreements 

During the three months ended January 31, 2022, the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 100,000 based on the fair value of common stock on the date of grant, pursuant to an agreement which was recorded as deferred compensation and is being amortized over the 2-year term of the agreement. During the twelve months ended October 31, 2022, 370,677 of the accumulated deferred compensation was expensed as product development expense in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations related to shares issued in the prior and current period connection with joint product development agreements. As of July 31, 2022, there was 237,603 of deferred compensation related to the product development agreements. 

Common Stock Issued Pursuant to Stock-Based
Compensation 

On April 29, 2021, the Company issued 25,000 shares of common stock with an aggregate grant date fair value of 24,750 or 0.99 per share based on the market price of common stock on grant date, to a board member for services rendered and was charged to compensation and related expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Common Stock Issued for Acquisition of Subsidiary 

On July 6, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,008,310 shares of common stock with fair value of 2,028,393, based on the market price of common stock on date of acquisition, to members of Model Meals, LLC in exchange for 100 membership, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (see Note 1 and Note 3). 

Common Stock Issued for Warrant Exchange
Agreements 

On May 1, 2022, in connection with the settlement of a down round exercise price trigger, the Company entered into a warrant exchange agreement with various warrant holders (collectively as Parties pursuant to which the Parties exercised an aggregate of 922,495 warrants with initial exercise price of 2.50 issued between January to September 2021, at an agreed upon reduced exercise price of 0.75 with the Company issuing an aggregate of 3,048,917 shares of common stock in exchange for the outstanding warrants and no cash consideration. In connection with this warrant exchange, the Company recorded a deemed dividend of 2,578,446, which was calculated as the fair value of excess shares issued to the Parties with a grant date fair value of 2,578,446, or 0.51 per share, based on the market price of common stock on grant date. 

On June 30, 2022, in connection with a lock-up and leak out settlement agreement, the Company issued 674,100 shares of its common stock in connection with the cashless exercise of 674,100 warrants and no cash consideration. The 674,100 had grant date fair value of 195,490 or 0.29 per share based on the market price of common stock on grant date. In connection with this cashless exercise of warrants, the Company recorded settlement expense of 195,490. 

Common stock issued pursuant to settlement
agreements 

On June 30, 2022, pursuant to a stock repurchase and settlement agreement and a lock-up and settlement agreement, the Company issued an aggregate of 585,000 shares of its common stock with grant date fair value of 169,650, or 0.29 per share, based on the market price of common stock on grant date, for the stockholders execution of a Lock-Up Leak Out Agreement. In connection with these agreements, the Company recorded settlement expense of 185,344. In connection with the stock repurchase and settlement agreement the Company agreed to repurchase 166,667 shares of its common stock from an investor for 150,000. In connection with this agreement the Company recorded a common stock repurchase obligation of 150,000 and reduced additional paid-in capital by 150,000. In July 2022, the Company paid 50,000 towards this common stock repurchase agreement. On July 31, 2022, the common stock repurchase obligation related to this agreement amounted to 100,000. 

F- 25 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

Stock Warrants 

Warrants Issued Pursuant to Stock-Based
Compensation 

On March 25, 2022, the Company issued to two executives fully vested warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock, in connection with their employment agreements dated March 25, 2022. These warrants are exercisable, in whole or in part, upon issuance at 0.001 per share, and expire on March 25, 2027. These warrants have an aggregate grant date fair value of 374,560 or 1.50 per share based on the market price of common stock on grant date, recorded as compensation expense in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations. 

Warrants Issued for Professional Services

During the three months ended January 31, 2021, the Company issued fully vested warrants to purchase up to 10,640 shares of the Company s common stock to a third-party entity in connection with a consulting agreement. This warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part, upon issuance at 1.27 per share, and expires on December 8, 2025. These warrants have a grant date fair value of 11,471, recorded as professional and consulting expenses in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations. 

During the three months ended January 31, 2022, the Company issued fully vested warrants to purchase up to 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock to a third-party entity in connection with a consulting agreement. This warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part, upon issuance at 1.50 per share, and expires on May 18, 2025. These warrants have a grant date fair value of 36,777, recorded as professional and consulting expenses in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations. 

Warrants for Commitment Fee with Convertible
Notes Payable 

On January 12, 2021, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 55,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as an additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment. The warrant; (i) was valued at 6,173 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

On February 2, 2021, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as an additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment. The warrant; (i) was valued at 31,821 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

On March 22, 2021, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 25,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment. The warrant; (i) was valued at 1,346 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

On March 25, 2021, the Company issued warrant to purchase up to 78,250 shares of common to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment. The warrant; (i) was valued at 4,744 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

On March 29, 2021, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 50,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment. The warrant; (i) was valued at 8,350 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

On March 29, 2021, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 50,000 shares of common stock to a related party investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment. The warrant; (i) was valued at 7,924 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

On March 30, 2021, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 25,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment. The warrant; (i) was valued at 3,957 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

F- 26 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

On March 31, 2021, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 75,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment. The warrant; (i) was valued at 12,352 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

On April 7, 2021, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 75,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as an additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment. The warrant; (i) was valued at 9,592 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

On May 17, 2021, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 60,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at 9,767 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 2.50; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

On May 28, 2021, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at 30,328 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 1.50; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

On May 18, 2022, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 869,565 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a convertible (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at 93,641 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 0.575; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the third-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

On May 24, 2022, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 217,391 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a convertible (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at 24,902 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 0.575; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the third-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

On May 24, 2022, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 318,134 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a convertible (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at 36,442 using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of 0.575; (iii) subject to the adjustments and 4.99 , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the third-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

The Company used the Binomial pricing model to
determine the fair value of its common stock warrants which requires the Company to make several key judgments including: 

the expected life of issued stock warrants; 

the expected volatility of the Company s stock price; 

the expected dividend yields to be realized over the life of the stock warrants; and 

the risk-free interest rate over the expected life of the stock warrants. 

The Company s computation of the expected
life of issued stock warrants was based on the simplified method as the Company does not have adequate exercise experience to determine
the expected term and was estimated to be 2 years. The interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time
of grant. The computation of volatility was based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock and the Company s
expected divided yield was estimated to be zero. 

Dividend rate 

Term (in years) 
 2.5 to 5 years 
 
 Volatility 
 61 
to 69 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 0.14 
to 2.80 

F- 27 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

A summary of the Company s outstanding stock
warrants as of July 31, 2022 and changes during the period ended are presented below: 

Number of Stock Warrants 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
 
 Balance on October 31, 2021 
 15,745,066 
 0.170 
 7.4 
 
 Warrants issued for services 
 100,000 
 1.500 
 4.1 
 
 Warrants issued pursuant to employment agreements 
 500,000 
 0.001 
 4.9 
 
 Warrants issued in connection with convertible debt 
 1,405,090 
 0.575 
 3.0 
 
 Warrants exercised 
 (1,596,595 
 1.350 

Balance on July 31, 2022 
 16,153,561 
 0.090 
 6.4 

Stock warrants exercisable on July 31, 2022 
 16,153,561 
 0.090 
 6.4 

Certain exercisable stock warrants had per share
intrinsic value of 0.22 on July 31, 2022, totaling 2,876,945. 

NOTE 12 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Employment Agreement 

On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into an
employment agreement Duchman Employment Agreement with Zalmi Scher Duchman to serve as the Company s Chief Executive
Officer. The Duchman Employment Agreement has a term of three years Term from the effective date and provides for (i)
an annual salary of 120,000 and (ii) a one-time warrant grant of 2,000,000 shares of common stock, with grant a date fair value of 2,714,971,
which vested upon issuance, exercisable at 0.001 and expires on October 1, 2026. Mr. Duchman is entitled to vacation, sick and holiday
pay and other benefits, in accordance with the Company s policies established and in effect from time to time. The Company may terminate
the Mr. Duchman for cause (as defined in the Duchman Employment Agreement) by giving Mr. Duchman written notice approved by the Board
of Directors Board of such termination, such notice (i) to state in detail the particular act or acts or failure or failures
to act that constitute the grounds on which the proposed termination for cause is based and (ii) to be given within six months of the
Board learning of such act or acts or failure or failures to act. The Duchman Employment Agreement may be terminated at Board s
discretion during the Term, provided that if Mr. Duchman is terminated without cause, the Company shall pay to Mr. Duchman an amount calculated
by multiplying Mr. Duchman monthly salary, at the time of such termination, times the number of months remaining in the Term. 

On March 25, 2022, the Company entered into an
employment agreement May Employment Agreement with Camille May to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer.
The May Employment Agreement has a term of two years Term from the effective date and provides for (i) an annual salary
of 120,000 and (ii) a one-time warrant grant of 250,000 shares of common stock, with grant a date fair value of 187,280, which vested
upon issuance, exercisable at 0.001 and expires on March 27, 2027. Ms. May is entitled to vacation, sick and holiday pay and other benefits,
in accordance with the Company s policies established and in effect from time to time. The Company may terminate the Ms. May for
cause (as defined in the May Employment Agreement) by giving Ms. May written notice approved by the Board of Directors of such termination. 

Lease Obligation Settlement 

On February 22, 2018, the Company entered into
a Surrender Agreement with a former landlord for rental obligations dating back to the year ended December 31, 2017 until the space was
vacated by the Company on March 31, 2017. Upon executing the Surrender Agreement, the former landlord and the Company agreed that the
total rental obligation due was 109,235. The former landlord agreed to 50,000 as full satisfaction of all obligations owed at the time
of the Surrender Agreement. The Company agreed to make regular payments on the outstanding rental obligation until paid in full through
September 2019; however, there is no penalty if the obligation is not fully paid by such date. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021,
the balance remaining due on this obligation were 21,400 and 22,900, respectively, included in accounts payable on the accompanying
unaudited consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 28 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

Put Option Agreement and Stock Repurchase Agreement 

On April 20, 2020, the Company and a stockholder
entered into a Put Option Agreement (see Note 3), pursuant to which, among other things, the Company agreed, at the election of the stockholder,
to purchase certain shares of common stock from such stockholder no sooner than two years from the date of the Put Option Agreement also
referred to herein as Market Period. Pursuant to the Put Option Agreement, in the event that the stockholder does not generate 1.3 million
dollars also referred to herein as Total Investment in gross proceeds from the sale of its shares of common stock by the second anniversary
of the Put Option Agreement, then the stockholder has the right to cause the Company to purchase shares held by the stockholder at a price
equal to the difference between the Total Investment and the net proceeds actually realized by the stockholder from shares of common stock
sold during the Market Period and the number of shares of common stock held by the stockholder on the date the put right is exercised.
The put right expired fourteen (14) days from end of the Market Period. In connection with the Put Option Agreement, the Company recorded
an initial common stock repurchase obligation in the amount of 1.3 million, reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
as common stock repurchase obligation, and reduction of additional paid in capital upon entering the Put Option Agreement. The repurchase
obligation is re-assessed by the Company each reporting period and adjusted for the proceeds received by the stockholder from sale of
common stock. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company recorded a reduction of 681,725. During the nine months ended
July 31, 2022, the Company recorded a reduction of 113,072. As of July 31, 2022, the Company has recorded an aggregate reduction of 794,797
for net proceeds realized by the stockholder on sale of Company common stock which was reclassified to additional paid in capital. As
of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the Company had 505,203 and 618,275 million of common stock repurchase obligation outstanding,
respectively. 

On June 30, 2022, the Company and a stockholder
entered into a Stock Repurchase Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company agreed to purchase certain shares of common
stock from such stockholder for an aggregate purchase price of 150,000. In connection with this Stock Repurchase Agreement, the Company
recorded an initial common stock repurchase obligation in the amount of 150,000 which was recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets as common stock repurchase obligation, and reduction of additional paid in capital upon entering the Stock Repurchase Agreement.
The Company shall pay to the Shareholder the Purchase Price in immediately available funds, as follows: (1) 50,000 which was be paid
upon the complete execution of this Stock Repurchase Agreement, and the related Settlement Agreement and Release, and the Lock-up and
Leak-out Agreement; (2) 50,000 to be paid 30 days after the complete execution of the Stock Repurchase Agreement, the Settlement Agreement
and Release, and the Lock-up and Leak-out Agreement; and (3) the final 50,000 to be paid 60 days after the complete execution of the
Stock Repurchase Agreement, the Settlement Agreement and Release, and the Lock-up and Leak-out Agreement. As of July 31, 2022, the Company
had 100,000 of common stock repurchase obligation outstanding. 

Joint Product Development and Distribution
Agreement 

Corlich Enterprises, Inc 

On September 22, 2020, the Company and Corlich
Enterprises, Inc., a New Jersey corporation Corlich entered into a Joint Product Development and Distribution Agreement
(the Development Agreement ), effective the same date, pursuant to which, among other things, Corlich agreed to provide certain
commercial services (the Services of Cat Cora, an American professional chef, in order for the Company and Corlich to collaboratively
develop a brand of meals (the Cat Cora Meals ). In consideration for the Services, the Company agreed to (i) pay Corlich
a royalty on net revenues generated from (A) the Cat Cora Meals, and (B) Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand orders where a dedicated code
is used at purchase, and (ii) issue a warrant to purchase up to 300,000 shares of common stock. The Development Agreement has a three-year
term, unless sooner terminated pursuant to its terms. 

During the first year of the Development Agreement s
term, Corlich is guaranteed a minimum royalty payment of 109,210. For the second and third year of the Development Agreement s
term, the Development Agreement estimates that Corlich will be guaranteed a minimum royalty payment of 218,380 and 436,770, respectively,
subject to the achievement of the prior year s guaranteed minimum royalty GMR payment and the parties agreement
to negotiate in good faith a lower guaranteed minimum royalty if such guaranteed minimum royalty payment is not achieved or to otherwise
terminate the Development Agreement. Royalties above the guaranteed minimum royalty are based on an increasing percentage of net revenues
generated from the sale of Cat Cora Meals as certain revenue milestones are met as defined in the Distribution Agreement. The GMR is expensed
to cost of sales over the term of the Development Agreement. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company paid an aggregate
of 78,260 of accrued royalty fee. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company paid an aggregate of 49,139 of accrued royalty
fee. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Development Agreement was amended by both parties whereby the minimal royalty payment
of 109,210 was extended through December 31, 2021 and the increased GMR of 218,380 would begin January 1, 2022 and the 436,770 GMR
January 1, 2023. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company recorded 86,442 of royalty expense related to the GMR. As of
July 31, 2022, an aggregate total of 109,199 of accrued royalty fee was reflected, with 61,794 included in accounts payable and 44,405
included in accrued expense and other liabilities in the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets. As of July 31, 2022 and October
31, 2021, a total of 109,199 and 71,896 of accrued royalty fee, respectively, was reflected under accrued expense and other liabilities
in the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 29 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

Hungry Fan Brand, LLC 

On February 18, 2021, the Company and Hungry Fan
Brand, LLC Hungry Fan (collectively as Parties entered into a Joint Product Development and Distribution
Agreement (the Development Agreement ), effective the same date. The Development Agreement shall remain in effect for twelve
months from the effective. Pursuant to the Development Agreement, the Parties shall jointly contribute and be responsible for the development
of the Hungry Fan Meals, under the terms and conditions of the Development Agreement. 

For the use of Hungry Fan Meals and all associated
intellectual property for the benefit of the Hungry Fan Meals, the Company shall pay to Hungry Fan the following: (i) 10 of all Net Revenue
generated from the sale of the Hungry Fan Meals (the Hungry Fan Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue 
shall be defined as gross sales generated on Hungry Fan Meals less discounts and returns. The Hungry Fan Royalty generated during each
calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month
in which the Hungry Fan Royalty was earned and; (ii) 10 of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand
orders in which a Hungry Fan dedicated code was used at the time of purchase Hungry Fan Commission ). Upon execution of
the Development Agreement, the Company shall provide Hungry Fan with a dedicated code to publicly share for a mutually agreed upon percent
off any purchase of Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand orders. The Company shall ensure that the code is valid and in effect for the entire
Term. The Hungry Fan Commission generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the
10 th business day of the following month in which the Hungry Fan Commission was earned. 

In addition, subject to the terms and conditions
of this Development Agreement, the Company shall pay to Hungry Fan a guaranteed minimum compensation of 24,000 over twelve months (the
 GMC ), to be paid in installments of 2,000 per month, by the 10 th business day of the following month in which
the Hungry Fan Commission was earned. The Parties agree that the Hungry Fan Royalty shall be credited against the Guarantee received to
date. During the transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid 14,000 of GMC. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022,
the Company paid an aggregate of 6,000 of accrued royalty fee. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, 4,000 and 1,000 of accrued
royalty fee, respectively, was reflected under accrued expense and other liabilities in the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance
sheets. 

Red Velvet XOXO, LLC 

On March 19, 2021, the Company and Red Velvet
XOXO LLC, a New York corporation Red Velvet (collectively as Parties entered into a Joint Product Development
and Distribution Agreement (the Development Agreement ), effective the same date. The Development Agreement shall remain
in effect for twelve months from the effective date unless sooner terminated as defined in the Development Agreement, or unless extended
by mutual agreement of the Parties. Pursuant to the Development Agreement, the Parties shall collaboratively develop a brand of desserts,
marketed and sold exclusively utilizing Red Velvet s recipes (the Red Velvet Desserts under the Home Bistro label,
under the terms and conditions of the Development Agreement. 

For the use of Red Velvet Desserts and all associated
intellectual property for the benefit of the Red Velvet Desserts, Bistro shall pay to Red Velvet the following: (i) 10 of all Net Revenue
generated from the sale of the Red Velvet Desserts (the Velvet Desserts Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement Net
Revenue shall be defined as gross sales generated on Red Velvet Desserts less discounts and returns. The Velvet Desserts Royalty
generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10th business day of the following
month in which the Velvet Desserts Royalty was earned and; (ii) 10 of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro and Prime
Chop brand orders in which a Red Velvet Desserts dedicated code was used at the time of purchase Velvet Desserts Commission ).
The Velvet Desserts Commission generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the
10th business day of the following month in which the Velvet Desserts Commission was earned. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021,
Red Velvet earned 198 of royalty fees pursuant to terms of the Development Agreement. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, 198
of accrued royalty fee was reflected under accrued expense and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Chef Robl Co. 

On April 13, 2021, the Company and Robl 
Ali Robl ), celebrity chef and reality TV personality Chef Robl Co. (collectively as
 Parties entered into a Joint Product Development and Distribution Agreement (the Development Agreement ),
effective the same date. The Development Agreement shall remain in effect for two years from the effective date. Pursuant to the Development
Agreement, the Parties shall jointly contribute and be responsible for the development of the Robl Meals, under the terms and
conditions of the Development Agreement. 

F- 30 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

For the use of Robl Meals and all associated
intellectual property for the benefit of the Robl Meals, the Company shall pay to Robl the following: (i) 10 of all Net
Revenue generated from the sale of the Robl Meals (the Robl Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement
 Net Revenue shall be defined as gross sales generated on Robl Meals less discounts and returns. The Robl 
Royalty generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10th business day of the
following month in which the Robl Royalty was earned and; (ii) 10 of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro and
Prime Chop brand orders in which a Robl dedicated code was used at the time of purchase Robl Commission ).
Upon execution of the Development Agreement, the Company shall provide Robl with a dedicated code to publicly share for a mutually
agreed upon percent off any purchase of Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand orders. The Company shall ensure that the code is valid and in
effect for the entire term. The Robl Commission generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall
be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the Robl Commission was earned. 

In addition, subject to the terms and conditions
of this Development Agreement, the Company shall pay to Robl a guaranteed minimum compensation of 36,000 for twelve months (the
 GMC as follows: (i) 9,000 upon the Company s receipt and approval of all recipes submitted by Robl (ii)
 9,000 upon the commencement of selling of the Robl Meals Selling Date (iii) 3,000 per month for a period of
six months, commencing the month immediately following the Selling Date. The total aggregate compensation paid to Robl shall be
reduced by the GMC. During the transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the first condition has been satisfied by both parties and
the Company paid 9,000 the GMC. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, there were no accrued GMC as the Selling Date has not yet occurred. 

Claudia Cocina LLC 

On June 22, 2021, the Company and Claudia Cocina
LLC (f/s/o Claudia Sandoval), a California limited liability company Claudia Cocina (collectively as Parties entered into a Joint Product Development and Distribution Agreement (the Development Agreement ). Pursuant to the Development
Agreement, the Parties shall collaboratively develop a brand of meals, marketed and sold utilizing the Property CS Meals jointly with the Home Bistro label, under the terms and conditions of the Development Agreement. The Development Agreement is effective
upon signature and shall remain in effect from the first date on which the CS Meals are commercially launched (the Launch Date until the last day of the month that is one year from the Launch Date (the Initial Term ). The Parties shall have the right
to renew the Development Agreement for an additional one-year term Renewal Term (the Initial Term and the Renewal Term,
individually and together, (the Term )) upon mutual written consent, which consent must be provided no later than sixty days
prior to the end of the current Term. The Renewal Term shall be on the same terms and conditions as provided herein for the Initial Term,
except that the Guaranteed Minimum Sales and the Guaranteed Minimum Royalties GMR payable during the Renewal Term shall
be mutually agreed to between the Parties. The Company issued 150,000 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 150,000 based
on the market price of common stock on grant date, that was deemed to be fully earned, non-assessable and irrevocable upon the execution
of the Development Agreement and subject to a Lock-Up Leak-Out Agreement. The Company recorded the 150,000 as deferred compensation in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheet to be amortized over the term of the Development Agreement. During the nine months ended July
31, 2022, the Company expensed 121,875 of the deferred compensation as product development expense in the accompanying unaudited consolidated
statement of operations. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, there were 0 and 121,875 of deferred compensation, respectively,
related to this Development Agreement. 

Claudia Cocina shall receive 10 royalties on
all Net Revenues Royalty generated from the sale of: (i) CS Meals; and (ii) Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand orders in
which a CS dedicated code was used at the time of purchase, in accordance with the Royalty Schedule set forth in the Development Agreement.
For the purpose of this Development Agreement Net Revenue shall be defined as gross sales of products less actual returns
and refunds, which returns and refunds shall not exceed eight percent (8 of such gross sales. In addition, the GMR for the Term shall
be at least 36,000 per year in the aggregate, payable monthly at the rate of 3,000 per month or 10 of gross sales, whichever is higher
for the month. The Company agrees that Royalty payments may only be credited to the year to which such payments apply (i.e., Royalty payments
paid to Claudia Cocina during the first twelve months of the Agreement can only offset the GMR of the first twelve months, and not the
subsequent 12-month period GMR). Payments made during any year during the Term, which are in excess of the GMR payments for the applicable
year may not be credited towards another year. All GMR payments hereunder are non-refundable and are due upon the first CS Meals being
launched which occurred in November 2021. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company recorded 21,000 of royalty expense
related to the GMR. As July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, there were no accrued royalty fee. 

F- 31 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

Chef Richard Blais 

On July 22, 2021 Effective Date ),
the Company and Trail Blais, LLC (f/s/o Chef Richard Blais), celebrity chef and reality TV personality Chef Richard Blais (collectively as Parties ), entered into a Joint Product Development and Distribution Agreement (the Development Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Development Agreement, the Parties shall collaboratively develop a brand of meals, marketed and sold utilizing the Property Blais Meals jointly with the Home Bistro label, under the terms and conditions of the Development Agreement. The Development
Agreement shall remain in effect from the Effective Date until the last day of the month that is one-year from the Effective Date Term ),
ending no later than July 30, 2022. The first twelve-month anniversary of the Development Agreement shall be deemed Year One .
The Company shall only distribute the Blais Meals within the Term and any Renewal Term (defined below), as mutually agreed. The Company
agrees that following the Term, The Company shall use best efforts to cease the distribution of all Blais Meals. The Parties shall have
the right to renew the Development Agreement for an additional one-year term Renewal Term upon mutual written consent.
The Renewal Term shall be negotiated in good faith within ninety days of the end of the Term. The Company issued 150,000 shares of common
stock with grant date fair value of 172,500 based on the market price of common stock on grant date, that was deemed to be fully earned,
non-assessable and irrevocable upon the execution of the Development Agreement (see Note 12) and subject to a Lock-Up Leak-Out Agreement.
The Company recorded the 172,500 as deferred compensation in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet to be amortized over the term
of the Development Agreement. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company expensed 147,344 of the deferred compensation as
product development expense in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statement of operations. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021,
there were 0 and 147,344 of deferred compensation, respectively, related to this Development Agreement. 

For the use of Chef Richard Blais and all associated
intellectual property for the benefit of the Blais Meals, the Company shall pay to Blais the following: (i) 10 of all net revenue generated
from the sale of Blais Meals (the Blais Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue shall be defined
as gross sales generated on Blais Meals less discounts and returns. The Blais Royalty generated during each calendar month in which an
agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the Blais Royalty
was earned; (ii) 10 of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand orders in which a Blais Dedicated
Code was used at the time of purchase Blais Commission ). The Blais Commission generated during each calendar month in which
an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the Blais Commission
was earned and; (iii) Guaranteed Minimum Royalty. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Development Agreement, the Company shall
pay to Chef Richard Blais a guaranteed minimum compensation of 75,000 for each twelve-month period the Development Agreement is in effect GMC payable monthly at the rate of 6,250 per month, beginning on the earlier of the launch of Blais Meals or ninety days
after the execution of this Development Agreement. As of October 31, 2021, there was 1,815 accrued royalty fee. During the nine months
ended July 31, 2022, the Company recorded 56,250 of royalty expense related to the GMR. As of July 31, 2022, there was a total of 51,815
GMR payable of which 8,065 was recorded in accrued royalty fee and 43,750 was recorded in accounts payable, were reflected under accrued
expense and other liabilities in the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheet. 

Perfect Athlete LLC 

On September 15, 2021 Effective Date ),
the Company and Perfecting Athletes, LLC PA or Perfecting Athletes (collectively as Parties ),
entered into a Joint Product Development and Distribution Agreement (the Development Agreement ). Pursuant to the Development
Agreement, the Parties shall collaboratively develop a brand of meals, marketed and sold utilizing the Property PA Meals jointly with the Home Bistro label, under the terms and conditions of the Development Agreement. The Development Agreement shall remain
in effect from the Effective Date until the last day of the month that is two-years from the Effective Date Term ). The
first twelve-month anniversary of the Development Agreement shall be deemed Year One . The Company shall only distribute
the PA Meals within the Term and any Renewal Term (defined below), as mutually agreed. The Company agrees that following the Term, The
Company shall use best efforts to cease the distribution of all PA Meals. The Parties shall have the right to renew the Development Agreement
for an additional one-year term Renewal Term upon mutual written consent. The Company issued 150,000 shares of common
stock with grant date fair value of 255,000 based on the market price of common stock on grant date, that was deemed to be fully earned,
non-assessable and irrevocable upon the execution of the Development Agreement and subject to a Lock-Up Leak-Out Agreement. The Company
recorded the 255,000 as deferred compensation in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet to be amortized over the term of the Development
Agreement. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company expensed 74,375 of the deferred compensation as product development
expense in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statement of operations. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, there were 164,687
and 239,063 of deferred compensation, respectively, related to this Development Agreement. 

F- 32 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

For the use of Perfecting Athletes and all associated
intellectual property for the benefit of the PA Meals, the Company shall pay to Perfecting Athletes the following: (i) 10 of all net
revenue generated from the sale of PA Meals (the PA Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue 
shall be defined as gross sales generated on PA Meals less discounts and returns. The PA Royalty generated during each calendar month
in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the PA
Royalty was earned and; (ii) 10 of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand orders in which a PA Dedicated
Code was used at the time of purchase PA Commission ). The PA Commission generated during each calendar month in which an
agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the PA Commission
was earned. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, there were no payments made under the Development Agreement. 

Spicy Mango Foodies LLC 

On January 19, 2022 Effective Date ),
the Company and Spicy Mango Foodies LLC (f/s/o Chef Priyanka Naik CPN )) (collectively as Parties ), entered
into a Joint Product Development and Distribution Agreement (the Development Agreement ). Pursuant to the Development Agreement,
the Parties shall collaboratively develop a brand of meals, marketed and sold utilizing the Property CPN Meals jointly
with the Home Bistro label, under the terms and conditions of the Development Agreement. The Development Agreement shall remain in effect
from the Effective Date until the last day of the month that is two-year from the Effective Date Term ). The first twelve-month
anniversary of the Development Agreement shall be deemed Year One . The Company shall only distribute the CPN Meals within
the Term and any Renewal Term (defined below), as mutually agreed. The Company agrees that following the Term, the Company shall use best
efforts to cease the distribution of all CPN Meals. The Parties shall have the right to renew the Development Agreement for an additional
one-year term Renewal Term upon mutual written consent. The Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock with grant date
fair value of 100,000 based on the market price of common stock on grant date, that was deemed to be fully earned, non-assessable and
irrevocable upon the execution of the Development Agreement. The Company shall record it as deferred compensation to be amortized over
the Term of the Development Agreement. The Company recorded the 100,000 as deferred compensation in the accompanying unaudited consolidated
balance sheet and is being amortized over the two-year term of the Development Agreement. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022,
the Company expensed 27,083 of the deferred compensation as product development expense in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statement
of operations. As of July 31, 2022, there was 72,917 of deferred compensation related to this Development Agreement. 

For the use of Spicy Mango Foodies, LLC SMF and all associated intellectual property for the benefit of the CPN Meals, the Company shall pay to SMF the following: (i) 10 of all
Net Revenue generated from the sale of CPN Meals SMF Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue 
shall be defined as gross sales generated on CPN Meals less discounts and returns. The SMF Royalty generated during each calendar month
in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the SMF
Royalty was earned and; (ii) 10 of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand orders in which a SMF
Dedicated Code was used at the time of purchase SMF Commission and all sales derived from that account thereafter. The
SMF Commission generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th 
business day of the following month in which the SMF Commission was earned. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, there were no
payments made under the Development Agreement. 

Mini Melanie, LLC 

On February 22, 2022 Effective Date ),
the Company and Mini Melanie, LLC (f/s/o Chef Melanie Moss MM )) (collectively as Parties ), entered into a
Joint Product Development and Distribution Agreement Development Agreement ). Pursuant to the Development Agreement, the
Parties shall collaboratively develop a brand of desserts Moss Deserts jointly with the Home Bistro label, under the terms
and conditions of the Development Agreement. The Development Agreement shall remain in effect from the Effective Date until the last day
of the month that is one-year from the Effective Date. 

For the use of MM and all associated intellectual
property for the benefit of the Moss Deserts, the Company shall pay to MM 5 of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Moss Deserts MM Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue shall be defined as gross sales generated on Moss
Deserts less discounts and returns. The MM Royalty generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due
and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the MM Royalty was earned. During the three months ended
October 31, 2022, there were no payments made or owed under the Development Agreement. 

F- 33 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

July
31, 2022 

Consulting Agreements 

On April 1, 2021, the Company and Redstone Communications,
LLC Redstone (collectively as Parties entered into an agreement to provide strategic consulting services Agreement ). The Agreement shall remain in effect for twelve months from the effective date of April 1, 2021 until March
31, 2022. Pursuant to the Agreement, Redstone shall be paid, in cash, a monthly fee of 10,000 over the twelve months service period and
received 2,000,000 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 1,800,000 as compensation, which was recorded as deferred compensation
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and amortized over the twelve months service period. In 2021, the Company amortized 1,050,000
of the deferred compensation. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company amortized 750,000 of the deferred compensation
and was recorded as professional and consulting expense in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statement of operations. As of July
31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the deferred compensation related to this Agreement was 0 and 750,000, respectively. 

On September 10, 2021, the Company and Bench International,
LLC Bench International (collectively as Parties entered into an agreement to marketing consulting services Agreement ). The Agreement shall remain in effect for twelve months from the effective date of September 10, 2021. Pursuant
to the Agreement, Bench International shall be paid, in cash, and aggregate amount of 350,000 to be paid in seven monthly instalments
of 50,000 beginning September 2021 until March 2022. In 2021, the Company paid an aggregate amount of 100,000. During the nine months
ended July 31, 2022, the Company paid an aggregate amount of 205,000. During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company recognized
 246,667 of expense related to this Agreement and recorded as selling and marketing expenses in the accompanying unaudited consolidated
statement of operations. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the prepaid expense related to this Agreement were 0 and 41,667,
respectively. 

On October 1, 2021, the Company and a consultant
(collectively as Parties entered into a consulting agreement which shall remain in effect until April 1, 2022, unless sooner
terminated as provided in the agreement, or unless extended by agreement of the Parties. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company issued
warrants to purchase 500,000 of common stock Warrant with a grant date fair value of 678,253 for services rendered and
was recorded as professional and consulting expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations in 2021. The Warrant vested
upon issuance, has an exercise price of 0.001 and expiration date of October 1, 2026. In addition, the consultant shall receive 3,000
per month, payable in cash on the first of each month commencing on the effective date. 

Consulting Agreement Related Party

On October 1, 2021, the Company and Michael Novielli
through Dutchess Capital Partners, LLC Dutchess Capital (collectively as Parties entered into a consulting
agreement which shall remain in effect until April 1, 2022 unless sooner terminated as provided in the agreement, or unless extended by
agreement of the Parties. Michael Novielli currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors and is considered a related party. Pursuant
to the agreement, Dutchess Capital received warrants to purchase 1,000,000 of common stock Warrant with a grant date fair
value of 1,356,507, for services rendered and was recorded as professional and consulting expenses related party in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations. The Warrant vested upon issuance, had exercise price of 0.001 and expiration date of October 1,
2026. In addition, Dutchess Capital shall receive 10,000 per month, payable in cash on the first of each month commencing on the effective
date. For the three and nine months ended July 31, 2022, professional and consulting expense related party amounts to 30,000
and 90,000, respectively. 

Lock-Up and Leak Out Agreements 

In 2021 and during the nine months ended July
31, 2022, the Company and various stockholders (collectively as Parties entered into a Lock-Up and Leak Out Agreement Lock-Up
Agreements ). Pursuant to the Lock-Up Agreements, stockholders, including the stockholders affiliated entities, agreed that
for the period beginning on the respective effective dates of their Lock-Up Agreements and ending in the period between October 2021 to
June 2023 (the Lock-Up Period ), the stockholders will not offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, give, donate, transfer
or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Company s common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable
for common stock or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any common stock, whether owned by the stockholders
as the date hereof or acquired subsequent to the date hereof (collectively, the Lock-Up Shares ), enter into a transaction
which would have the same effect, or enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic
or voting consequences of ownership of such securities, whether any such aforementioned transaction is to be settled by delivery of the
Lock-Up Shares or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, or publicly disclose the intention to make any such offer, sale, pledge
or disposition, or to enter into any such transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement. During the ten-months ended October 31, 2021,
as consideration for the stockholders execution of the Lock-Up Agreements, the Company issued an aggregate of 112,500 shares of
common stock with grant date fair value of 152,626 which was recorded as deferred compensation and amortized over the Lock-Up Period.
During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, as consideration for the stockholders execution of the Lock-Up Agreements, the Company
issued an aggregate of 516,748 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 554,273 which was recorded as deferred compensation
and amortized over the Lock-Up Period (see Note 11). During the nine months ended July 31, 2022, the Company amortized 670,212 of the
deferred compensation (see Note 11) and was recorded as professional and consulting expense in the accompanying unaudited consolidated
statement of operations. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the deferred compensation related to this Agreement were 0 and 115,938,
respectively. 

F- 34 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

License Agreement 

On June 24, 2021, the Company entered into a licensing
agreement License Agreement with Ayesha Curry (see Note 4). The License Agreement has a term of three years and renewable
under the terms and conditions specified in the License Agreement. Pursuant to the License Agreement the Company shall pay Ayesha Curry
a 10 royalty fee of the net sales of all licensed products sold Royalties ). For purposes of this License Agreement, licensed
product shall be considered sold on the date upon its billed, invoiced, shipped, or paid for, or when title passes to the buyer, whichever
occurs first. 

NOTE 13 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

Joint Product Development and Distribution
Agreement 

Tsuji s Inc. 

On August 26, 2022 Effective Date ),
the Company and Tsuji s Inc. (f/s/o Chef Katsuji Tanabe CKJ )) (collectively as Parties ), entered into
a Joint Product Development and Distribution Agreement (the Development Agreement ). Pursuant to the Development Agreement,
the Parties shall collaboratively develop a brand of meals, marketed and sold utilizing the Property CKJ Meals jointly
with the Home Bistro label, under the terms and conditions of the Development Agreement. The Development Agreement shall remain in effect
from the Effective Date until the last day of the month that is two-year from the Effective Date Term ). The first twelve-month
anniversary of the Development Agreement shall be deemed Year One . The Company shall only distribute the CKJ Meals within
the Term and any Renewal Term (defined below), as mutually agreed. The Company agrees that following the Term, the Company shall use best
efforts to cease the distribution of all CKJ Meals. The Parties shall have the right to renew the Development Agreement for an additional
one-year term Renewal Term upon mutual written consent. The Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock with grant date
fair value of 20,000, or 0.20 per share, based on the market price of common stock on grant date, that was deemed to be fully earned,
non-assessable and irrevocable upon the execution of the Development Agreement. The Company shall record it as deferred compensation to
be amortized over the Term of the Development Agreement. 

In connection with the sale of CKJ Meals, the
Company shall pay to CKJ the following: (i) 5 of all net revenue generated from the sale of CKJ Meals (the CKJ Royalty ).
For the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue shall be defined as gross sales generated on CKJ Meals less discounts and
returns. The CKJ Royalty generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th 
business day of the following month in which the CKJ Royalty was earned; (ii) 5 of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro
brand orders in which a CKJ Dedicated Code was used at the time of purchase CKJ Commission ). The CKJ Commission generated
during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following
month in which the CKJ Commission is earned. 

Chef David Burtka 

On September 8, 2022 Effective Date ),
the Company and Chef David Burtka CDB (collectively as Parties ), entered into a Joint Product Development
and Distribution Agreement (the Development Agreement ). Pursuant to the Development Agreement, the Parties shall collaboratively
develop a brand of meals, marketed and sold utilizing the Property CDB Meals jointly with the Home Bistro label, under
the terms and conditions of the Development Agreement. The Development Agreement shall remain in effect from the Effective Date until
the last day of the month that is one-year from the Effective Date Term ). The first twelve-month anniversary of the Development
Agreement shall be deemed Year One . The Company shall only distribute the CDB Meals within the Term and any Renewal Term
(defined below), as mutually agreed. The Company agrees that following the Term, the Company shall use best efforts to cease the distribution
of all CDB Meals. The Parties shall have the right to renew the Development Agreement for an additional one-year term Renewal
Term upon mutual written consent. The Company issued 250,000 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 45,000, or
 0.18 per share, based on the market price of common stock on grant date, that was deemed to be fully earned, non-assessable and irrevocable
upon the execution of the Development Agreement. The Company shall record it as deferred compensation to be amortized over the Term of
the Development Agreement. 

F- 35 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

In connection with the sale of CDB Meals, the
Company shall pay to CDB the following: (i) 5 of all net revenue generated from the sale of CDB Meals (the CDB Royalty ).
For the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue shall be defined as gross sales generated on CDB Meals less discounts and
returns. The CDB Royalty generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th 
business day of the following month in which the CDB Royalty was earned; (ii) 5 of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro
brand orders in which a CDB Dedicated Code was used at the time of purchase CDB Commission ). The CDB Commission generated
during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following
month in which the CDB Commission is earned. 

All Grain LLC 

On September 9, 2022 Effective Date ),
the Company and All Grain LLC (f/s/o Chef Danielle Walker CDW )) (collectively as Parties ), entered into a
Joint Product Development and Distribution Agreement (the Development Agreement ). Pursuant to the Development Agreement,
the Parties shall collaboratively develop a brand of meals, marketed and sold utilizing the Property CDW Meals jointly
with the Home Bistro label, under the terms and conditions of the Development Agreement. The Development Agreement shall remain in effect
from the Effective Date until the last day of the month that is two-year from the Effective Date Term ). The first twelve-month
anniversary of the Development Agreement shall be deemed Year One . The Company shall only distribute the CDW Meals within
the Term and any Renewal Term (defined below), as mutually agreed. The Company agrees that following the Term, the Company shall use best
efforts to cease the distribution of all CDW Meals. The Parties shall have the right to renew the Development Agreement for an additional
one-year term Renewal Term upon mutual written consent. The Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock with grant date
fair value of 21,000, or 0.21, based on the market price of common stock on grant date, that was deemed to be fully earned, non-assessable
and irrevocable upon the execution of the Development Agreement. The Company shall record it as deferred compensation to be amortized
over the Term of the Development Agreement. 

In connection with the sale of CDW Meals, the
Company shall pay to CDW the following: (i) 5 of all net revenue generated from the sale of CDW Meals (the CDW Royalty ).
For the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue shall be defined as gross sales generated on CDW Meals less discounts and
returns. The CDW Royalty generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th 
business day of the following month in which the CDW Royalty was earned; (ii) 5 of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro
and Prime Chop brand orders in which a CDW Dedicated Code was used at the time of purchase CDW Commission ). The CDW Commission
generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of
the following month in which the CDW Commission is earned. 

Common Stock Issued for Convertible Notes 

On August 26, 2022, the Company issued 214,427
shares of its common stock upon conversion of debt and accrued interest of 42,778. 

Convertible Notes 

August 2022 Note 

On August 24, 2022 (the Issue Date ),
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of August 24, 2022 (the SPA ), by and between the Company
and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, a Virginia limited liability company (the Investor ). Pursuant to the SPA, among other things,
the Company agreed to issue to the Investor a convertible note in the original principal amount of 104,250 (the Note, and
together with the SPA, the Agreements ). Upon closing, the Company received 92,000 in net proceeds from the Investor, net
of fees of 12,250. 

The Note accrues interest at an annual interest
rate of 8 and a default interest rate of 22 , and matures on August 24, 2023 (the Maturity Date ). The Investor may convert
the Note into shares of the Company s common stock, 180 days after the Issue Date until the later of (i) the Maturity Date and (ii)
the date the Company pays any amounts owed in connection with an event of default. The per share conversion price into which the Note
is convertible into shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Price is 65 multiplied by the average of the lowest two closing
bid prices for the Common Stock during the ten trading days ending on the last trading day prior to the conversion date. 

The Company has the right to prepay the outstanding
principal amount of the Note, plus any accrued interest on the outstanding principal (including any default interest) at a rate of (x)
120 during the period ending 120 days after the Issue Date and (y) 125 during the period between 121 days and 180 days after the Issue
Date. The Company does not have a prepayment right following the expiration of the 180 day period Upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of any event of default under the Note, the Note becomes immediately due and payable and the Company is obligated to pay the Investor
in full satisfaction of its obligations thereunder an amount equal to the greater of (i) the principal amount then outstanding plus accrued
interest (including any default interest) through the date of full repayment multiplied by 150 and (ii)(a) the highest number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the default sum at the Conversion Price, multiplied by (b) the highest closing price for the
Common Stock during the period beginning on the date of first occurrence of the event of default and ending one day prior to the mandatory
prepayment date. The obligations under the Note are not secured by any assets of the Company. The Agreements contain other provisions,
covenants and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. Furthermore, the Company is subject to negative covenants under
the Agreements, which the Company also believes are also customary for transactions of this type. 

F- 36 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2022 

September 2022 Note I 

On September 9, 2022, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement September 2022 SPA I with an investor for the sale of the Company s convertible
note. Pursuant to the September 2022 SPA I, the Company; (i) issued a convertible note with principal amount of 150,000 September
2022 Note I with the Company receiving 123,000 in net proceeds, net of 15,000 of OID and 12,000 of legal fees; (ii) issued
warrants to purchase up to 666,667 shares of common stock September 2022 I Warrant ). The 666,667 warrants issued shall
be valued using the relative fair value method, recording as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note. The
September 2022 Note I bears an annual interest rate of 15 and matures on September 9, 2023. The September 2022 Note II is convertible
shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock hereunder, which shall equal the lower of (i) 75 of the closing price of the Common
Stock on the date of the investment, and (ii) 90 of the lowest volume weighted average price for the Common Stock during the five (5)
Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date, provided, however, that if the Company consummates
an Uplist Offering (as defined in this Note) on or before the date that is one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days after the Issuance
Date, then the Conversion Price shall equal 75 of the offering price per share of Common Stock (or unit, if units are offered in the
Uplist Offering) at which the Uplist Offering is made (for the avoidance of doubt, if a unit includes more than one share of the Common
Stock in the Uplist Offering, the Conversion Price shall mean 75 of the unit price divided by the number of shares of Common Stock contained
in a unit). 

The September 2022 I Warrant issued to the investor,
provides for the right to purchase up to 666,667 shares of common stock; (i) shall be valued using the relative fair value method and
recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the September 2022 Note; (ii) exercisable at 0.225, provided,
however, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering (as defined in this Warrant) on or before the date that is one hundred and
eighty (180) calendar days after the Issue Date, then the Exercise Price shall equal 120 of the offering price per share of Common Stock
(or unit, if units are offered in the Uplist Offering) at which the Uplist Offering is made (for the avoidance of doubt, if a unit includes
more than one share of the Common Stock in the Uplist Offering, the Exercise Price shall mean 120 of the unit price divided by the number
of shares of Common Stock contained in a unit), subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise).
Unless otherwise adjusted pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, if the date of a respective exercise under the Warrant is on or before
the date that is one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days after the Issue Date and the Company has not consummated an Uplist Offering,
then the exercise price of this Warrant shall equal the initial Exercise Price. 

If the Company at any time while the September
Note I and September 2022 Warrant I are outstanding, sell or grant any option to purchase, sell, grant any right to re-price, or otherwise
dispose of or issue any common stock or common stock equivalents (other than an exempt issuance as defined in the May 2022 Note I and
May 2022 Warrant I), at a share price per less than the initial conversion and/or exercise price then the conversion and/or exercise price
shall be reduced equal to such price and the number of common stock and/or warrant shares issuable thereunder shall be increased. The
September 2022 Note I and September 2022 Warrant I also provide the investor with certain piggyback registration rights,
permitting them to request that the Company include the shares issued upon conversion of the note or exercise of the warrant, respectively,
for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Consulting Agreements 

On August 29, 2022, the Company entered into a
six-month Capital Market Advisory Agreement (the Advisory Agreement with a third-party consultant for advisory services.
In connection with this Advisory Agreement, the Company shall pay the advisor (1) 5,000 upon execution of the agreement and 5,000 per
month to accrue until an uplisting occurs; (2) 25,000 payable upon a NASDAQ uplisting; (3) 100,000 share of the Company s common
stock. The shares shall have reverse split protection through the Nasdaq Listing so that if the Company undertakes a reverse split as
part of the of the Nasdaq Listing, the consultant shall receive additional shares immediately after the Nasdaq Listing so that the consultant
retains 100,000 shares post reverse split; and (4) the Company will issue 100,000 warrants to the Consultant or its designees exercisable
for a period of 5 years with an exercise price of .20 per share. The warrants shall have a cashless exercise provision in the event that
the shares underlying the warrants are not registered in an effective registration statement. In the event that the Company undertakes
a reverse split prior to or simultaneous with the Nasdaq Listing, the warrants shall have reverse split protection so that the Consultant
shall receive 100,000 warrants exercisable for five years at .20 per share after the reverse split. The Company issued 100,000 shares
of common stock with grant date fair value of 20,000, or 0.20 per share, based on the market price of common stock on grant date. 

On September 8, 2022, the Company entered into
a six-month Capital Market Advisory Agreement (the Advisory Agreement II with a third-party consultant for advisory and
uplisting services. In connection with this Advisory Agreement II, the Company shall pay the advisor 500,000 share of the Company s
common stock with a grant date fair value of 90,000, or 0.18 per share, based on the market price of common stock on grant date. 

F- 37 

THE COMPANY S MOST RECENT FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION AS REPORTED WITHIN THIS FORM 10-K FILING ARE NOT COMPLETE AND HAVE NOT BEEN AUDITED. THE COMPANY IS CURRENTLY
UNDERGOING ITS AUDIT FOR THE 12 MONTH PERIOD ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022, AND BELIEVES IT WILL BE COMPLETED IN THE COMING WEEKS AND REFILED
WITH AN AMENDMENT TO THIS FORM 10-K FILING. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS FOR INFORMATIONAL ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON
FOR INVESTMENT OR ANY OTHER PURPOSE. 

F- 38 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

October 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Inventory 
 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Note receivable 
 -

Total Current Assets 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Property and equipment, net 

Finance right-of-use assets, net 
 
 -

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 
 
 -

Intangible assets, net 
 
 -

Deposits 
 
 -

Goodwill 
 
 -

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Liabilities to be settled with common stock 
 
 -

Convertible notes payable, net of debt discount 

Convertible notes payable - related party, net of debt discount 
 
 -

Notes payable - current portion 

Advances payable 

Derivative liabilities 

Unredeemed gift cards 

Financing lease liability - current portion 
 
 -

Operating lease liabilities - current portion 
 
 -

Common stock repurchase obligation 
 
 -

Total Current Liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 

Financing lease liability - long-term portion 
 
 -

Operating lease liability- long-term portion 
 
 -

Notes payable - long-term portion 

Common stock repurchase obligation - long-term portion 
 -

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingency (Note 14): 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT): 

Preferred Stock: 0.001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 

Convertible Series B Preferred stock: Par Value; Shares Authorized; nil shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020
 
 -
 
 -

Common stock: par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Deferred compensation 
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 39 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Ten Months Ended 
 For the Year Ended 

October 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 

Product sales, net 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses: 

Compensation and related expenses, includes of stock-based compensation in 2021 

Professional and consulting expenses, includes of stock-based compensation in 2021 

Professional and consulting expenses - related party, includes of stock-based compensation in 2021 
 
 - 
 
 Product development expense, includes and of stock-based expense in 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Selling and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Loss from Continuing Operations 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest expense, net 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 
 -

Other income 
 -

Total Other Income (Expense), net 

Loss from Continuing Operations 

Discontinued Operations: 

Income from Disposal of Discontinued Operations Before Provision for Income Taxes 
 -

Income from Discontinued Operations 
 -

Net Loss 

BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: 

Continuing operations - basic and diluted

Discontinued operations - basic 

Discontinued operations - diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 40 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2021 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 

Total Stockholders 

Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Paid-in 
 Deferred 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Compensation 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance at December 31, 2019 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Warrant issued for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Recapitalization of the Company 

- 
 - 

Common stock repurchase obligation
 (see Note 3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Disposal of a component with
 related party (see Note 3) 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrant issued pursuant to
 an agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrant issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Accretion of stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued with
 convertible debt 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued as commitment
 fee 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock warrant issued
 as commitment fee 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued as stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock warrant issued
 as stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for cash, net of of issuance cost 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock and warrant
 issued for services and prepaid services 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for product
 development agreements 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued pursuant
 to lock-up agreements 
 - 
 - 

- 

Reduction of the repurchase
 obligation pursuant to the Put Option Agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for acquisition
 of Model Meals, LLC (see Note 3) 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for asset
 acquisition transaction (see Note 4) 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at October 31,
 2021 
 - 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 41 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Ten Months Ended 
 For the Year Ended 

October 31, 
 2021 
 December 31, 2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation on property and equipment and finance ROU assets 

Amortization on intangible assets 
 
 -

Common stock and warrants issued for stock-based compensation 

Common stock and warrants issued for services related party 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock and warrants issued for services and prepaid services 

Common stock and warrants issued for product development 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to lock-up agreements 
 
 -

Common stock issued pursuant an asset acquisition transaction (see Note 4) 
 
 -

Gain on extinguishment of debt and accounts payable 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 
 -

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 
 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expense and other liabilities 

Unredeemed gift cards 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds (payments) from acquisition of a subsidiaries 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash (used by) provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, net of issuance cost 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 -

Proceeds from convertible note payable, net of debt discount 
 
 -

Proceeds from convertible note payable - related party, net of debt discount 
 
 -

Proceeds from advances payable 

Repayment of convertible notes payable 

Repayment of note payable - in default 
 -

Repayments of advance payable 

Repayment of convertible notes payable - related party 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Initial amount of ROU asset and related liability 

Termination of the ROU asset and related liability 
 -

Disposal of a component with related party 

Repurchase obligation pursuant to the Put Option Agreement 
 -

Reduction of the repurchase obligation pursuant to the Put Option Agreement 
 
 -

Common stock issued as commitment fee in connection with convertible notes payable recorded as debt discount 

Warrants issued as commitment fee in connection with convertible notes payable 
 
 -

Liabilities to be settled with common stock in connection with convertible notes payable 
 
 -

Initial derivative liability recorded in connection with convertible notes payable 

Fair value of common stock issued for an asset acquisition transaction (see Note 4) 
 
 -

Net Asset and Liabilities Assumed in Acquisition: 

Cash 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Inventory 
 
 -

Operating right-of-use asset 

Internal use computer software 
 
 -

Customer relationships 
 
 -

Trademark 
 
 -

Goodwill 
 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Operating right-of-use liability 

Note Payable 
 
 -

Net asset acquired (liability assumed) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 42 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

from (see Note 12). 

of the combined company on a fully converted basis
after the closing of the Merger and approximately of voting control. As a result of the above transactions and the Company s
intent to dispose or divest the assets and liabilities associated with the RTD Business, this transaction was accounted for as a reverse
recapitalization effected by a share exchange of Home Bistro Holdings. The consolidated financial statements are those of Home Bistro
Holdings (the accounting acquirer) prior to the Merger and include the activity of the Company (the accounting acquiree) from the date
of the Merger (see Note 3). 

reverse stock split of its common stock, par value per share, with fractional shares rounding up to the nearest whole share (the
 Reverse Stock Split ), and (ii) the change of the Company s name from Gratitude Health, Inc. to Home
Bistro, Inc. . All share and per-share data and amounts have been retroactively adjusted as of the earliest period presented in
the consolidated financial statements to reflect the Reverse Stock Split (see Note 12). 

of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, par value per share (such
stock, the Series B Preferred Stock , and such stockholder, the Stockholder ). Pursuant to the Asset Purchase
Agreement, among other things, the Company agreed to sell to the Buyer all of the Company s business, assets and properties used,
or held or developed for use, in its functional RTD Business, and the Buyer agreed to assume certain debts, obligations and liabilities
related to the RTD Business. Furthermore, in connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Buyer returned the shares of Series
B Preferred Stock held by the Stockholder which was then cancelled by the Company upon return. As a result, the Company has no outstanding
shares of preferred stock. Additionally, the RTD Business activities were reclassified and reported as part of discontinued operations 
for all periods presented on the consolidated statements of operations. In addition, the Company assumed an accounts payable liability
in the amount of related to accounting expenses of the RTD Business for a period prior to the Merger. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase
Agreement, the Buyer reimbursed the Company for the accounting expenses in amount of , of which was payable in cash and
the balance in form of a promissory note dated September 25, 2020 in the amount of . per annum, matures on April 25, 2021 and is payable in monthly installments of commencing on October 25, 2020 through maturity
(see Note 3). 

F- 43 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock and were paid in cash. Pursuant to the
Acquisition, the Company issued shares of common stock with grant date fair value of (see Note 3). 

F- 44 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

and , respectively. As of October 31, 2021, the Company had
an accumulated deficit, stockholders equity, and working capital deficit of , and , respectively.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from
the issuance date of this transition report. The Company s primary source of operating funds in 2021 was primarily from the third-party
advances and convertible notes payable and the sale of common stock through private placements. The Company has experienced net losses
from operations since inception but expects these conditions to improve in the near term and beyond as it develops its business model. 

and . The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts
through October 31, 2021. 

F- 45 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Initial valuation of derivative liabilities included in debt discount 

Reclassification of derivative liability to gain on debt extinguishment 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Balance at end of the period 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

F- 47 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

for the transition period ended October 31, 2021 and 
for the year ended December 31, 2020, respectively. Shipping and handling costs charged to customers are included in sales. 

for the transition period ended October 31, 2021 and , for the year ended December 31, 2020, respectively,
are presented on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations as selling and marketing expenses. 

F- 48 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Stock Warrants 

Convertible Debt 

Total 

of its
food products from two vendors during the year ended December 31, 2020 (approximately and ). The Company is not obligated to purchase
from these vendors and, if necessary, there are other vendors from which the Company can purchase food products. As of December 31, 2020,
the Company had no accounts payable balance to these vendors. 

F- 49 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

F- 50 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis, consisting of 1,364,232
shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to 4,041,258 shares of common stock (see Note 12). The 250,000 shares of Series B Preferred
Stock owned by a former officer were cancelled on April 9, 2020 pursuant to a General Release Agreement (see Note 12) and 250,000 shares
of Series B Preferred Stock held by a related party remained issued and outstanding as of the date of the Merger. 

shares of common stock and stock options which were outstanding
at the effective time of the Merger. 

shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis consisting
of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock (see Note 12). 

shares of common stock issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis consisting of shares of common stock,
 stock options and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. 

F- 51 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

million dollars
(the Total Investment in gross proceeds from the sale of its shares of common stock by the second anniversary of the Put
Option Agreement, then the stockholder has the right to cause the Company to purchase shares held by the stockholder at a price equal
to the difference between the Total Investment and the net proceeds actually realized by the stockholder from shares of common stock sold
during the Market Period and the number of shares of common stock held by the stockholder on the date the put right is exercised. The
put right expires fourteen (14) days from end of the Market Period. In connection with the Put Option Agreement, the Company recorded
a common stock repurchase obligation in the amount of million, reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as Common
stock repurchase obligation (see Note 14). 

of the combined company on a fully converted basis
after the closing of the Merger. As a result of the above transactions and the Company s intent to dispose or divest the assets
and liabilities associated with the RTD Business as discussed below, this transaction was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization
of Home Bistro Holdings where Home Bistro Holdings is considered the historical registrant and the historical operations presented will
be those of Home Bistro Holdings. 

Prepaid expense 

Operating right-of-use asset 

Total assets acquired 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating right-of-use liability 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net liability assumed 

related to accounting expense of the RTD Business for a period prior to the Merger. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement,
the Buyer reimbursed the Company for accounting expenses in amount of incurred prior to the Merger, of which was payable
in cash and the balance in form of a promissory note dated September 25, 2020 in the amount of . The promissory note bears interest
at a rate of per annum, matures on April 25, 2021 and is payable in monthly installments of commencing on October 25, 2020 through
April 25, 2021. As of December 31, 2020, remained due on the promissory note. The Company received the cash portion of the
consideration as of December 31, 2020. The reimbursement was recorded to additional paid in capital as reflected in the accompanying
consolidated statements of changes in stockholders deficit. 

F- 52 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Net liabilities 

Expense reimbursement by Buyer 

Disposal of net liabilities to a related party 

Professional and consulting expenses 

Selling and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Interest income (expense) 

Other income, net 

Income from discontinued operations 

reflected above was due to the settlement of outstanding liabilities owed to a vendor in connection with the RTD Business. 

F- 53 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock and were paid in cash. shares of common stock with grant date fair value of (see Note 1). The shares are subject to a 24-month Lockup
and Leak-Out Agreement and were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The acquisition of Model Meals will allow the
Company the ability to increase its customer base, geographic distribution area, and prepared meals available on its ecommerce sights. 

Computer software 

Customer relationships 

Trademark 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired at fair value 

Less: total liabilities assumed 

Net asset acquired 

Purchase consideration paid: 

Fair value of common shares issued 

Cash consideration 

Total purchase consideration paid 

F- 54 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Net Loss 

Net Loss per Share 

F- 55 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

, which includes computer software, customer relationships and trademarks, for a total consideration
of (see Note 3). The excess consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired of was recorded as goodwill. 

shares of common stock issued to other members with an aggregate
fair value of , valued based on the market price of common stock on the close date of October 25, 2021. The shares issued to
the other members were consideration to terminate an exclusivity and non-compete agreement the celebrity chef had with Homemade Meals.
The Company issued the celebrity chef shares of common stock with a fair value of , valued based on the market price
of common stock on the close date of Company s common stock. The Company s primary reason for acquiring the membership interests
in Homemade Meals was to terminate the non-compete agreement between the celebrity chef and Homemade Meals, thereby enabling the celebrity
chef to execute the License Agreement with the Company. At the time of execution of the Member Agreement, Homemade meals held no significant
assets and had no business operations and the Member Agreement was solely executed to terminate the exclusivity and non-compete agreement
the celebrity chef had with Homemade Meals. The Company recorded the shares given to the celebrity chef and the members of Homemade Meals
has two separate transactions. 

shares of common stock with fair value of , valued based on the market price of common
stock on the acquisition date, issued to the celebrity chef as the cost of the License Agreement and was recorded as an intangible asset
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and will be amortized over the three-year term of the License Agreement. In addition, the
aggregate of shares of common stock issued to other members with an aggregate fair value of , valued based on the
market price of common stock on the acquisition date, was accounted for as compensation to terminate the exclusivity and non-compete agreement
and was recorded as product development expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Less: Impairment 

Goodwill, net 

years 

Customer relationships 
 years 

Trademark 
 Indefinite

License agreement 
 years 

Total 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

Intangible assets with a finite life, net 

F- 56 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

of amortization expense related to the intangible assets. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total 

Less: debt discount 

Convertible notes payable, net 

Principal amount related party 

Less: debt discount related party 

Convertible note payable - related party, net 

Total convertible notes payable, net 

, and (ii) issued a total of shares of common stock, as a commitment fee and shares (the Second Commitment
Shares issued as a returnable commitment fee. Accordingly, the Company deems the Second Commitment Shares as unissued shares for
accounting purposes. The shares of common stock were recorded as a debt discount of based on the relative fair value method.
Pursuant to the December 2020 Note I, the Company received net proceeds of , net of OID and of issuance costs.
The OID, issuance costs and issued commitment fee shares of common stock have been recorded as a debt discount to be amortized into interest
expense over the twelve-month term of the note. The December 2020 Note I bears an interest rate of per annum (which shall increase
to per annum upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the December 2020 Note I)) and shall mature on December 18,
2021. The obligations of the Company under the December 2020 Note I rank senior with respect to any and all unsecured indebtedness
incurred following the issue date except with respect to the Company s current and future indebtedness with Shopify and any further
loans that may be received pursuant to the CARES Act and the SBA s Economic Injury Disaster loan program. Further, the December
2020 Note I contain standard anti-dilution provisions and price protections provisions in the event that the Company issues securities
for a price per share less than the Conversion Price. The December 2020 Agreements I contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions
common with this type of debt transaction. Furthermore, the Company is subject to certain negative covenants under the December 2020 Agreements
I, which the Company also believes are customary for transactions of this type. The December 2020 SPA I also provides the investor with
certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company include the issued shares for
sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. As of December 31, 2020, the
December 2020 Note I had outstanding principal and accrued interest of and , respectively. 

F- 57 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

I. The fair value of the derivative liability associated with the December 2020 Note I at Redemption Date amounted to and
was reclassified to gain on debt extinguishment in the accompanying consolidated statement of operation upon redemption. Any remaining
unamortized debt discounts were recognized as interest expense on the Redemption Date. As of October 31, 2021, the December 2020 Note
I had no outstanding balance. 

, and (ii) issued shares of common stock as a commitment fee and shares (the Second Commitment
Shares issued as a returnable commitment fee. Accordingly, the Company deems the Second Commitment Shares as unissued shares for
accounting purposes. The shares of common stock issued were recorded as a debt discount of based on the relative fair value
method. Pursuant to the December 2020 Note II, the Company received net proceeds of , net of OID and of issuance
costs. The OID, issuance costs and issued commitment fee shares of common stock have been recorded as a debt discount to be amortized
into interest expense over the twelve-month term of the note. The December 2020 Note II matures on December 28, 2021 and bears an interest
rate of per annum (which shall increase to per annum upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the December 2020
Note II)). 

. The December 2020 Note II rank senior with respect to any
and all unsecured indebtedness incurred following the issue date except with respect to the Company s current and future indebtedness
with Shopify and any further loans that may be received pursuant to the CARES Act and the SBA s Economic Injury Disaster loan program.
Further, the December 2020 Note II contain standard anti-dilution provisions and price protections provisions in the event that the Company
issues securities for a price per share less than the Conversion Price. The December 2020 Agreements II contain other provisions, covenants,
and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. Furthermore, the Company is subject to certain negative covenants under the
December 2020 Agreements II, which the Company also believes are also customary for transactions of this type. The December 2020 SPA II
also provides the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company
include the issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. 

of the purchase amount of the December 2020 Note II
as liquidated damages, and not as a penalty for each time it fails to meet the Filing Deadline. The liquidated damages set forth in the
Registration Agreement shall be paid, at the holder s option, in cash or securities priced at the share price, or portion thereof.
Failure of the Company to make payment within five business days of the Filing Date shall be considered a breach of the Registration Agreement. 

F- 58 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock December
2020 Warrant II as additional commitment fee. The December 2020 Warrant II; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value
method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to
the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

and was recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over
the twelve-month term. 

different from the present value of the remaining cash flows of the current terms and no gain or loss was recognized
on modification on March 24, 2021. The warrant issued as additional commitment fee was capitalized and amortized as of the original issue
date based on the Company s elected accounting policy. 

;
(ii) issued a total of shares of common stock as a commitment fee and; (iii) shall issue shares of common stock which is
returnable pursuant to the terms of the January 2021 Agreements I (the Second Commitment Shares ). The shares of common
stock issued were recorded as a debt discount of based on the relative fair value method. The Company received net proceeds of
 , net of OID and issuance cost. The OID, issuance costs and issued commitment fee shares of common stock have been
recorded as a debt discount to be amortized into interest expense over the twelve-month term of the note. The January 2021 Note I matures
on January 12, 2022 and bears an interest rate of per annum (which shall increase to per annum upon the occurrence of an Event
of Default (as defined in the January 2021 Note I)). The Company shall make nine monthly cash payments Amortization Payments in the amount of beginning April 12, 2021. The Company can elect to extend the Amortization Payment due date by thirty-days
by notifying the holder on or before the of the due date and pay an extension fee of , provided that the note is not in default.
The first twelve months of interest (equal to shall be guaranteed and earned in full as of the issue date, however if the note
is repaid in its entirety, on or prior to, the due date of the first Amortization Payment, then the interest shall be accrued on a per
annum basis based on the number of days elapsed as of the repayment date from the issue date. During the ten months ended October 31,
2021, the Company fully paid the January 2021 Note I. As of October 31, 2021, the January 2021 Note I had no outstanding balance. 

. The January 2021 Note I rank senior with respect to any and all
unsecured indebtedness incurred following the issue date except with respect to the Company s current and future indebtedness with
e-commerce platform provider and any further loans that may be received pursuant to the CARES Act and the SBA s Economic Injury
Disaster loan program. Further, the January 2021 Note I contain standard anti-dilution provisions and price protections provisions in
the event that the Company issues securities for a price per share less than the Conversion Price. The January 2021 Agreements I contain
other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The January 2021 SPA I also provides the investor
with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company include the issued shares
for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. 

F- 59 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock January
2021 Warrant I as additional commitment fee. The January 2021 Warrant I; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value
method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to
the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

which was recorded as a debt discount to be amortize over
the twelve-month term of the note. 

different from the present value of the remaining cash flows of the current terms and no gain or loss was recognized
on modification on March 31, 2021. The warrant issued as additional commitment fee was capitalized and amortized as of the original issue
date based on the Company s elected accounting policy. 

(the January
2021 Note II with the Company receiving in net proceeds, net of of OID recorded as a debt discount to be amortized
over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) issued shares of common stock, subject to a true-up based upon the trading price
of the common stock and the investor s ownership limitations Commitment Share True-up (as discussed below under
 Commitment Share True-Up Provision) and; (iii) a warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock (the January 2021
Warrant II , and together with the January 2021 SPA II and the January 2021 Note II, the January 2021 Agreements II ).
The shares of common stock and warrants issued were valued at and , respectively, using the relative fair
value method and the Commitment Share True-up had a fixed monetary value of , all recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over
the twelve-month term of the note. The January 2021 Note II matured on and a one-time interest charge of was applied
on the issue date and will be payable on the maturity date. Upon an event of default, the outstanding balance will immediately and automatically
increase to of the outstanding balance under the January 2021 Note II immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default
and becomes immediately due and payable. The Company made nine monthly cash payments Amortization Payments in the amount
of beginning May 1, 2021. The investor may only convert the January 2021 Note II at any time or times on or after the occurrence
of an Event of Default. The January 2021 Note II was convertible at the rate equal to of the lowest trading price occurring during
the twenty-five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date Conversion Price ). The
January 2021 Agreements II contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The January
2021 SPA II also provides the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request
that the Company include the issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of
1934, as amended. During the transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid of principal and of accrued
interest. During the twelve months ended October 31, 2022, the Company paid the remaining of principal and of accrued
interest. As of July 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021, the January 2021 Note II had outstanding principal and accrued interest of and
 , respectively. 

shares of common stock; (i) valued at using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ;
(iii) subject to adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

F- 60 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

(the March 2021 Note
I with the Company receiving in net proceeds, net of of OID recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the
twelve-month term of the note; (ii) issued shares of common stock, subject to a true-up based upon the trading price of the common
stock and the investor s ownership limitations Commitment Share True-up (as discussed below under Commitment
Share True-Up Provision) and; (iii) a warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock (the March 2021 Warrant I ,
and together with the March 2021 SPA I and the March 2021 Note I, the March 2021 Agreements I ). The investor may only convert the March 2021 Note I at any time or times on or after the occurrence of
an Event of Default. The March 2021 Note I was convertible at the rate equal to 105 of the lowest trading price occurring during the
twenty-five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date Conversion Price ). The March
2021 Agreements I contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The March 2021 SPA
I also provides the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company
include the issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended.
During the transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid of the principal and of accrued interest. During
the six months ending July 31, 2022, the Company paid the remaining of the principal and of accrued interest. As of July
31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the March 2021 Note I had outstanding principal of and , respectively. 

shares of common stock; (i) valued at using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ;
(iii) subject to adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

(the March 2021 Note III with the Company receiving 
in net proceeds, net of of OID recorded as a debt discount to be amortize over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) issued
 shares of common stock, subject to a true-up based upon the trading price of the common stock and the investor s ownership
limitations Commitment Share True-up (as discussed below under Commitment Share True-Up Provision) and; (iii) a
warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock (the March 2021 Warrant III , and together with the March 2021 SPA
III and the March 2021 Note III, the March 2021 Agreements III ). The March 2021 Agreements III
contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The March 2021 SPA III also provides
the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company include the
issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. During the
transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid of principal and of accrued interest. During the twelve months
ended October 31, 2022, the Company paid the remaining of principal and of accrued interest. As of July 31, 2022 and October
31, 2021, the March 2021 Note III had outstanding principal of and respectively. 

shares of common stock; (i) valued at using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ;
(iii) subject to adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

F- 61 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

(the March 2021
Note V with the Company receiving in net proceeds, net of of OID recorded as a debt discount to be amortized
over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) issued shares of common stock, subject to a true-up based upon the trading price of
the common stock and the investor s ownership limitations Commitment Share True-up (as discussed below under Commitment
Share True-Up Provision) and; (iii) a warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock (the March 2021 Warrant V ,
and together with the March 2021 SPA V and the March 2021 Note V, the March 2021Agreements V ). Upon an event of default, the outstanding balance will immediately and automatically increase to 140 of the outstanding
balance under the March 2021 Note V immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default and becomes immediately due and payable.
The Company shall make nine monthly cash payments Amortization Payments ), in the amount of due on the first
day of each month, beginning July 1, 2021. The investor may only convert the March 2021 Note V at any time or times on or after the occurrence
of an Event of Default. The March
2021 Agreements V contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The March 2021 SPA
V also provides the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company
include the issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended.
During the transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid of principal and of accrued interest. During
the twelve months ended October 31, 2022, the Company paid the remaining of principal and of accrued interest. As of July
31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the March 2021 Note V had outstanding principal of and , respectively. 

shares of common stock; (i) valued at using the relative
fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of
 ; (iii) subject to adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

(the April 2021
Note with the Company receiving in net proceeds, net of of OID and of legal fees; (ii) issued shares
of common stock, subject to a true-up based upon the trading price of the common stock and the investor s ownership limitations Commitment Share True-up and; (iii) issued warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock (the April 2021
Warrant , and together with the April 2021 SPA and the April 2021 Note, the April 2021Agreements ). The
April 2021 Agreements contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The April 2021
SPA also provides the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the
Company include the issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as
amended. During the transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid of principal and of accrued interest.
During the twelve months ended October 31, 2022, the Company paid the remaining of principal and of accrued interest. As
of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the April 2021 Note had outstanding principal of and , respectively. 

F- 62 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock; (i) valued at using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ;
(iii) subject to adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

(the May 2021 Note I with the Company receiving in net proceeds, net of of OID and of legal fees; (ii) issued shares of common
stock (the First Commitment Shares as a commitment fee and shall issue shares of common stock (the Second
Commitment Shares issued as a returnable commitment fee, accordingly, the Company deems the Second Commitment Shares as unissued
for accounting purposes and; (iii) issued a warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock (the May 2021 Warrant I ,
and together with the May 2021 SPA I and the May 2021 Note I, the May 2021 Agreements I ). The May 2021 Agreements I contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with
this type of debt transaction. The May 2021 SPA I also provides the investor with certain piggyback registration rights,
permitting them to request that the Company include the issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company
under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. During the transitional period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid of principal
and of accrued interest. During the twelve months ended October 31, 2022, the Company paid the remaining of principal and
 of accrued interest. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the May 2021 Note I had outstanding principal of and ,
respectively. 

shares of common stock; (i) valued at using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ;
(iii) subject to adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

The investor may only convert the May 2021 Note II at any time or times on or after the occurrence of an event of default.
 The May 2021 Agreements II contain
other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The May 2021 SPA II also provides the investor
with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company include the issued shares
for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. During the transitional
period ending October 31, 2021, the Company paid of principal and of accrued interest. During the twelve months ended
October 31, 2022, the Company paid of principal and of accrued interest. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, the
May 2021 Note II had outstanding principal of and , respectively. 

F- 63 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock; (i) valued at using the relative
fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of
 ; (iii) subject to adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

(the September 2021 Note
I with the Company receiving in net proceeds, net of of OID; (ii) issued shares of common stock (the First
Commitment Shares as commitment fee and; (iii) issued warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock (the September
2021 Warrant I , and together with the September 2021 SPA I and the September 2021 Note I, the September 2021 Agreements
I ). . The investor may only convert the September 2021 Note I at any time or times on or after the occurrence of an event of default.
The September 2021 Note I was convertible at the rate equal to 105 of the lowest trading price occurring during the twenty-five consecutive
trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date Conversion Price ). The September 2021 Agreements
I contain other provisions, covenants, and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. The September 2021 SPA I also provides
the investor with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting them to request that the Company include the
issued shares for sale in certain registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. During the
twelve months ended October 31, 2022, the Company paid of principal and of accrued interest. As of July 31, 2022 and
October 31, 2021, the September 2021 Note I had outstanding principal of and , respectively. 

shares of common stock; (i) valued at using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the nine-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ;
(iii) subject to adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

(the September 2021 Note
II with the Company receiving in net proceeds, net of of OID and of legal fees; (ii) issued shares
of common stock (the First Commitment Shares as commitment fee and; (iii) issued warrant to purchase up to shares
of common stock (the September 2021 Warrant II , and together with the September 2021 SPA II and the September 2021 Note
II, the September 2021 Agreements II ). If the first day of any calendar month is not on a business day, then the Company shall make
monthly payments on the next business day. The investor may only convert the September 2021 Note II at any time or times on or after the
occurrence of an event of default. The September 2021 Note II is convertible at the rate equal to 105 of the lowest trading price occurring
during the twenty-five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date Conversion Price ). 

F- 64 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

of principal and of accrued interest. As of July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021,
the September 2021 Note II had outstanding principal of and , respectively. 

shares of common stock; (i) valued at using the relative fair
value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ;
(iii) subject to adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

May 2022 Note I with the
Company receiving in net proceeds, net of of OID and of legal fees; (ii) issued warrants to purchase up to 
shares of common stock May 2022 Warrant I ). 

shares of common stock; (i) valued at using the relative fair value method and
recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the May 2022 Note I; (ii) exercisable at , provided, however,
upon the Uplist Offering, the exercise price shall equal of the Uplist Offering; after180 calendar days from the issuance date the
exercise price shall be ; (iii) subject to adjustments and ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the third-year anniversary
from the date of issuance. 

. 

F- 65 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

May 2022 Note II with
the Company receiving in net proceeds, net of of OID and of legal fees; (ii) issued warrants to purchase up to
 shares of common stock May 2022 Warrant II ). 

shares of common stock; (i) valued at using the relative fair value method and
recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the May 2022 Note II; (ii) exercisable at , provided,
however, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering within 180 calendar days from the issuance date in which case the exercise
price shall be equal to of the Uplist Offering price; after180 calendar days from the issuance date the exercise price shall be ;
(iii) subject to adjustments and ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the third-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

. 

May 2022 Note III with
the Company receiving in net proceeds, net of of OID and of legal fees; (ii) issued warrants to purchase up to
 shares of common stock May 2022 Warrant III ). Upon an event of default, at the option of the investor the conversion price shall equal
 of the lowest VWAP for the common stock during the five-trading day period prior to the conversion date. 

F- 66 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock; (i) valued at using the relative fair value method and
recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the twelve-month term of the May 2022 Note III; (ii) exercisable at however if
the Company consummates an Uplist Offering within 180 calendar days from the issuance date in which case the exercise price shall be equal
to of the Uplist Offering price; after180 calendar days from the issuance date the exercise price shall be ; (iii) subject
to adjustments and ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the third-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

. 

(the July 2022 Note ). Upon closing, the Company received in net proceeds from the Investor, which was net
of of legal fees. 

, has a default interest rate of , and matures on (the Maturity Date ).
The Investor may convert the July 2022 Note into shares of the Company s common stock 180 days after the Issue Date until the later
of (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date the Company pays any amounts owed in connection with an event of default. The per share conversion
price into which the July 2022 Note is convertible into shares of common stock (the Conversion Price is multiplied
by the average of the lowest two closing bid prices for the common stock during the ten trading days ending on the last trading day prior
to the conversion date. 

and (ii)(a) the highest number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the default sum at the Conversion Price, multiplied by (b) the highest closing price for the
Common Stock during the period beginning on the date of first occurrence of the event of default and ending one day prior to the mandatory
prepayment date. 

was recognized and charged to interest expense. 

F- 67 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Valuation of Warrants 

years 

Volatility 
 to 

Risk free interest rate 
 to 

F- 68 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

of the outstanding shares of Common Stock at that time. For purposes of
the provision to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder. The Company shall at all
times reserve shares of its Common Stock for Holder in an amount equal to multiplied by (X) the quotient of the Commitment Value
divided by the lowest traded price of the Common Stock during the five Trading Days immediately preceding the respective date of calculation,
multiplied by 1.5, less (Y) the Original Shares. At the inception of the respective Notes, the value of the true-up shares is based on
a fixed monetary amount known at inception to be settled with a variable number of shares if triggered which reflects stock settled debt.
Therefore, the Commitment Share True-up had an aggregate fixed monetary value of which is reflected as liability to be settled
with common stock in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

was recorded as derivative liabilities and debt discount. 

using the relative fair value method and recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the term of the Notes. 

for the ten months ended October 31, 2021. 

to 

Volatility 

Risk free interest rate 
 to 

Default probability 

, included as interest expense on the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. At October 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 the unamortized debt discount was and , respectively. 

F- 69 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

. The note bore interest at a rate of per year and had a maturity date of . During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company repaid of outstanding principal. During the year ended December
31, 2020, the Company paid the outstanding principal balance of the note payable in full which amounted to . As of December 31,
2020, the note payable had no outstanding balance. 

Less: current portion 

Notes payable - long term portion 

Year ended October 31, 2023 

Year ended October 31, 2024 

Year ended October 31, 2025 

Thereafter 

Total principal payments 

through the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP of the CARES Act, administered by
the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ). The PPP note bears an interest rate per annum and accrues on the unpaid
principal balance computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in a year of 360 days. Commencing six months after the effective
date of the PPP note, the Company is required to pay the lender equal monthly payments of principal and interest as required to fully
amortize any unforgiven principal balance of the loan by the two-year anniversary of the effective date of the PPP note (the Maturity
Date ). The Maturity Date can be extended to five years if mutually agreed upon by both the lender and the Company. The PPP note
contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, making materially false or misleading representations
to the SBA or the lender, or breaching the terms of the PPP note. The occurrence of an event of default may result in the repayment of
all amounts outstanding under the PPP note, collection of all amounts owing from the Company, or filing suit and obtaining judgment against
the Company. Under the terms of the CARES Act, PPP loan recipients can apply for and be granted forgiveness for all
or a portion of the loan granted under the PPP. Such forgiveness will be determined, subject to limitations, based on the use of loan
proceeds for payment of payroll costs and any payments of mortgage interest, rent, and utilities. Recent modifications to the PPP by the
U.S. Treasury and Congress have extended the time period for loan forgiveness beyond the original eight-week period, making it possible
for the Company to apply for forgiveness of its PPP note. No assurance can be given that the Company will be successful in obtaining
forgiveness of the loan in whole or in part. On April 28, 2021, the SBA authorized forgiveness of the outstanding principal balance
of and of accrued interest payable of the Company s PPP loan which has been recorded as a gain on debt forgiveness
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of October 31, 2021, the PPP note had no outstanding balance. 

F- 70 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

,
net of processing fee, to be used for working capital purposes only. Pursuant to the SBA Loan Agreement, the Company executed; (i)
a note for the benefit of the SBA SBA Note ), which contains customary events of default; and (ii) a Security Agreement,
granting the SBA a security interest in all tangible and intangible personal property of the Company, which also contains customary events
of default. The SBA Note bears an interest rate of per annum which accrue from the date of the advance. Installment payments in
the amount of , including principal and interest, are due monthly beginning May 20, 2021 (twelve months from the date of the SBA Note).
The balance of principal and interest is payable thirty years from the date of the SBA Note. As of October 31, 2021, the SBA Note had
an outstanding principal balance of and of accrued interest, reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
under accrued expense and other liabilities. 

,
to be used for working capital purposes only. Pursuant to the SBA Loan Agreement, the Company executed; (i) a note for the benefit of
the SBA SBA Note ), which contains customary events of default; and (ii) a Security Agreement, granting the SBA a security
interest in all tangible and intangible personal property of the Company, which also contains customary events of default. The SBA Note
bears an interest rate of per annum which accrue from the date of the advance. Instalment payments, including principal and interest,
are due monthly beginning June 17, 2021 (twelve months from the date of the SBA Note) in the amount of . The balance of principal
and interest is payable thirty years from the date of the SBA Note. As of October 31, 2021, the SBA Note had an outstanding principal
balance of and accrued interest of , reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets under accrued expense and
other liabilities. 

which was recorded as other income in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. 

. The Note bears
an interest of per annum and matures on . The Company may prepay all or any portion of the interest and the unpaid
principal balance of this Note at any time, or from time to time, without penalty or premium. As of October 31, 2021, the Note had an
outstanding principal balance of and accrued interest of , reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets under
accrued expense and other liabilities. 

of principal and will repay by remitting of the
total customer payments processed daily by the e-commerce platform provider until the advance is repaid in full. During the year ended
December 31, 2020, the Company paid the principal balance of the advance in full and there was no balance outstanding as of December 31,
2020. 

of principal and will repay by remitting of the total customer payments processed daily by the
e-commerce platform provider until the advance is repaid in full. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company paid the advance
in full and there was no balance outstanding as of December 31, 2020. 

of principal and will repay by remitting of the total customer payments processed daily by the
e-commerce platform provider until the advance is repaid in full. In 2020, the Company paid of the principal balance and the advance
had an outstanding balance . During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company paid the advance in full and there was no
balance outstanding as of October 31, 2021. 

F- 71 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

of principal and will repay by remitting of the total customer payments processed daily by
the e-commerce platform provider until the advance is repaid in full. As of December 31, 2020, the advance had outstanding principal balance
of . During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company paid the advance in full and there was no balance outstanding as
of October 31, 2021. 

In 2020, the Company paid of principal balance and the advance had an outstanding balance of as of December 31, 2020. During
the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company paid the advance in full and there was no balance outstanding as of October 31, 2021. 

of principal and will repay by remitting of the total customer payments processed daily by the
e-commerce platform provider until the advance is repaid in full. During the months ended October 31, 2021, the Company paid the advance
in full and there was no balance outstanding as of October 31, 2021. 

During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company paid the advance in
full and there was no balance outstanding as of October 31, 2021. 

of principal and will repay by remitting of the total customer payments processed daily by the e-commerce
platform provider until the advance is repaid in full. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company paid of the outstanding
balance. The advance had of outstanding balance as of September 30, 2021, reflected as advance payable on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. 

of principal and will repay by remitting of the total customer payments processed daily by
the e-commerce platform provider until the advance is repaid in full. The advance has an outstanding balance of as of September
30, 2021, reflected as advance payable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

of principal and will repay by making weekly installments of until
the advance is repaid in full. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company paid the advance in full and there was no balance
outstanding as of October 31, 2021. 

F- 72 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

and , respectively. Pursuant to the
lease agreement, the lease requires the Company to pay a monthly base rent of for the remainder of the lease term. 

which is included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations. 

which was based on the Company s estimated incremental
borrowing rate. 

Less accumulated amortization 

Balance of Operating ROU assets, net 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Reduction of operating lease liabilities 

Total 

Less: short term portion 

Long term portion 

Year ending October 31, 2023 

Year ending October 31, 2024 

Total minimum non-cancelable operating lease payments 

Less: discount to fair value 

Total operating lease liabilities at October 31, 2021 

At the effective date of the financing agreement, the Company recorded a financing lease payable of . 

which was based on the Company s estimated incremental
borrowing rate. 

F- 73 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Balance of financing ROU assets, net 

. 

Total financing lease payables 

Reduction of financing lease liability 

Total 

Less: short term portion 

Long term portion 

Year ending October 31, 2023 

Year ending October 31, 2024 

Total minimum non-cancelable financing lease payments 

Less: discount to fair value 

Total financing lease liabilities at October 31, 2021 

Acquired gift card liability (see Note 3) 

Sale and issuance of gift cards 

Revenue from breakage 

Total gift card redemptions 

Ending balance 

F- 74 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

by the Company s current chief executive officer and principal stockholder for its inbound and outbound
shipping needs. The related entity bills the Company for the direct cost of the shipping charges plus a fee. The total amount incurred
and paid to the related entity during the ten months ended October 31, 2021 was and was for the year ended December
31, 2020, which is included in cost of goods sold on the statement of operations. There were no amounts due to this related party for
these services as of October 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 

Proportional adjustments for the reverse stock split were made to the Company s outstanding stock
options, stock warrants and equity incentive plans. All share and per-share data and amounts have been retroactively adjusted as of the
earliest period presented in the consolidated financial statements to reflect the reverse stock split (see Note 1). 

from (see Note 1). 

shares of Series A Preferred stock, were exchanged for aggregate of shares of common stock and of stock warrants. stock warrants issued are exercisable at and expire on April 20, 2030. As of September 30, 2020, there were no outstanding shares of Series A Preferred stock. 

shares of Series B Convertible Preferred stock owned by a former officer were cancelled on April 9, 2020 pursuant to a General Release Agreement and the remaining shares of Series B Convertible Preferred stock remain issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2020. 

shares of commons stock held by a stockholder were exchanged for of stock warrants, exercisable at and expire on April 20, 2030. 

stock warrants with exercise price of and expiration date of April 20, 2030, in exchange for certain outstanding shares of the Company s common stock on the date of the Merger. On April 20, 2020, pursuant to the Exchange Agreement (see Note 3), the Company issued stock warrants with exercise price of and expiration date of April 20, 2030 in exchange for certain outstanding common stock shares of Home Bistro on the date of the Merger. 

F- 75 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock valued at using the relative fair value method to two non-affiliate investors as commitment fee in connection with the December 2020 Financings (see Note 5) which was recorded as debt discount which will be amortized over the life of the notes. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee, pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee, pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

shares of common stock to a related party investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as commitment fee pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (see Note 5), valued at using the relative fair value method and was recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note. 

F- 76 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

related to an aggregate of shares of common stock issued to employees and various consultants, of which was charged as compensation and related expenses, as professional and consulting expenses and as selling and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The stock-based compensation was based on the fair value of common stock on the date of grant. In addition, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock with grant date fair value of for product development services pursuant to an agreement (see below under Warrants ). 

and , respectively, related to shares of common stock issued to a director and executive pursuant to employment agreements (see Note 14) which was recorded as compensation and related expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The stock-based compensation was based on the fair value of common stock on the date of grant. As of October 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, there was no unamortized compensation expense related to these common stocks. 

shares of common stock, to a related party for aggregate cash proceeds of . 

shares of common stock, to non-affiliate investors for aggregate net cash proceeds of , net of of issuance costs. 

related to an aggregate of shares of common stock issued to employees and various consultants, of which was charged as compensation and related expenses, as professional and consulting expenses and as selling and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The stock-based compensation was based on the fair value of common stock on the date of grant. 

shares of common stock with fair value of based on the fair value of common stock on the date of grant, pursuant to an agreement which was recorded as deferred compensation and is being amortized over the -year term of the agreement. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, of the deferred compensation was expensed as product development expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of October 31, 2021, there was of deferred compensation related to this agreement. 

shares of common stock with fair value of based on the fair value of common stock on the date of grant, pursuant to an agreement which was recorded as deferred compensation and is being amortized over the term of the agreement. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, of the deferred compensation was expensed as product development expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of October 31, 2021, there was of deferred compensation related to this agreement. On September 15, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with fair value of based on the fair value of common stock on the date of grant, pursuant to an agreement which was recorded as deferred compensation and is being amortized over the 2-year term of the agreement. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, of the deferred compensation was expensed as product development expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of October 31, 2021, there was of deferred compensation related to this agreement. 

shares of common stock with fair value of based on the fair value of common stock on the date of grant, pursuant to a consulting agreement which was recorded as professional and consulting expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

shares of common stock with an aggregate grant date fair value of or per share based on the market price of common stock on grant date, to two consultants pursuant to a consulting agreement (see Note 14). The fair value of the common stock was initially recorded in equity as deferred compensation which will be amortized over the twelve-month service period. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company amortized 1,050,00 of the deferred compensation which was charged to professional and consulting expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of October 31, 2021, the deferred compensation related to this agreement was which will be amortized over a period of five months. 

F- 77 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock with fair value of or an average per share price of , based on the market price of common stock on grant date, pursuant to a Lock-Up Leak Out Agreement (see Note 14). The fair value of the common stock was initially recorded in equity as deferred compensation which is amortized over the lock up period of three-to-four-month period. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company amortized of the deferred compensation and was recorded as interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. As of October 31, 2021, the deferred compensation related to this agreement was which will be amortized over a period of three months. 

shares of common stock with fair value of , based on the market price of common stock on date of acquisition, to members of Model Meals, LLC in exchange for membership, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (see Note 1 and Note 3). 

shares of common stock, with fair value of , based on the market price of common stock on date of issuance, to members of Homemade Meals, LLC as compensation to terminate an exclusivity and non-compete agreement in order to execute a license agreement with a celebrity which was recorded as product development expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and (ii) shares of common stock with fair value of , based on the market price of common stock, as consideration to a celebrity chef in connection with the execution of a License Agreement which was capitalized as an intangible asset and is being amortized over the three-year term (see Note 4). 

Balance on December 31, 2020 

Expired 

Balance on October 31, 2021 

F- 78 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock with exercise price of per share (in whole or in part) and expiration date of April 20, 2030 (see above Common Stocks and Warrants Issued Pursuant to Recapitalization), in exchange for certain outstanding shares of the Company s common stock on the date of the Merger. 

shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share (in whole or in part) and expiration date of April 20, 2030 in exchange for certain outstanding common stock shares of Home Bistro Holdings on the date of the Merger, of which the Company had received in total proceeds prior to the Merger in exchange for shares of Home Bistro Holdings common stock. 

shares of the Company s common stock to a am executive in connection with an employment agreement (see Note 14). This warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part, upon issuance at per share, and expires on October 1, 2026. These warrants have a grant date fair value of , recorded as compensation and related expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

shares of the Company s common stock to a third-party entity in connection with the Joint Product Development and Distribution Agreement (see Note 14). This warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part, upon issuance at per share, and expires on September 22, 2030. This warrant has a grant date fair value of recorded at issuance as product development expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 

shares of the Company s common stock to a third-party entity in connection with a consulting agreement. This warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part, upon issuance at per share, and expires on . These warrants have a grant date fair value of , recorded as professional and consulting expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

shares of the Company s common stock to a third-party entity in connection with a consulting agreement. This warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part, upon issuance at per share, and expires on . These warrants have a grant date fair value of , recorded as professional and consulting expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

shares of the Company s common stock to a third-party entity in connection with a consulting agreement. This warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part, upon issuance at per share, and expires on . These warrants have a grant date fair value of , recorded as professional and consulting expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

shares of the Company s common stock to a third-party entity in connection with a consulting agreement. This warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part, upon issuance at per share, and expires on . These warrants have a grant date fair value of , recorded as professional and consulting expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

shares of the Company s common stock to a third-party entity in connection with a consulting agreement. This warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part, upon issuance at per share, and expires on October 1, 2026. These warrants have a grant date fair value of , recorded as professional and consulting expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

shares of the Company s common stock to a related-party entity in connection with a consulting agreement (see Note 14). This warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part, upon issuance at per share, and expires on . These warrants have a grant date fair value of , recorded as professional and consulting expenses - related party on the consolidated statements of operations. 

F- 79 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

shares of common to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

shares of common stock to a related party investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

F- 80 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

shares of common stock to a non-affiliate investor as additional commitment fee pursuant to a note amendment (see Note 5). The warrant; (i) was valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note; (ii) has an exercise price of ; (iii) subject to the adjustments and , ownership limitation and; (iv) expires on the fifth-year anniversary from the date of issuance. 

years. The interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time
of grant. The computation of volatility was based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock and the Company s
expected divided yield was estimated to be zero. 

to years 

Volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

to 

Issued pursuant to Exchange Agreement (see Note 3) 

Granted 

Balance on December 31, 2020 

Issued as commitment fee pursuant to convertible debt (see Note 5) 

Granted 

Stock warrants exercisable on October 31, 2021 

Weighted average fair value of stock warrants granted during the period 

on October 31, 2021. 

F- 81 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Income tax benefit state 

Non-deductible expenses 

Change in tax rate state from to 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total provision for income tax 

Total deferred tax asset 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

at October 31, 2021. The Company provided a full valuation allowance equal to the net deferred income tax
asset as of October 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 because it was not known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize
the loss carryforward. Additionally, the future utilization of the net operating loss carryforward to offset future taxable income is
subject to annual limitations as a result of ownership or business changes that occurred prior to 2021 and may occur in the future. The
Company has not conducted a study to determine the limitations on the utilization of these net operating loss carryforwards. 

in 2021. The total net loss carryforward on October 31, 2021 is . 

F- 82 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

and (ii) a one-time warrant grant of shares of common stock, with grant a date fair value of (see
Note 12), which vested upon issuance, exercisable at and expires on October 1, 2026. Mr. Duchman is entitled to vacation, sick
and holiday pay and other benefits, in accordance with the Company s policies established and in effect from time to time. The Company
may terminate the Mr. Duchman for cause (as defined in Employment Agreement) by giving Mr. Duchman written notice approved by the Board
of Directors Board of such termination, such notice (i) to state in detail the particular act or acts or failure or failures
to act that constitute the grounds on which the proposed termination for cause is based and (ii) to be given within six months of the
Board learning of such act or acts or failure or failures to act. The Employment Agreement may be terminated at Board s discretion
during the Term, provided that if Mr. Duchman is terminated without cause, the Company shall pay to Mr. Duchman an amount calculated by
multiplying Mr. Duchman monthly salary, at the time of such termination, times the number of months remaining in the Term. 

. The former landlord agreed to as full satisfaction of all obligations owed at the time
of the Surrender Agreement. The Company agreed to make regular payments on the outstanding rental obligation until paid in full through
September 2019; however, there is no penalty if the obligation is not fully paid by such date. As of October 31, 2021 and December 31,
2020, the balance remaining due on this obligation were and , respectively, included in accounts payable on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. 

shares of common stock (see Note 12). The Development Agreement
has a three-year term, unless sooner terminated pursuant to its terms. 

F- 83 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

. For the second and third year of the Development Agreement s
term, the Development Agreement estimates that Corlich will be guaranteed a minimum royalty payment of and , respectively,
subject to the achievement of the prior year s guaranteed minimum royalty GMR payment and the parties agreement
to negotiate in good faith a lower guaranteed minimum royalty if such guaranteed minimum royalty payment is not achieved or to otherwise
terminate the Development Agreement. Royalties above the guaranteed minimum royalty are based on an increasing percentage of net revenues
generated from the sale of Cat Cora Meals as certain revenue milestones are met as defined in the Distribution Agreement. The GMR is
expensed to cost of sales over the term of the Development Agreement. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company paid
an aggregate of . During the ten months period ended October 31, 2021 and year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized
GMR expense of and , respectively. As of October 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, a total of and of accrued
royalty fee, respectively, was reflected under accrued expense and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

of all Net Revenue
generated from the sale of the Hungry Fan Meals (the Hungry Fan Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue 
shall be defined as gross sales generated on Hungry Fan Meals less discounts and returns. The Hungry Fan Royalty generated during each
calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month
in which the Hungry Fan Royalty was earned and; (ii) of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand
orders in which a Hungry Fan dedicated code was used at the time of purchase Hungry Fan Commission ). Upon execution of
the Development Agreement, the Company shall provide Hungry Fan with a dedicated code to publicly share for a mutually agreed upon percent
off any purchase of Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand orders. The Company shall ensure that the code is valid and in effect for the entire
Term. The Hungry Fan Commission generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the
10 th business day of the following month in which the Hungry Fan Commission was earned. 

over twelve months (the
 GMC ), to be paid in installments of per month, by the 10 th business day of the following month in which
the Hungry Fan Commission was earned. The Parties agree that the Hungry Fan Royalty shall be credited against the Guarantee received to
date. As of October 31, 2021, of accrued royalty fee was reflected under accrued expense and other liabilities in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet. 

of all Net Revenue
generated from the sale of the Red Velvet Desserts (the Velvet Desserts Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement Net
Revenue shall be defined as gross sales generated on Red Velvet Desserts less discounts and returns. The Velvet Desserts Royalty
generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10th business day of the following
month in which the Velvet Desserts Royalty was earned and; (ii) of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro and Prime
Chop brand orders in which a Red Velvet Desserts dedicated code was used at the time of purchase Velvet Desserts Commission ).
The Velvet Desserts Commission generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the
10th business day of the following month in which the Velvet Desserts Commission was earned. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021,
Red Velvet earned of royalty fees pursuant to terms of the Development Agreement. As of October 31, 2021, of accrued royalty
fee was reflected under accrued expense and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

F- 84 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

of all Net
Revenue generated from the sale of the Robl Meals (the Robl Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement
 Net Revenue shall be defined as gross sales generated on Robl Meals less discounts and returns. The Robl 
Royalty generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10th business day of the
following month in which the Robl Royalty was earned and; (ii) of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro and
Prime Chop brand orders in which a Robl dedicated code was used at the time of purchase Robl Commission ).
Upon execution of the Development Agreement, the Company shall provide Robl with a dedicated code to publicly share for a mutually
agreed upon percent off any purchase of Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand orders. The Company shall ensure that the code is valid and in
effect for the entire term. The Robl Commission generated during each calendar month in which an agreement is in effect shall
be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the Robl Commission was earned. 

The total aggregate compensation paid to Robl shall be
reduced by the GMC. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the first condition has been satisfied by both parties and the Company
paid the GMC. As of October 31, 2021, there were no accrued GMC. 

shares of common stock with grant date fair value of based
on the market price of common stock on grant date, that was deemed to be fully earned, non-assessable and irrevocable upon the execution
of the Development Agreement (see Note 12) and subject to a Lock-Up Leak-Out Agreement. The Company recorded the as deferred
compensation in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet to be amortized over the term of the Development Agreement. During the ten
months ended October 31, 2021, the Company expensed of the deferred compensation as product development expense in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations. As of October 31, 2021, there was of deferred compensation related to this Development
Agreement. 

Payments made during any year during the Term, which are in excess of the GMR payments for the applicable
year may not be credited towards another year. All GMR payments hereunder are non-refundable and are due upon the first CS Meals being
launched which did not occur by October 31, 2021. As October 31, 2021, there were no payments accrued or paid under the Development Agreement. 

F- 85 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common
stock with grant date fair value of based on the market price of common stock on grant date, that was deemed to be fully earned,
non-assessable and irrevocable upon the execution of the Development Agreement (see Note 12) and subject to a Lock-Up Leak-Out Agreement.
The Company recorded the as deferred compensation in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet to be amortized over the term
of the Development Agreement. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company expensed of the deferred compensation
as product development expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. As of October 31, 2021, there was of
deferred compensation related to this Development Agreement. 

of all net revenue generated
from the sale of Blais Meals (the Blais Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue shall be defined
as gross sales generated on Blais Meals less discounts and returns. The Blais Royalty generated during each calendar month in which an
agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the Blais Royalty
was earned; (ii) of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand orders in which a Blais Dedicated
Code was used at the time of purchase Blais Commission ). The Blais Commission generated during each calendar month in which
an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the Blais Commission
was earned and; (iii) Guaranteed Minimum Royalty. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Development Agreement, the Company shall
pay to Chef Richard Blais a guaranteed minimum compensation of for each twelve-month period the Development Agreement is in effect GMC payable monthly at the rate of per month, beginning on the earlier of the launch of Blais Meals or ninety days
after the execution of this Development Agreement. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, there were no payments made under the
Development Agreement and the royalty expenses was not significant. 

shares of common
stock with grant date fair value of based on the market price of common stock on grant date, that was deemed to be fully earned,
non-assessable and irrevocable upon the execution of the Development Agreement (see Note 12) and subject to a Lock-Up Leak-Out Agreement.
The Company recorded the as deferred compensation in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet to be amortized over the term
of the Development Agreement. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company expensed of the deferred compensation
as product development expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. As of October 31, 2021, there was of
deferred compensation related to this Development Agreement. 

of all net
revenue generated from the sale of PA Meals (the PA Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue 
shall be defined as gross sales generated on PA Meals less discounts and returns. The PA Royalty generated during each calendar month
in which an agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the PA
Royalty was earned and; (ii) of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand orders in which a PA Dedicated
Code was used at the time of purchase PA Commission ). The PA Commission generated during each calendar month in which an
agreement is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the PA Commission
was earned. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, there were no payments made under the Development Agreement. 

F- 86 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

over the twelve months service period and
received shares of common stock with grant date fair value of as compensation, which was recorded as deferred compensation
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and amortized over the twelve months service period (see Note 12). During the ten months
ended October 31, 2021, the Company amortized of the deferred compensation and was recorded as professional and consulting
expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. As of October 31, 2021, the deferred compensation related to this Agreement
was which will be expensed over a period of five months. 

to be paid in seven monthly installments
of beginning September 2021 until March 2022. During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company paid an aggregate amount
of . During the ten months ended October 31, 2021, the Company recognized of expense related to this Agreement and recorded
as selling and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. As of October 31, 2021, the prepaid expense
related to this Agreement was . 

of common stock Warrant with a grant date fair value of for services rendered (see
Note 12) and was recorded as professional and consulting expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The Warrant
vested upon issuance, has an exercise price of and expiration date of October 1, 2026. In addition, the consultant shall receive
 per month, payable in cash on the first of each month commencing on the effective date. 

of common stock Warrant with a grant date fair value of (see Note 12), for services rendered and was recorded as professional and consulting expenses
 related party in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The Warrant vested upon issuance, had exercise price of
 and expiration date of October 1, 2026 In addition, Dutchess Capital shall receive per month, payable in cash on the first
of each month commencing on the effective date. 

shares of common stock with grant date fair value
of which was recorded as deferred compensation and amortized over the Lock-Up Period (see Note 12). During the ten months ended
October 31, 2021, the Company amortized of the deferred compensation and was recorded as interest expense in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations. As of October 31, 2021, the deferred compensation related to this Agreement was which will
be amortized over the remaining Lock-Up Period of three months. 

F- 87 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses: 

Compensation and related expenses, includes of stock-based compensation in 2021 

Professional and consulting expenses, includes of stock-based compensation in 2021 

Professional and consulting expenses - related party, includes of stock-based compensation in 2021 
 
 -

Product development expense, includes and of stock-based expense in 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Selling and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Loss from Continuing Operations 

Other Expense: 

Interest expense, net 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 
 -

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 
 -

Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 
 -

Other income 
 -

Total Other Expense, net 

Loss from Continuing Operations 

Provision for Income Taxes 
 -
 
 -

Loss from Continuing Operations 

Discontinued Operations: 

Income from Disposal of Discontinued Operations Before Provision for Income Taxes 
 -

Income from Discontinued Operations 
 -

Net Loss 

BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: 

Continuing operations - basic and diluted

Discontinued operations - basic 

Discontinued operations - diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic 

Diluted 

F- 88 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation on property and equipment and finance ROU assets 

Amortization on intangible assets 
 
 -

Common stock and warrant issued for stock-based compensation 

Common stock and warrants issued for services related party 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock and warrant issued for services 

Common stock and warrant issued for product development 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to lock-up agreements 
 
 -

Common stock issued pursuant an asset acquisition transaction (see Note 4) 
 
 -

Gain on extinguishment of debt and accounts payable 
 
 -

Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 
 -

Amortization of debt discount 
 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 
 -

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 
 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expense and other liabilities 

Unredeemed gift cards 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds (payments) from acquisition of a subsidiaries 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash (used by) provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, net of issuance cost 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 -

Proceeds from convertible note payable, net of debt discount 
 
 -

Proceeds from convertible note payable - related party, net of debt discount 
 
 -

Proceeds from advances payable 

Repayment of convertible notes payable 
 
 -

Repayment of note payable - in default 
 -

Repayments of advance payable 

Repayment of convertible notes payable - related party 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

F- 89 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock with grant date fair value of based on the market price of common stock on grant date, as consideration,
pursuant to a consulting agreement for business development related services to be rendered for a six-month period. These common stocks
are subject to a Lock-Up and Leak Out Agreement. 

common stock in exchange for net proceeds of . 

shares of common stock with grant date fair value of based on the market price of common stock on grant date,
as consideration, pursuant to an agreement. 

shares of common stock with grant date fair value of which shall be recorded as deferred compensation and amortized
over the Lock-Up Period. 

of outstanding principal and interest (see Note 5). 

F- 90 

HOME BISTRO, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OCTOBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 

shares of common stock with grant date
fair value of based on the market price of common stock on grant date, that was deemed to be fully earned, non-assessable and
irrevocable upon the execution of the Development Agreement. The Company shall record it as deferred compensation to be amortized over
the Term of the Development Agreement. 

of all net revenue generated
from the sale of CPN Meals (the CPN Royalty ). For the purpose of this agreement Net Revenue shall be defined
as gross sales generated on CPN Meals less discounts and returns. The CPN Royalty generated during each calendar month in which an agreement
is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the CPN Royalty was earned;
(ii) of all Net Revenue generated from the sale of Home Bistro and Prime Chop brand orders in which a CPN Dedicated Code was used
at the time of purchase CPN Commission ). The CPN Commission generated during each calendar month in which an agreement
is in effect shall be due and payable by the 10 th business day of the following month in which the CPN Commission was earned. 

and; (iii) a monthly storage
fee of . The Renewed Lease Agreement can be terminated with two months notice.F-96 

F- 91 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 
 
 1.1# 
 
 Form of Underwriting Agreement. 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.A.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 28, 2017). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2018). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2020). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on March 31, 2015). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2018). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2018). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 21, 2018). 
 
 3.8 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2018). 
 
 5.1# 
 
 Opinion of Baker McKenzie
 LLP as Counsel. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2022, by and between Home Bistro, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 
 15 Convertible Note, dated May 18, 2022, issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2022). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated May 18, 2022, issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2022). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2022, by and between Home Bistro, Inc. and GS Capital Partners, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 15 Convertible Note, dated May 24, 2022, issued to GS Capital Partners, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated May 18, 2022, issued to GS Capital Partners, LLC . (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2022). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2022, by and between Home Bistro, Inc. and Jefferson Street Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 15 Convertible Note, dated May 24, 2022, issued to Jefferson Street Capital LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated May 24, 2022, issued to Jefferson Street Capital LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2022, by and between Home Bistro, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022). 

49 

10.11 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated July 19, 2022, issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2022, by and between Home Bistro, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 29, 2022). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated August 24, 2022, issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 29, 2022). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2022, by and between Home Bistro, Inc. and Greentree Financial Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 15, 2022). 
 
 10.15 
 
 15 Convertible Note, dated September 9, 2022, issued to Greentree Financial Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 15, 2022). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated September 9, 2022, issued to Greentree Financial Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 15, 2022). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2020). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Lock-Up and Leak-Out Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2020). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Put Option Agreement, dated April 20, 2020, between the Company and the stockholder named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2020). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated January 27, 2021, issued to Vista Capital Investments, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021) 
 
 10.21 # 
 
 Employment Agreement by
 and between Home Bistro, Inc. and Zalmi Duchman dated October 1, 2021. 
 
 10.22 # 
 
 Employment Agreement by
 and between Home Bistro, Inc. and Camille May dated March 25, 2022. 
 
 21.1# 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 23.1 # 
 
 Consent of D. Brooks and
 Associates CPAs, P.A., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 23.2# 
 
 Consent of Baker McKenzie
 LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page to this registration statement). 
 
 31.1+ 
 
 Section 302 Certification by the Registrant s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 32.1+ 
 
 Section 906 Certification by the Registrant s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

+ Documents
filed herewith. 

# To
be filed by amendment 

The
referenced exhibit is a management contract or compensation plan or arrangement described in Item 601(b)(10)(iii) of Regulation S-K. 

In
accordance with Regulation S-T, the XBRL-related information in Exhibit 101 shall be deemed to be furnished not filed . 

(b) Financial
Statement Schedules 

N/A 

50 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 Home Bistro, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Zalmi Duchman 

Name: 
 Zalmi Duchman 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Zalmi Duchman 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Zalmi Duchman 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Zalmi Duchman 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Zalmi Duchman 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Michael Finkelstein 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Michael Finkelstein 

/s/ Michael Novielli 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Michael Novielli 

51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_homebistroinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

I, Zalmi Duchman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Home Bistro, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Zalmi Duchman 

Zalmi Duchman 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex32-1_homebistroinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer 

Pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350 

As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections
(a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Home Bistro, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended October 31, 2022 of the Company (the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Zalmi Duchman 

Zalmi Duchman 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 hbis-20221031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 hbis-20221031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 hbis-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 hbis-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 hbis-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

