<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1853825_0001493152-23-009881.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4551073</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>165514</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2034454</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>935712</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>625651</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>716025</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009881.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331061122
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009881
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			THUMZUP MEDIA Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001853825
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				863651036
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-255624
		FILM NUMBER:		23783044

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11845 W OLYMPIC BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100W #13
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90064
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-237-2887

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11845 W OLYMPIC BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100W #13
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90064

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009881.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Common Stock, 0.001 per share 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was as of June 30,
2022. 

As
of March 29, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

THUMZUP 
MEDIA CORPORATION 

 FORM
10-K 

 FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 17 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 27 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 28 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 28 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 32 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 32 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 32 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 32 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 32 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 33 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 34 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 36 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 38 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 38 

Index to Financial Statements 
 38 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10K Summary 
 39 

Signatures 
 40 

2 

PART
I 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we, our, us, Thumzup , and the
Company refer to Thumzup Media Corporation, unless the context requires otherwise. 

Forward-Looking
and Cautionary Statements 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that, if they never materialize or
prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The
statements contained in this Annual Report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 2IE of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited
to, anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, 
 expect, intend, may, might, plan, project, seek, 
 should, target, would and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements.
Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding: 

future
 financial position; 

business
 strategy; 

budgets,
 projected costs, and plans; 

future
 industry growth; 

financing
 sources; 

the
 impact of litigation, government inquiries and investigations; and 

all
 other statements regarding our intent, plans, beliefs, or expectations or those of our directors or officers. 

These
statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management, which are in turn based on information currently available to
management. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results
and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors
that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section entitled Risk
Factors included under Part I, Item 1A below. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report.
Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date of such statements. 

Incorporation
by Reference 

The
Commission allows us to incorporate by reference the information we file with it. This means that we can disclose information to you
by referring you to those documents. The documents that have been incorporated by reference are an important part of this annual report,
and you should review that information in order to understand the nature of any investment by you in our common shares. 

3 

RISK
FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our
business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the risks described in the section titled Risk
Factors included under Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, that could cause our business, financial condition
or operating results to be harmed, including risks regarding the following: 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

The
Company is a recently formed company with an unproven business plan, has not yet established profitable operations and has generated
minimal revenue. 

The
Company was formed in October 2020 and has not yet established profitable operations and has generated nominal revenue. 

The
Company expects to continue to incur losses from operations and negative cash flows, which raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s independent registered public accounting firm s reports have raised substantial doubt as to its ability to
continue as a going concern. 

The
continuing COVID-19 pandemic may have a significant negative impact on the Company s business, sales, results of operations and
financial condition. 

The Company may not generate sufficient cash flows to cover its operating expenses. 

Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise the Company s information and expose it to liability, which would cause
its business and reputation to suffer. 

The Company is dependent on third parties to, among other things, maintain its servers, provide the bandwidth necessary to transmit content,
and utilize the content derived therefrom for the potential generation of revenues. 

Because
the Company does not intend to pay any cash dividends on its shares of common stock in the near future, shareholders will not be able
to receive a return on their shares unless and until they sell them. 

The Company is dependent on key personnel. 

The
Company may not be able to successfully execute the business plan. 

The
Company is a new company with a brief operating history, no revenue and an untested business plan which may not be accepted in the markets
in which it intends to operate. 

The
Company has not yet established brand identity and customer loyalty. 

The
Company cannot assure investors that the Thumzup App will be accepted. 

A
better financed competitor may enter the marketplace, cause the Company s market share or acceptance rates to plummet and adversely
affect its ability to sustain viable operations. 

Although
the Company may own various intellectual property rights, these rights may not provide it with any competitive advantage. 

The
Company s future financial results are uncertain and its operating results may fluctuate, due to, among other things, consumer
trends, the impact of COVID on advertising budgets and App user activity, competition, and changing social media behaviors. 

4 

The
Company s ability to succeed will depend on the ability of its management to control costs . 

Key
personnel of the Company do not devote full time to the affairs of the Company and could allocate their time and attention to other business
ventures which may not benefit the Company. 

The
Company s Officers, Directors, and employees are entitled to receive compensation, payments and reimbursements, regardless of whether
it operates at a profit or a loss. 

Combination
or layering of multiple risk factors may significantly increase the risk of loss on shares of the Company s common
stock . 

Our
business is sensitive to consumer spending, inflation and economic conditions. 

Russia s
Invasion of Ukraine may negatively impact our business. 

Several
of our outsourced developers are based in Pakistan and our product development could be impacted by conflict in the Middle East. 

We
rely on third-party internal and outsourced software to run our critical development and information systems. As a result, any sudden
loss, disruption or unexpected costs to maintain these systems could significantly increase our operational expense and disrupt the management
of our business operations. 

Cyber
security breaches of our systems and information technology could adversely impact our ability to operate. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

There
can be no assurance that our Common Stock will ever be approved for listing on a national securities exchange. Failure
to develop or maintain an active trading market could negatively affect the value of our common stock and make it difficult or impossible
for investors to sell their shares in a timely manner. 

The
Company is controlled by its Chairman/Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, President, and additional Officers of the Company. 

The
Company s common stock price may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to investors and litigation. 

The
sale or availability for sale of substantial amounts of the Company s common stock could adversely affect the market price of the
common stock. 

The
Company is controlled by a small group of existing shareholders, whose interests may differ from other shareholders. The Company s
Officers and Directors will significantly influence its activities, and their interests may differ from an investor s interests
as a shareholder. 

The
Company is an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and it cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements
applicable to emerging growth companies will make the Company s common stock less attractive to investors. 

The
Company s disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 

If
equity research analysts do not publish research or reports about the Company, or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade its
common stock, the market price of its common stock will likely decline. 

5 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

General 

As
used herein, we, us, our, the Company, Thumzup , means Thumzup 
Media Corporation unless otherwise indicated. Thumzup operates in a single business segment which is social media marketing. Thumzup 
has a mobile iPhone and Android applications called Thumzup that connects brands and people who use and love these
brands. For the advertiser, Thumzup incentivizes real people to become content creators and post authentic valuable posts on social
media about the advertiser and its products. 

The
Company was incorporated on October 27, 2020, under the laws of the State of Nevada. Its headquarters are located in Los Angeles, CA.
The Company has never been the subject of any bankruptcy or receivership. The Company has never engaged in any material reclassification,
merger, or consolidation of the Company. The Company has not acquired or disposed of any material amount of assets except in the normal
course of business. 

In
February 2022, the Company was admitted to the Over-The-Counter Venture Market quotation system (OTCQB) under the symbol TZUP. 

Thumzup 
Products and Services 

The
Company operates in a single business segment which is social media marketing. The Thumzup App works on both iPhone and Android
mobile operating systems and connects brands and people who use and love these brands. For the Advertiser, Thumzup incentivizes
real people to become content Creators and post authentic valuable posts on social media about the Advertiser and its products. 

The
Company seeks to capitalize on industry-wide gig economy and business democratization trends. Immense value and opportunity have been
created through the democratization of ride sharing, hospitality, finance and other industries. The Thumzup tools are designed to
facilitate this democratization trend for the consumer and the Advertiser within the online advertising space. 

The
Company has built the technology to support an influencer and gig economy community around its Thumzup App. This technology
and community are designed to generate scalable authentic product posts and recommendations for Advertisers on social media. It is designed
to connect Advertisers with individuals who are willing to tell their friends about the Advertisers products online and offline. 

Social
Media Marketing Software Technology 

The
Thumzup mobile App enables Creators, to select from brands advertising on the App and get paid to post about the Advertiser on social
media. Once the Thumzup Creator selects the brand and takes a photo using the Thumzup App, the Thumzup App posts the photo
and a caption to the Creator s social media accounts. The Advertiser then reviews and approves the post for payment and the Creator
can cash out whenever they choose through popular digital payment systems. For the Advertiser, the Thumzup system enables brands
to get real people to promote their products to their friends, rather than displaying banner ads that people are tuning out. 

A
recent Nielsen report found more than 80 of consumers believe friends and family are the most reliable sources of information about
products. According to a Pixlee article, 64 of millennials recommend a product at least once a month, and according to a
2019 Morning Consult survey, 86 of Gen Z and millennials would post content for monetary compensation. 

The
average American adult is expected to spend 8 hours and 11 minutes per day using digital media in 2022 according to Insider Intelligence.
The amount of daily usage has increased significantly over the past several years, again according to Insider Intelligence ,
and the Company believes such usage will continue to accelerate. The Company empowers businesses that want to interact with these Creators
and provides tools and data so they can increase consumer awareness and expand their customer bases. 

6 

In
the past decade, social media platforms like Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and TikTok have achieved mass worldwide consumer
acceptance and created hundreds of billions of dollars in shareholder value. This worldwide viral growth demonstrates that compelling
new social media platforms which present the right combination of experience and value, will attract Creators who will invest significant
amounts of time on the platforms. 

The
Company is an early-stage entity building a new real-time platform to support the gig economy. The Company believes that acceptance of
its App and revenue growth can be driven by empowering everyday people to make money by posting about what they find to be enjoyable
or attractive on social media. The Company believes that the Thumzup App is a conduit for Advertisers to connect directly with consumers.
The Company will need to secure enough Advertisers to make the App an attractive platform for adoption and scalability, and to ensure
that the platform is interesting enough for the Creators to return to on a regular basis. No assurance can be given that the Company
will be able to achieve these results. 

The
Industry Online Advertising 

The
Company believes that it is developing a new form of social media marketing that does not currently exist, therefore existing descriptions
of market size and penetration are not directly applicable. As Thumzup matures, the Company believes there will be other competitors
in this new market of paying non-professional advocates to tell their friends about products they love on social media at the point-of-sale.
The closest existing market that is similar to Thumzup s market is the rapidly growing subset of online advertising called influencer
marketing. As social media influencers become more plentiful and proven, advertising spending has increased in this space. Brands
are estimated to spend up to 4.62 billion on influencer marketing in 2023 according to a 2021 Insider Intelligence forecast [7] .
 We believe major brands recognize that having their happy customers post on social media is valuable. 

Most
existing paid influencer marketing platforms were designed for professional and semi-professional online personalities. Some of these
platforms have expanded to accommodate micro-influencers people with 5,000 to 30,000 social media followers. In
the Company s opinion, none of these influencer platforms has entered the public consciousness and found mass adoption. 

Recent
research conducted by TapInfluence has found that influencer marketing content delivers 11 times higher return on investment than traditional
forms of digital marketing , and approximately 66 of marketing firms now deploy influencer marketing according to a 2018 Association
of National Advertisers survey. A recent Nielsen report found more than 80 of consumers believe friends and family are the most reliable
sources of information about products. According to Simplilearn, nano-influencers have an average engagement rate of 8 , more than 4
times that of accounts with more than 1,000,000 followers and further, as an account s audience grows, its engagement rate tends
to decrease. There thus appears to be, in the Company s view, a clear downward correlation between follower sizes and post likes.
Around 66 of marketers now use influencers and nearly half of U.S. marketers plan to increase their influencer budgets according to
a according to a 2018 Association of National Advertisers survey. According to a Pixlee article, 64 of millennials recommend a product
at least once a month , and according to a 2019 Morning Consult survey, 86 of Gen Z and millennials would post content for
monetary compensation. 

The
Company has designed Thumzup from the ground up to make it easy for brands and service providers to activate people
who are not professional influencers but who are passionate about the products, services, or establishments they enjoy or frequent and
then are willing to relate those experiences to their friends and other social media followers. The Company has designed the Thumzup
App and Advertiser dashboard with Apple-style simplicity and intuitive features to make participation by all individuals seamless with
their existing use of social media. 

7 

The
Company s first product Thumzup App 

The
Company operates in a single business segment, which is social media marketing. The Company s mobile iPhone and Android applications
called Thumzup connects brands, products, and services to the people who use and love these brands, products, and
services. For Advertisers, Thumzup activates real people to post real product reviews and testimonials on social media with the
intention of enhancing brand awareness and reaching targeted consumers more directly and effectively while driving profitable traffic
to the Advertisers products and services. 

The
Company is building an influencer and gig economy community around the Thumzup mobile App that will generate scalable authentic
product posts and recommendations for Advertisers on social media and create a technology platform making person-to-person advertising
easy, cost-effective, and scalable. The App and Advertiser dashboard are designed to connect Advertisers with individuals who are willing
to promote their products and services online and offline. 

Social
Media Marketing Software Technology 

The
Company s Services 

The
Thumzup mobile App enables Creators to select from brands advertising on the App and get paid to post about the Advertiser on social
media. Once the Thumzup Creator selects the brand and takes a photo using the Thumzup App, the Thumzup App posts the photo
and a caption to the Creator s social media accounts. The Advertiser then reviews and approves the post for payment and the Creator
can cash out whenever they choose through popular digital payment systems. For the Advertiser, the Thumzup system enables brands
to get real people to promote their products and services to their friends, rather than displaying banner ads that social media users
are tuning out. 

With
the Thumzup App, the Company is targeting and seeking to sign up everyday people and gig economy workers who like specific brands
and present them with opportunities to be paid for posting about the brands on social media. The Company believes that its management
team has the sales relationships, legal, and technology expertise for its current level of development. The Company will need to add
additional staff to rapidly grow the business. All source code, development work, and intellectual property performed under independent
development or employment contracts paid for by the Company are assigned to and owned by Thumzup . 

Intellectual
Property 

The
Company owns the copyrights to the source code for the Thumzup App on the iPhone iOS and Android operating mobile operating systems
as used on the majority of mobile phone and tablet devices. The Company also owns the copyrighted source code for the backend 
system that administrates the Thumzup App, tracks payments and advertising campaigns. 

The
Thumzup thumb logo is a registered trademark owned by Thumzup Media Corporation, Reg. No. 6,842,424, registered Sep. 13, 2022.
On April 13, 2021, the Company filed a trademark application ser. No. 90642789 with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO for the word mark THUMZUP, which was granted registration on June 21, 2022, resulting in reg. no. 6764158. Also on April 13, 2021, the
Company filed a trademark application ser. No. 90642848 for the Thumzup logo, featuring a stylized hand with an upwardly extended
thumb. Meta Platforms, Inc. (which owns and operates Facebook and Instagram) initially filed opposition to the logo on June 30, 2022.
Thumzup agreed to not use the logo as a reaction to a post and Meta Platforms, Inc. subsequently withdrew their opposition on August
5, 2022 and it was dismissed without prejudice. 

8 

Business
Model 

Advertisers
purchase a campaign on the Thumzup website. Once the Advertiser approves a post for payment, the platform facilitates the payment
to Creators a monetary amount per screened post which may range from 1.00 to 1,000.00. The Thumzup platform enables the Advertiser
to screen posts so that the Advertiser only pays for posts that are commercially valuable and rewards Creators for posts that have images
and text that represent the Advertiser in a positive manner. 

Per
Post Fee . Thumzup Advertisers are charged a Per Post Fee. By way of illustration, an Advertiser that buys 100,000
posts from Thumzup , to pay out 10 per post to Thumzup Creators, would purchase the posts for 13.00 each or 1,300,000. The
Creators in this illustration would receive a total of 1,000,000 and Thumzup would retain 300,000 for its services. The Thumzup 
platform would facilitate 100,000 posts for the Advertiser from Thumzup Creators sharing with their friends about their endorsed
products on social media. 

Value
Proposition 

The
Thumzup App is designed to generate scalable social media authentic social media content for Advertisers. It is designed to connect
Advertisers with individuals who are willing to authentically promote their products online. The Company envisions that many gig economy
workers will be ideal candidates to become Creators posting on Thumzup . Imagine a gig economy driver waiting for their next fare
who takes a moment to post about the good experience they had at their lunch spot where they are waiting. Imagine a gig economy worker
on a laptop at a coffee shop doing a graphic design project from a gig economy site who takes a moment to post about the coffee shop
where they are working on Thumzup . The Company believes that Thumzup can readily provide extra income for this existing pool
of gig economy workers. The Company believes these gig economy workers will be able to provide quality Thumzup posts on social media
for which Advertisers will be willing to pay. 

Regulatory
Compliance 

The
Federal Trade Commission regulates and requires certain disclosures by social media influencers, specifying when disclosure is required,
and how the disclosure should be presented. These rules are codified in the Code of Federal Regulations, 16 CFR Part 255. Specifically,
the FTC requires that influencers disclose any financial, employment, personal, or family relationship with a brand. Influencers must
disclose financial relationships and consideration paid including any money, discounted products or other benefits paid to the influencer.
Creators on the Thumzup platform are being paid to post about Thumzup advertisers. Thumzup puts #ad in each post made on its platform
to disclose that the creator has been paid to make the post. 

The
Company does not believe its compliance with existing FTC regulations will have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings and
competitive position of the Company and its subsidiaries, for the current fiscal year and any other material future period. 

9 

Thumzup App Workflow 

For
 direct-to-consumer DTC brands, a customer might get a postcard in the box upon receiving a purchase in the mail.
 A postcard would inform the customer about the opportunity to get cashback by sharing a picture of the purchase with friends on social
 media. If the Creator takes a picture of the postcard, a link to download the Thumzup App will appear on the customer s
 phone. The illustration to the left and those below are intended as examples only and will not necessarily correlate to a final version
 or an amount. Actual wording and amounts will depend on agreements with Advertisers, products or brands seeking recommendations and
 other market factors as may be assessed by management. 

For
 physical stores and restaurants, the Company offers signage to make patrons aware that they can be paid to tell their friends about
 their positive experience in the store or restaurant. 
 
 When
 Creators open the Thumzup App on their phones, they will reach a welcome screen which establishes the idea that they can get
 paid to post about brands, services and places they like with the App. 

10 

The
 main screen appears after a Creator enters the unique code the Company sent. The main screen enables each Creator to easily select
 brands, nearby restaurants, and stores that will pay the Thumzup Creator to post to friends and other followers about products and
 places recommended by the Creator on social media. 
 
 The
 main screen has seven main areas where the Creator can take action. There is a hamburger menu in the upper left to
 access administrative functions and there is a balance due to the Creator displayed on the upper right. Next, going down the screen
 there is a search bar, a map tool, a left to the right slider to select brands that will pay for posts, and an up and down slider
 to select locations nearby that will pay to post. The hamburger menu in the upper left gives the Creator access to
 change bank or payment information, to link to social media, and to invite friends. The balance due to the Creator number in the
 upper right has the total of monies pending and monies due but not yet transferred to the Creator. 

11 

When
 Creators select a brand or location tile from the main menu, the App enables them to take pictures of their enjoying the product
 or experience. The App then enables them to customize the caption that will be posted to social media. Once Creators submit the pictures
 and captions, they get uploaded and displayed on the social media account of those Creators. 

12 

Thumzup 
 inserts the tag required to disclose that the post is a paid promotion. If the Advertiser, in this case at left, a fictional brand
 called Wearclick has chosen to offer a discount code to the Thumzup Creator s friends on social media, that discount
 code gets embedded in the post along with the offer. 
 
 When
 the Creator makes a new post, the post is reviewed by Thumzup on behalf of the Advertiser to assure that it meets community standards,
 does not include sexually explicit images or text, and that the post reflects the Advertiser in a commercially favorable light. For
 instance, if images are poorly lit or irrelevant to the brand, Creators may be sent text messages to the Creators giving them this
 feedback and explaining that the post is not due for payment. 
 
 When
 Creators want to receive the money they have earned they tap on the PayMe! selection on the App menu. The App then pays the Creator
 via online payment systems, such as Venmo or PayPal, the amount due from all screened posts made by that Creator. 
 
 The
 App enables the Creator to search for brands they like that will pay them to post. This is useful so that Thumzup Creators can
 easily discover brands they like to post about. The App pays Creators to post about brands. 

13 

In
 the Company s opinion, paid posts from happy customers about how much they like an Advertiser s goods or services offer
 attractive, compelling values to both Advertisers and Creators compared to traditional online advertising because those posts should
 yield higher response rates. 

The
Thumzup system provides Advertisers with quality control by enabling the Advertiser to review posts to make sure that the posts
meet community standards and are commercially useful to the Advertiser. This helps reduce the number of people who may try to game the
system to otherwise not use it properly. Thumzup Creators can opt-in to receive text message from brands. This opt-in opportunity
is valuable to Advertiser brands because text messages have higher visibility to potential customers than emails. 

The
Thumzup system enables campaign spend to be limited by a total dollar amount as determined by the Advertiser. Once
the posts that the Advertiser has paid for have been posted and approved for payment, the campaign expires and the Advertiser incurs
no additional cost until it chooses to increase the amount. It also enables the Advertiser to limit the number of posts made by an individual
Creator by day, week, and month. The Company believes that this feature enables more efficient budgetary control while reducing unintended
cost overruns. This feature may eliminate abuse or saturation by Creators who post more than what may be commercially valuable to Advertisers. 

14 

Financing
Plan 

In
November 2020, the Company raised an aggregate of 215,000 through issuance of senior secured convertible promissory notes to four holders,
which have since been converted and exchanged 

into shares of Common and Preferred Stock, respectively, and are now retired. From January
1, 2021 through December 31, 2022, the Company has raised an additional 1,880,412 and 1,260,000 through the sale of its Common and
Preferred Stock, respectively, to Accredited Investors in private placements pursuant to section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933.
These funds have been used to build and beta test the Thumzup App and to cover operating costs, including other administrative costs
and expenses. 

During
the year 2021 the Company was pre-revenue and transitioned into beta testing. The Company has generated minimal revenue in 2022 from
a limited soft launch in Santa Monica and Venice, CA. The Thumzup App commercial launch began in late 2022 in a geographic region
around the West Side of Los Angeles with expansion into other geographic regions planned for 2023 and beyond. 

The
Company is currently conducting an offering under Regulation A+, pursuant
to an Offering Statement on Form 1-A/A filed on December 23, 2022 and qualified on January 9, 2023, through which the Company is offering
up to 2 million shares of common stock at a purchase price of 4.50 per share. The Company currently has subscriptions for 64,894 shares
for an aggregate subscription amount of 292,023 in escrow as fully described in the Company s Form 1-A/A filed on December 23,
2022. 

Competition 

The
Company has competitors in influencer marketing software companies as GRIN, #paid, CreatorIQ, Mavrck, Popular Pays, Tribe Dynamics, AspireIQ,
Influenster, Traackr, and Hivency. All of the above-named competitor influencer marketing software is focused on influencers who see
themselves as professional influencers. To the best of the Company s knowledge, these competitors are not building platforms designed
to turn social media creators into micro-influencers in the manner that the Company seeks to accomplish. Rep is also an app that connects
brands with influencers who are interesting in promoting brands. Rep s app is different from Thumzup because it is targeting
people who consider themselves influencers. 

The
Company does not currently know of another business that is seeking to build a community of everyday people and empowering them to post
about brands that they love. 

Nevertheless,
the influencer marketing industry segments are rapidly evolving and competitive and the Company expects competition to intensify in the
future with the emergence of new technologies and market entrants. The Company s competitors may enjoy competitive advantages,
such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, substantially greater market share, established marketing relationships
with, and access to, large existing advertisers and user bases, and substantially greater financial, technical and other resources. These
competitors may use these advantages to offer apps or other products similar to the Company s at a lower price, develop different
products to compete with the Company s current solutions and respond more quickly and effectively than the Company does to new
or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or client requirements particularly across different cities and geographical regions.
Certain competitors could also use strong or dominant positions in one or more markets to gain competitive advantage against the Company
in markets in which it operates in the future. The Company believes its ability to compete successfully for users, content, and advertising
and other customers depends upon many factors both within and beyond the Company s control, including: 

the
 popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance and reliability of the Thumzup App and services compared to those of competitors; 

the
 ability, in and of itself as well as in comparison to the ability of competitors, to develop new apps, other products and services
 and enhancements to then existing apps, products and services; 

15 

the
 Company s ad targeting and measurement capabilities, and those of its competitors; 

the
 size, composition and level of engagement of the Thumzup App user communities relative to those of the Company s competitors; 

the
 Company s marketing and selling efforts, and those of its competitors; 

the
 pricing of the Thumzup Apps and services relative to those of its competitors; 

the
 actual or perceived return the Company s customers receive from the deployment of the Thumzup Apps within the user communities
 relative to returns from the Company s competitors; and 

the
 Company s reputation and brand strength relative to its competitors. 

Problems
in the market that Thumzup solves 

According
to Inc. Magazine, in 2019, JetBlue Airways did a promotion where it offered free travel to people in exchange for posting about JetBlue
on social media. The promotion was deemed not to be a success because many of the people reportedly deleted the posts after claiming
the reward. JetBlue had no platform for tracking the influencers and holding them accountable. The Thumzup Platform allows Advertisers
to limit and or cap their advertising spend, as well as allowing the Advertiser to approve individual posts prior to the Creator being
paid. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, The Company has four (4) full-time employees, as well as sixteen (16) marketing, sales, and finance
independent contractors. The Company also utilizes the services of approximately seven (7) part-time software developers. All of
these software developers are third-party contractors and are located outside the United States. 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, the Company may become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings. The Company is not currently a party to any litigation
or legal proceedings. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on the Company because of defense and settlement costs,
diversion of management resources and other factors. 

Available
Information: 

Thumzup 
is located at 11845 W. Olympic Blvd, Ste 1100W #13, Los Angeles, CA 90064. Our telephone number is (800) 403-6150 and our Internet website
address is www.ThumzupMedia.com. 

We
file or furnish electronically with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10- Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act. We make copies of these reports available free of charge through our investor relations website as soon as reasonably
practicable after we file or furnish them with the SEC. These reports are also accessible through the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Information
contained on or accessible through our website www.thumzupmedia.com is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this Annual
Report or any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references
only. 

16 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

An
investment in our in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. The risks described below include the principal material risks
to our company or to investors that are known to our company. You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the
other information contained in this Form 10-K. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results
of operations could be materially harmed. As a result, should a trading market develop, as to which no assurance can be given, the trading
price of our common stock could decline, and investors might lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

In
addition to the other information in this Annual Report, you should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating us and our
business. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains, in addition to historical information, forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Should one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize or should underlying
assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results could differ materially. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those discussed below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, including the documents incorporated
by reference. 

There
are risks associated with investing in companies such as ours who are primarily engaged in research and development. In addition to risks
which could apply to any company or business, you should also consider the business we are in and the following: 

The
Company is a recently formed company with an unproven business plan, has not yet established profitable operations and has generated
minimal revenue. 

The
Company has principally funded its operations through the sale of equity and equity instruments, including senior secured convertible
promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 215,000 (the entirety of which have been converted into either common or preferred
stock), the sale of Common Stock yielding gross proceeds of approximately 1,853,500, and the sale of 28,004 shares of Series A Preferred
for aggregate proceeds of approximately 1,259,995. As the Company moves forward in developing its technology and commercializing the
Thumzup mobile application (the Thumzup App or App ), or as it responds to potential opportunities and/or
adverse events, the Company s working capital needs may change. Pending its ability to generate adequate cash flow, as to which
no assurance can be given, the Company likely will continue to incur significant losses in the foreseeable future for various reasons,
including unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays, and other unknown events. As a result, the Company will require
additional funding to sustain its ongoing operations and to continue its research and development activities. The Company cannot assure
that its available funds will be sufficient to meet its anticipated needs for working capital and capital expenditures through any period
of twelve months. 

The
Company s ability to generate positive cash flow will be dependent upon its ability to recruit and retain Advertisers and Creators.
The Company can give no assurances it will generate sufficient cash flows in the future to satisfy its liquidity requirements or sustain
continuing operations, or that additional funding, if required, will be available when needed or, if available, on favorable terms. 

The
Company was formed in October 2020 and has not yet established profitable operations and has generated nominal revenue. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss available to shareholders of 1,221,765, primarily due to software research and
development expenses of 567,408, marketing expenses of 224,088, and general and administrative expenses of 418,940. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company incurred 857,255 in net losses primarily due to 716,524 in software research and development expenses,
 102,698 in general and administrative expenses, and 17,486 in interest expense. 

The
Company expects to continue to incur losses from operations and negative cash flows, which raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company anticipates incurring additional losses until such time, if ever, it can obtain adequate Advertiser support and acceptance by
Creators. Substantial additional financing will be needed to fund the Company s development, marketing and sales activities and
generally to commercialize its technology and develop brand support and Creator acceptance. These factors raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

17 

The
Company will seek to obtain additional capital through the issuance of debt or equity financings or other arrangements to fund operations;
however, there can be no assurance it will be able to raise needed capital under acceptable terms, if at all. The sale of additional
equity may dilute existing shareholders and newly issued shares may contain senior rights and preferences compared to currently outstanding
shares of Common Stock. Should the Company choose to issue debt in the future, such debt securities may contain covenants and limit the
Company s ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to shareholders. If the Company is unable to obtain such additional
financing, future operations would need to be scaled back or discontinued. Due to the uncertainty in the Company s ability to raise
capital, the Company believes that there is substantial doubt as to its ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company s independent registered public accounting firm s reports have raised substantial doubt as to its ability to continue
as a going concern. 

The
Company s independent registered public accounting firm indicated in its reports on the audited financial statements for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. A
 going concern opinion indicates that the financial statements have been prepared assuming the business will continue as
a going concern and do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of
assets, or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result if the Company does not continue as a going concern. Therefore,
prospective Investors should not rely on the Company balance sheet as an indication of the amount of proceeds that would be available
to satisfy claims of creditors, and potentially be available for distribution to shareholders, in the event of liquidation. The presence
of the going concern note to the Company s financial statements may have an adverse impact on the relationships the Company is
developing and plan to develop with third parties as it continues the commercialization of its products and could make it challenging
and difficult for the Company to raise additional financing, all of which could have a material adverse impact on the business and prospects
and result in a significant or complete loss of an investment. 

There
is no assurance that the Company will ever be profitable or that debt or equity financing will be available to it in the amounts, on
terms, and at times deemed acceptable to the Company, if at all. The issuance of additional equity securities by the Company would result
in a significant dilution in the equity interests of its Shareholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available,
would increase the Company s liabilities and future cash commitments. If the Company is unable to obtain financing in the amounts
and on terms deemed acceptable to it, the Company may be unable to continue the business, as planned, and as a result may be required
to scale back or cease operations, the results of which would be that shareholders would lose some or all of their investment. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or
the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The
continuing COVID-19 pandemic may have a significant negative impact on the Company s business, sales, results of operations and
financial condition. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect the United States of America and the world, including in the primary regions in which
the Company plans to operate. Additionally, the Company s liquidity could be negatively impacted if these conditions continue for
a significant period of time. Capital and credit markets have been disrupted by the crisis and the Company s ability to obtain
any required financing is not guaranteed and largely dependent upon evolving market conditions and other factors. Depending on the continued
impact of the crisis, further actions may be required to improve the Company s cash position and capital structure. 

The
extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak could ultimately impact the Company s business, sales, results of operations and financial
condition, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the
duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what
extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has fully subsided, the Company may continue
to experience significant impacts to its business as a result of its global economic impact, including any economic downturn or recession
that has occurred or may occur in the future. 

18 

The
Company may not generate sufficient cash flows to cover its operating expenses. 

As
noted previously, the Company has incurred operating losses since inception and expects to continue to incur losses as a result of expenses
related to research and continued development of its technology, marketing expense, corporate general and administrative expenses and
interest on the senior secured convertible promissory notes. The Company has principally funded its operations to date through the sale
of senior secured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 215,000 (the entirety of which have been converted
into either common or preferred stock), the sale of Common Stock yielding gross proceeds of approximately 1,886,500, and the sale of
28,004 shares of Series A Preferred Convertible Voting Stock for aggregate proceeds of 1,259,995. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had total Shareholders equity of 1,069,440, an accumulated deficit of 2,084,707, and cash
and cash equivalents of approximately 1,155,343. Although the Company had cash on hand of 1,155,343 as of December 31, 2022, there
is no assurance that these funds will prove adequate beyond twelve months. 

In
the event that the Company is unable to generate sufficient cash from its operating activities or raise additional funds, it may be required
to delay, reduce or severely curtail its operations or otherwise impede the Company s on-going business efforts, which could have
a material adverse effect on its business, operating results, financial condition and long-term prospects. 

Security
breaches and other disruptions could compromise the Company s information and expose it to liability, which would cause its business
and reputation to suffer. 

In
the ordinary course of the Company s business, it may collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary
business information, proprietary business information of its customers, including, credit card and payment information, and personally
identifiable information of customers and employees. The secure processing, maintenance, and transmission of this information is critical
to the Company s operations and business strategy. As such, the Company is subject to federal, state, provincial and foreign laws
regarding privacy and protection of data. Some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security
breaches involving certain types of personal data and the Company s agreements with certain customers require it to notify them
in the event of a security incident. Evolving regulations regarding personal data and personal information, in the European Union and
elsewhere, including, but not limited to, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018,
especially relating to classification of IP addresses, machine identification, location data and other information, may limit or inhibit
the Company s ability to operate or expand its business. Such laws and regulations require or may require the Company or its customers
to implement privacy and security policies, permit consumers to access, correct or delete personal information stored or maintained by
the Company or its customers, inform individuals of security incidents that affect their personal information, and, in some cases, obtain
consent to use personal information for specified purposes. 

The
Company intends to take reasonable steps to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of the information it collects, uses,
stores, and discloses, and it takes steps to strengthen its security protocols and infrastructure, however, the Company s information
technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions.
The Company also could be negatively impacted by software bugs or other technical malfunctions, as well as employee error or malfeasance.
Advanced cyber-attacks can be multi-staged, unfold over time, and utilize a range of attack vectors with military-grade cyber weapons
and proven techniques, such as spear phishing and social engineering, leaving organizations and users at high risk of being compromised.
Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect
the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, a disruption of the Company s operations, damage to its reputation,
a loss of confidence in the Company s business, early termination of its contracts and other business losses, indemnification of
its customers, liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, financial penalties,
litigation, regulatory investigations and other significant liabilities, any of which could materially harm and adversely affect the
Company s business, revenues, and competitive position. 

19 

The
Company is dependent on third parties to, among other things, maintain its servers, provide the bandwidth necessary to transmit content,
and utilize the content derived therefrom for the potential generation of revenues. 

The
Company depends on third-party service providers, suppliers, and licensors to supply some of the services, hardware, software, and operational
support necessary to provide some of its products and services. Some of these third parties do not have a long operating history or may
not be able to continue to supply the equipment and services the Company desires in the future. If demand exceeds these vendors 
capacity, or if these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties or are otherwise unable to provide the equipment or services
the Company needs in a timely manner, at its specifications and at reasonable prices, the Company s ability to provide some products
and services might be materially adversely affected, or the need to procure or develop alternative sources of the affected materials
or services might delay its ability to serve its users. These events could materially and adversely affect the Company s ability
to retain and attract users, and have a material negative impact on its operations, business, financial results, and financial condition. 

Because
the Company does not intend to pay any cash dividends on its shares of common stock in the near future, shareholders will not be able
to receive a return on their shares unless and until they sell them. 

The
Company intends to retain a significant portion of any future earnings to finance the development, operation and expansion of its business.
The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends on its Common Stock in the near future. The declaration, payment, and amount
of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the Company Board of Directors, and will depend upon, among other things, the
results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as its Board of Directors
considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with
respect to the amount of any such dividend. Unless the Board of Directors determines to pay dividends, Shareholders will be required
to look to appreciation of the Company s Common Stock to realize a gain on their investment. There can be no assurance that this
appreciation will occur. 

The
Company is dependent on key personnel. 

The
Company s continued success will depend, to a significant extent, on the services of its Directors, executive management team,
and key personnel. If one or more of these individuals were to leave, there is no guarantee the Company could replace them with qualified
individuals in a timely or economically satisfactory manner or at all. The loss or unavailability of any or all of these individuals
could harm the Company s ability to execute its business plan, maintain important business relationships and complete certain product
development initiatives, which would have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

The
Company may not be able to successfully execute the business plan. 

The
Company is raising significant amounts of capital in order to scale its operations. This will allow the Company to expand its operations
and continue to build out its business model. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to achieve or sustain the foregoing
within the anticipated timeframe, or at all even though the Company s Directors and Officers are industry professionals.
The Company may exceed the budget, encounter obstacles in development activities, or be hindered or delayed in implementing the Company s
plans, any of which could imperil the Company s ability to execute its business plan. 

The
Company is a new company with a brief operating history, no revenue and an untested business plan which may not be accepted in the markets
in which it intends to operate. 

The
Company was formed in Nevada in October 2020 and will encounter difficulties, including unforeseen difficulties as an early-stage, pre-revenue
company in establishing the credibility of its brand and service. 

The
Company will incur net losses in the foreseeable future if it is unable to anticipate market trends and match its service offerings to
market patterns. The Company s business strategy is unproven, and it may not be successful in addressing early-stage challenges,
such as establishing the Company s position in the market and developing effective marketing of its Thumzup App. To implement
its business plan, the Company will be required to obtain additional financing but cannot guaranty that such additional financing will
be available. 

20 

The
Company s prospects must be considered highly speculative, considering the risks, expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered
in the establishment of a new business with an unproven business plan, specifically the risks inherent in developmental stage companies
seeking to have mobile app users with limited number social media followers endorse products or services at a level that Advertisers
will seek to fund and support. The Company expects to continue to incur significant operating and capital expenditures and, as a result,
it expects significant net losses in the future. The Company cannot assure that it will be able to achieve positive cash flow operations
or, if achieved, that positive cash can be maintained for any significant period, or at all. 

Although
the Company believes that its business strategy addresses an underserved but significant niche of market segment utilizing important
Creators or consumers whom it defines as micro-influencers, the Company may not be successful in the implementation of
its business strategy or its business strategy may not be successful, either of which will impede the Company s development and
growth. The Company s business strategy involves attracting a large number of Creators who are active in social media and who are
willing to make recommendations over the Thumzup App with Advertisers who find the Company s service cost effective in generating
sales and market support. The Company s ability to implement this business strategy is dependent on its ability to: 

predict
 concerns of Advertisers; 

identify
 and engage Advertisers; 

convince
 a large number of end users to adopt the Thumzup App; 

establish
 brand recognition and customer loyalty; and 

manage
growth in administrative overhead costs during the initiation of the Company s business efforts. 

The
Company does not know whether it will be able to successfully implement its business strategy or whether the Company s business
strategy will ultimately be successful. In assessing the Company s ability to meet these challenges, a potential Investor should
consider the Company s lack of operating history and brand recognition, its focus on nano-influencer Creators, management s
relative inexperience, the competitive conditions existing in its industry and general economic conditions and consumer discretionary
spending habits. The Company s growth is largely dependent on its ability to successfully implement its business strategy. The
Company s revenue may be adversely affected if it fails to implement its business strategy or if the Company diverts resources
to a business strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful. 

The
Company has not yet established brand identity and customer loyalty . 

The
Company believes that establishing and maintaining brand identity and brand loyalty is critical to attracting and retaining active users
to the Thumzup App program. In order to attract Thumzup App Creators to the Company s program quarter over quarter, the
Company may need to spend substantial funds to create and maintain brand recognition among Thumzup App users. If the Company s
branding efforts are not successful, its ability to earn revenues and sustain its operations will be materially impaired. 

Promotion
and enhancement of the Thumzup App will also depend on the Company s success in consistently providing high-quality, ease-of-use,
fun-to-share products or recommended services to the Company s App users. Since the Company relies on technology partners to provide
portions of the service to its customers, if the Company s suppliers do not send accurate and timely data, or if its customers
do not perceive the products it offers as attractive or superior, the value of the Thumzup brand could be harmed. Any brand impairment
or dilution could decrease the attractiveness of Thumzup to one or more of these groups, which could harm the Company s business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

The
Company cannot assure investors that the Thumzup App will be accepted. 

Anticipation
of demand and market acceptance of service offerings are subject to a high level of uncertainty and challenges to implementation. The
success of the Company s service offerings primarily depends on the interest of Creators joining its service, as to which it cannot
assure to prospective Investors. In general, achieving market acceptance for the Company s services will require substantial marketing
efforts and the expenditure of significant funds, the availability of which the Company cannot be assured, to create awareness and demand
among customers. The Company has limited financial, personnel and other resources to undertake extensive marketing activities. Accordingly,
no assurance can be given as to the acceptance of the Thumzup App services or the Company s ability to generate the revenues
necessary to remain in business. 

21 

A
better financed competitor may enter the marketplace, cause the Company s market share or acceptance rates to plummet and adversely
affect its ability to sustain viable operations. 

While
platforms are in operation for professional or large-scale influencers, to the Company s knowledge no other company is currently
offering Advertisers a scalable platform to activate everyday end-user micro-influencers who do not possess a large legion of followers.
The success of the Company s service offerings primarily depends on the interest of Creators and Advertisers joining its service,
as opposed to a similar service offered by a competitor catering to celebrities or other large-scale influencers. If a direct competitor
having greater human and cash resources enters the market targeting micro-influencers, the Company s achieving market acceptance
for the Thumzup App may require additional marketing efforts and the expenditure of significant funds to create awareness and demand
among customers. The Company has limited financial, personnel and other resources to undertake additional marketing activities. Accordingly,
the Company may be unable to compete, its operations may suffer, and it may suffer greater losses. 

Although
the Company may own various intellectual property rights, these rights may not provide it with any competitive advantage . 

The
Company uses Thumzup as a brand name, however it cannot assure prospective Investors that the services it sells, or
that its brand name will not infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, or that the Company s assertions of intellectual
property rights will be enforceable or provide protection against competitive products or otherwise be commercially valuable. Moreover,
enforcement of intellectual property rights typically requires time-consuming and costly litigation, and the Company cannot assure that
others will not independently develop substantially similar products. 

The
Company s future financial results are uncertain and its operating results may fluctuate, due to, among other things, consumer
trends, the impact of COVID on advertising budgets and App user activity, competition, and changing social media behaviors. 

As
a result of the Company s lack of operating history, it is unable to forecast market penetration or anticipated revenue and it
has little historical financial data upon which to base planned operating expenses. The Company bases its current and future expense
levels on its operating plans and estimates of future expenses. The Company s expenses are dependent in large part upon expenses
associated with its proposed marketing expenditures and related overhead expenses, and the costs of hiring and maintaining qualified
personnel to carry out its respective services. Sales and operating results are difficult to forecast because they will depend on the
growth of the Company s customer base, changes in customer demands based on consumer trends, the degree of utilization of its advertising
services as well as the mix of products and services sold by its Advertisers. 

As
a result, the Company may be unable to make accurate financial forecasts and adjust its spending in a timely manner to compensate for
any unexpected revenue shortfall. This inability could cause the Company s net losses in a given quarter to be greater than expected
and could further cause continuing greater losses quarter over quarter. 

The
Company s ability to succeed will depend on the ability of its management to control costs . 

The
Company has used reasonable commercial efforts to assess and predict costs and expenses based on the and restricted cash experience of
its management. However, the Company has a limited operating history upon which to base predictions. Implementing its business plan may
require more employees, equipment, supplies or other expenditure items than the Company has predicted. Similarly, the cost of compensating
additional management, employees and consultants or other operating costs may be more than its estimates, which could result in sustained
losses. 

22 

Key
personnel of the Company do not devote full time to the affairs of the Company and could allocate their time and attention to other business
ventures which may not benefit the Company. 

The
Company s Officers and Directors may engage in other activities. Although there are none known to the Company, the potential for
conflicts of interest exists among the Officers, Directors, and affiliated persons for future business opportunities that may not be
presented to the Company. The Company s Officers and Directors may have conflicts of interests in allocating time, services, and
functions between the other business ventures in which those persons may be or become involved. The Company s Officers and Directors
however believe that the business will have sufficient staff, consultants, employees, agents, contractors, and managers to adequately
conduct its business. 

The
Company s Officers, Directors, and employees are entitled to receive compensation, payments and reimbursements, regardless of whether
it operates at a profit or a loss. 

Any
compensation received by the Officers, management personnel, and Directors, and for the Company s founders will be determined from
time to time by the Board of Directors. The Company s Officers, Directors and management personnel will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred on their behalf. 

Combination
or layering of multiple risk factors may significantly increase the risk of loss on share of the Company s common
stock . 

Although
the various risks discussed in this Offering Circular are generally described separately, investors should consider the potential effects
of the interplay of multiple risk factors. Where more than one significant risk factor is present, the risk of loss to an investor may
be significantly increased. In considering the potential effects of layered risks, an Investor should carefully review the descriptions
of the shares. 

Our
business is sensitive to consumer spending, inflation and economic conditions. 

Consumer
purchases of discretionary retail items and restaurants may be adversely affected by national and regional economic, market and other
conditions such as employment levels, salary and wage levels, the availability of consumer credit, inflation, high interest rates, high
tax rates, high fuel prices, the threat of a pandemic or other health crisis (such as COVID-19) and consumer confidence with respect
to current and future economic, market and other conditions. Consumer purchases may decline during recessionary periods or at other times
when unemployment is higher or disposable income is lower. These risks may be exacerbated for retailers such as our Advertisers. Consumer
willingness to make discretionary purchases may decline, may stall or may be slow to increase due to national and regional economic conditions.
Our financial performance is particularly susceptible to economic and other conditions in regions or states where we have a significant
presence. There remains considerable uncertainty and volatility in the national and global economy. Further or future slowdowns or disruptions
in the economy, market and other conditions could adversely affect mall traffic and new mall and shopping center development and could
materially and adversely affect us and our business strategy. We may not be able to sustain or increase our current net sales if there
is a decline in consumer spending. 

A
deterioration of economic conditions and future recessionary periods may exacerbate the other risks faced by our business, including
those risks we encounter as we attempt to execute our business plans. Such risks could be exacerbated individually or collectively. 

Russia s
Invasion of Ukraine may negatively impact our business. 

On
February 24, 2022, Russia launched an invasion of Ukraine which has resulted in increased volatility in various financial markets and
across various sectors. The United States and other countries, along with certain international organizations, have imposed economic
sanctions on Russia and certain Russian individuals, banking entities and corporations as a response to the invasion. The extent and
duration of the military action, resulting sanctions and future market disruptions in the region are impossible to predict. Moreover,
the ongoing effects of the hostilities and sanctions may not be limited to Russia and Russian companies and may spill over to and negatively
impact other regional and global economic markets of the world, including Europe and the United States. The ongoing military action along
with the potential for a wider or nuclear conflict could further increase financial market volatility and cause negative effects on regional
and global economic markets, industries, and companies. It is not currently possible to determine the severity of any potential adverse
impact of this event on the financial condition of any of the Company s securities, or more broadly, upon the global economy. 

23 

Several
of our outsourced developers are based in Pakistan and our product development could be impacted by conflict in the Middle East. 

Pakistan s
economy is heavily dependent on exports and subject to high interest rates, economic volatility, inflation, currency devaluations, high
unemployment rates and high level of debt and public spending. There is also the possibility of nationalization, expropriation or confiscatory
taxation, security market restrictions, political changes, government regulation, a conflict with India, or diplomatic developments (including
war or terrorist attacks), which could affect adversely the economy of Pakistan or the ability of the Company to continue developing
its platform. As an emerging country, Pakistan s economy is susceptible to economic, political and social instability; unanticipated
economic, political or social developments could impact economic growth. Pakistan is also subject to natural disaster risk. In addition,
recent political instability and protests in the Middle East have caused significant disruptions to many industries. Pakistan has recently
seen elevated levels of ethnic and religious conflict, in some cases resulting in violence or acts of terrorism. Continued political
and social unrest in these areas may negatively affect the Company. 

We
rely on third-party internal and outsourced software to run our critical development and information systems. As a result, any sudden
loss, disruption or unexpected costs to maintain these systems could significantly increase our operational expense and disrupt the management
of our business operations. 

We
rely on third-party software to run our critical development and information systems. We also depend on our software vendors to provide
long-term software maintenance support for our information systems. Software vendors may decide to discontinue further development, integration
or long-term software maintenance support for our information systems, in which case we may need to abandon one or more of our current
information systems and migrate some or all of our development and information systems, thus increasing our operational expense as well
as disrupting the management of our business operations. 

Cyber
security breaches of our systems and information technology could adversely impact our ability to operate. 

We
need to protect our own internal trade secrets, work product for our clients, and other business confidential information from disclosure.
We face the threat to our computer systems of unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, organized cyber-attacks
and other security problems and system disruptions, including possible unauthorized access to our and our clients proprietary
or classified information. 

We
rely on industry-accepted security measures and technology to maintain securely all confidential and proprietary information on our information
systems. We have devoted and will continue to devote significant resources to the security of our computer systems, but they are still
vulnerable to these threats. A user who circumvents security measures can misappropriate confidential or proprietary information, including
information regarding us, our personnel and/or our clients, or cause interruptions or malfunctions in operations. Our industry has not
been immune from organized cyber-attacks from persons seeking a ransom as a condition of releasing access to the firm s computer
systems. As a result, we can be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of these system disruptions and
security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these disruptions and breaches. Any of these events can damage our reputation and
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Risks
Related to the Common Stock 

There
can be no assurance that our Common Stock will ever be approved for listing on a national securities exchange. Failure
to develop or maintain an active trading market could negatively affect the value of our Common Stock and make it difficult or impossible
for investors to sell their shares in a timely manner. 

There
is currently very limited trading of our Common Stock, and an active trading market may never develop. Our Common Stock is quoted on
the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets. The OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets is a thinly traded market and lacks the liquidity of certain other
public markets with which some investors may have more experience. While
we remain determined to work towards getting our securities listed on a national exchange, there can be no assurance that this will occur.
As a result, we may never develop an active trading market for our securities which may limit our investors ability to liquidate
their investments. 

24 

The
Company is controlled by its Chairman/Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, President, and additional Officers of the Company. 

The
Company is reliant on the Directors and Officers for key operations. Officers and Directors currently own a majority of common shares
outstanding. The Board, therefore, has complete control as to the direction of the Company. There is a disproportionate reliance on the
Directors and Officers for the operation of the Company, and therefore a risk that the direction of the Company may change if the Board
or Officers are unable to perform their duties as Directors and Officers. 

The
Company s common stock price may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to investors and litigation. 

In
addition to changes to market prices based on the Company s results of operations and the factors discussed elsewhere in this Risk
Factors section, the market price of and trading volume for the common stock may change for a variety of other reasons, not necessarily
related to the Company s actual operating performance. The capital markets have experienced extreme volatility that has often been
unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price
of the Company s common stock. In addition, the average daily trading volume of the securities of small companies can be very low,
which may contribute to future volatility. Factors that could cause the market price of the Common Stock to fluctuate significantly include: 

the
 results of operating and financial performance and prospects of other companies in the same industry; 

strategic
 actions by the Company or its competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

announcements
 of innovations, increased service capabilities, new or terminated customers or new, amended or terminated contracts by competitors; 

the
 public s reaction to Company press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

lack
 of securities analyst coverage or speculation in the press or investment community about the Company or market opportunities in the
 social media marketing industry; 

changes
 in government policies in the United States and, as the Company s international business increases, in other foreign countries; 

changes
 in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities or research analysts who track the Company s Common Stock or failure
 of the Company s actual results of operations to meet those expectations; 

market
 and industry perception of the Company s success, or lack thereof, in pursuing its growth strategy; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

any
 lawsuit involving the Company, its services or its products; 

arrival
 and departure of key personnel; 

sales
 of common stock by the Company, its investors or members of its management team; and 

changes
 in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those
 resulting from natural or man-made disasters. 

Any
of these factors, as well as broader market and industry factors, may result in large and sudden changes in the trading volume of the
Company s common stock and could seriously harm the market price of the common stock, regardless of the Company s operating
performance. This may prevent an Investor from being able to sell its shares at or above the price the investor paid for its shares of
common stock, if at all. In addition, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, shareholders
often institute securities class action litigation against that company. The Company s involvement in any class action suit or
other legal proceeding could divert its senior management s attention and could adversely affect the Company s business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

25 

The
sale or availability for sale of substantial amounts of the Company s common stock could adversely affect the market price of the
common stock. 

Sales
of substantial amounts of shares of the Company s common stock, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely
affect the market price of the common stock and could impair the Company s future ability to raise capital through common stock
offerings. The Company s Officers and Directors still beneficially own, collectively, a substantial percentage of the outstanding
common stock. If one or more of them were to sell a substantial portion of the shares they hold, it could cause the Company s stock
price to decline. 

The
Company is controlled by a small group of existing shareholders, whose interests may differ from other shareholders. The Company s
Officers and Directors will significantly influence its activities, and their interests may differ from an investor s interests
as a shareholder. 

The
Company s Officers and Directors still beneficially own, collectively, a substantial percentage of the outstanding common stock.
Accordingly, these shareholders have had, and will continue to have, significant influence in determining the outcome of any corporate
transaction or any other matter submitted for approval to the Company s shareholders, including mergers, consolidations and the
sale of assets, Director elections and other significant corporate actions. They will also have significant influence in preventing or
causing a change in control of the Company. In addition, without the consent of these shareholders, the Company could be prevented from
entering into transactions that could be beneficial to it. The interests of these shareholders may differ from an Investor s interests
as a shareholder, and they may act in a manner that advances their best interests and not necessarily those of other shareholders. 

The
Company is an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and it cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements
applicable to emerging growth companies will make the Company s common stock less attractive to investors. 

The
Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and it expects to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, (i) being required to present only two years of audited financial statements and related financial disclosure,
(ii) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (iii) extended
transition periods for complying with new or revised accounting standards, (iv) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in periodic reports and proxy statements and (v) exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. The Company has taken, and in the future
may take, advantage of these exemptions until such time that it is no longer an emerging growth company. As a result, the Company s
financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. The Company cannot predict if
investors will find its Common Stock less attractive because it relies on these exemptions. If some investors find the Company s
Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for the Common Stock and the price of the Common
Stock may be more volatile. 

The
Company will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, although it will lose that status sooner if its annual
revenues exceed 1.07 billion, if it issues more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period, or if the market value
of the Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30. 

26 

The
Company s disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 

The
Company is subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and will be required to maintain disclosure controls and
procedures that are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the
SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
a public company, the Company is also required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses
in those internal controls. Such internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

If
the material weaknesses in the Company s internal controls are not fully remediated or if additional material weaknesses are identified,
those material weaknesses could cause the Company to fail to meet its future reporting obligations, reduce the market s confidence
in its financial statements, harm the stock price and subject the Company to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory
authorities. In addition, the Company s common stock may not be able to remain quoted on OTCQB or any other securities quotation
service or exchange. 

For
as long as the Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, or a non-accelerated filer, as defined
in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, the Company s auditors will not be required to attest as to its internal control over financial
reporting. If the Company continues to identify material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting, are unable to comply
with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, are unable to assert that its internal control over financial reporting is effective
or, once required, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm is unable to attest that its internal control over
financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of its financial reports and the market
price of the Company s common stock could decrease. The Company could also become subject to stockholder or other third-party litigation
as well as investigations by the securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory
authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources and could result in fines, trading suspensions or other
remedies. 

If
equity research analysts do not publish research or reports about the company, or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade its
common stock, the market price of its common stock will likely decline. 

The
trading market for the Company s common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts, over
whom it has no control, publish about the Company and its business. The Company may never obtain research coverage by securities and
industry analysts. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of the Company, the market price for its common stock could
decline. In the event the Company obtains securities or industry analyst coverage, the market price of the common stock could decline
if one or more equity analysts downgrade the common stock or if those analysts issue unfavorable commentary, even if it is inaccurate,
or cease publishing reports about the Company or its business. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

We do not own or lease any real property. We run a virtual office model and our business mailing address is 11845 W. Olympic Blvd, Ste
1100W #13, Los Angeles, CA 90064. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

None. 

27 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

The
Company s common stock is not traded on a national exchange. As of the date of this filing, Company s common stock is quoted
on the OTCQB tier of OTC Markets Group with a trading symbol of TZUP. 

As
of March 29, 2023, there were 7,126,336 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding, 

Holders
of Record 

As
of March 29, 2023 there were 77 stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer
agent and does not include beneficial owners of Common Stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers,
and registered clearing agencies. The transfer agent of our Common Stock is Securitize (Pacific Stock Transfer), located at 6725 Via
Austi Pkwy Suite 300, Las Vegas, NV 89119. 

The
Company s authorized capital stock consists of 250,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, 25,000,000 shares
of blank check preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, of which 1,000,000 have been designated as Series A Preferred Convertible
Voting stock. As of March 26, 2023, 7,126,336 shares of Common Stock and 128,312 shares of Series A Preferred Convertible Voting stock
were issued and outstanding. All outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock and Series A Preferred Convertible Voting Stock
are duly authorized, validly issued, fully-paid and non-assessable. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, only shares of
Common Stock and Series A Preferred Convertible Voting Stock are outstanding. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock during the fiscal year and do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold 286,834 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of 04,000. From September 21, 2022
to December 29, 2022, the Company sold 28,004 shares of Series A Preferred Convertible Voting Stock for aggregate proceeds of 1,259,995. The Company incurred 149,137 in offering costs. The offers and sales were made in reliance on the exemption
from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2). Each beneficial note holder was an accredited investor and/or sophisticated
investor pursuant to Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act, who provided the Company with representations, warranties
and information concerning their respective qualifications as an sophisticated investor and/or accredited investor. 
The Company provided and made available to each purchaser full information regarding its business and operations. There was no general
solicitation in connection with the offer or sale of the restricted securities. The purchasers acquired the restricted common stock for
their own account, for investment purposes and not with a view to public resale or distribution thereof. The Company s use of proceeds
was for corporate and products development and general working capital. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

28 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Sections
of this Form 10-K, including the Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation, contain forward-looking statements .
These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance
or achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. You should not unduly rely on these statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions and describe our plans, strategies,
and expectations. You can generally identify a forward-looking statement by words such as may, will, should, 
 would, could, plans, goal, potential, expect, anticipate, 
 estimate, believe, intent, project, and similar words and variations thereof. 

INTRODUCTION 

The
Company was incorporated on October 27, 2020, under the laws of the State of Nevada. Its headquarters are located in Los Angeles, CA.
The Company has never been the subject of any bankruptcy or receivership. The Company has never engaged in any material reclassification,
merger, or consolidation of the Company. The Company has not acquired or disposed of any material amount of assets except in the normal
course of business. 

In
February 2022, the Company was admitted to the Over-The-Counter Venture Market quotation system (OTCQB) under the symbol TZUP. 

Thumzup 
Products and Services 

The
Company operates in a single business segment which is social media marketing. The Thumzup App works on both iPhone and Android
mobile operating systems and connects brands and people who use and love these brands. For the Advertiser, Thumzup incentivizes
real people to become content Creators and post authentic valuable posts on social media about the Advertiser and its products. 

The
Company seeks to capitalize on industry-wide gig economy and business democratization trends. Immense value and opportunity have been
created through the democratization of ride sharing, hospitality, finance and other industries. The Thumzup tools are designed to
facilitate this democratization trend for the consumer and the Advertiser within the online advertising space. 

The
Company has built the technology to support an influencer and gig economy community around its Thumzup App. This technology
and community are designed to generate scalable authentic product posts and recommendations for Advertisers on social media. It is designed
to connect Advertisers with individuals who are willing to tell their friends about the Advertisers products online and offline. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

We
are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. We shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest of: 

(a) the
 last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which it had total annual gross revenues
 of 1.07 billion (as such amount is indexed for inflation every five years by the Commission
 to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the
 Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest 1,000,000) or more; 
 
 (b) the
 last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of
 the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective IPO registration
 statement; 
 
 (c) the
 date on which such issuer has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0
 billion in nonconvertible debt; or 
 
 (d) the
 date on which such issuer is deemed to be a large accelerated filer , as defined
 in section 240.12b-2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. 

The
Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that we may elect to utilize the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting
standards and such election is irrevocable if made. As such, we have made the election to use the extended transition period for complying
with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. 

29 

We
have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of
the JOBS Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public
and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not
be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

OVERVIEW 

We
were formed in October 2020 and have not yet established profitable operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net
loss of 1,221,765, primarily due to software research and development expenses of 567,408, marketing expenses of 224,088, and general
and administrative expenses of 418,940. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred 857,255 in net losses primarily due to 716,524
in software research and development expenses, 21,257 in marketing expenses, 102,698 in general and administrative expenses, 17,486
in interest expense and 1,736 in depreciation expense. 

GOING
CONCERN 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. However, the Company was only recently formed, has not
yet established profitable operations and has incurred losses since inception. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability
of the Company to continue as a going concern. In this regard, management is proposing to raise additional funds not provided by operations
through loans or through sales of its common stock. There is no assurance that the Company will be successful in raising this additional
capital or in achieving profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

The
Company is a software and services company that relies primarily on equity funding for its operations. The Company generated its first
revenues during December 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a cash balance of 1,155,343 and 424,445, respectively.
The Company used 1,083,960 and 813,211 in cash for operating activities during years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The Company expects that it will need to raise additional funding and manage expenses in order to continue as a going concern. No assurances
can be given that it will be able to raise funds on acceptable terms or at all. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

For the Fiscal Year ended 

31-Dec-22 
 31-Dec-21 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 
 2,421 
 2,446 
 (25 
 (0.99 

Operating Expenses 
 1,213,035 
 842,215 
 370,820 
 44.03 

Loss from Operations 
 (1,210,614 
 (839,769 
 (370,845 
 44.15 

Other Income (Expense) 
 (11,151 
 (17,486 
 6,335 
 (36.23 

Net Income (Loss) Applicable to Common Stockholders 
 (1,221,765 
 (857,255 
 (364,510 
 42.52 

30 

Revenues 

The
Company generated revenues of 2,421 and 2,446 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 25. The
Company updated its revenue recognition policy for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in the Company reporting net revenue,
which caused revenue to remain materially the same despite a significant increase in advertiser activity during fiscal year 2022. 

Operating
expenses 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred operating expenses of 1,213,035 and 842,215, respectively, an increase
of 370,820. The increase in operating expenses was caused by costs of revenues increasing by 439 from 0 during the year ended December
31, 2021 to 439 during the year ended December 31, 2022, marketing expenses increasing 202,831 from 21,257 during the year ended December
31, 2021 to 224,088 during the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses increasing 316,242 from 102,698 during
the year ended December 31, 2021 to 418,940 during the year ended December 31, 2022, depreciation expenses increasing
 424 from 1,736 during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 2,160 during the year ended December 31, 2022, offset by a decrease
in software research development expenses of 149,116 from 716,524 during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 567,408 during the year
ended December 31, 2022. The decline in software research and development expenses is attributable to the Company focusing on gaining adoption, while the increases in the remaining operating expenses was caused by the Company expanding operations in fiscal year
2022 to accelerate the platform s growth. 

Net
Loss from operations 

The
Company realized a net loss from operations of 1,210,614 and 839,769 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an
increase of 370,845 for the reasons stated above. 

Other
expenses 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 11,151 and 17,486 in interest expense, respectively, related to debt notes. 

Net
Loss applicable to common shareholders 

The
Company realized a net loss applicable to shareholders of 1,221,765 and 857,255 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
an increase of 364,510 for the reasons stated above. 

Liquidity
and capital resources 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had cash in the amount of 1,155,343 and 424,445, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company had stockholders equity of 1,069,440 and 179,845, respectively. 

The
Company s accumulated deficit was 2,084,707 and 862,942 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company used net cash in operations of 1,083,960 and 813,211 for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Net
cash used in investing activities for years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 6,449, respectively, used to purchase computer equipment. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 1,814,858 for the year ended December 31, 2022, comprised of proceeds from the sale of
common and preferred stock of approximately 737,000 and 1,260,000, respectively, offset by costs incurred for equity sales of
 149,137 and subscriptions receivable of 33,000. Net cash provided by financing activities was 1,042,788 net of offering costs of 106,713 for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

31 

Inflation 

The
Company s results of operations have not been affected by inflation and management cannot predict the impact, if any, inflation
might have on its operations in the future. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Pursuant
to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as
it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The
financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are included after Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning
on page F-1. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

We
have not had any disagreements with our accountants or auditors that would need to be disclosed pursuant to Item 304 of Regulation S-K
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, the Company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Company s management,
including the Company s Principal Executive Officer PEO and Principal Financial Officer PFO ), of
the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act)
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s PEO and PFO concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports
that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including
the Company s PEO and PFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

(b)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act,
during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

The
Company is committed to improving financial organization. As part of this commitment, management and the Board perform reviews of the
Company s policies and procedures as they relate to financial reporting in an effort to mitigate future risks of potential misstatements.
The Company will continue to focus on developing and documenting internal controls and procedures surrounding the financial reporting
process, primarily through the use of account reconciliations, and supervision. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This
annual report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting
or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the
SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes
 in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

32 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Management 

The
name and age of our Directors and Executive Officers are set forth below. All Directors are elected annually by the stockholders to serve
until the next annual meeting of the stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The officers are elected
by our Board of Directors (the Board ). 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 

Robert
 Steele 
 
 56 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Robert
 Haag 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

All
directors serve for one year and until their successors are elected and qualified. All officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of
Directors. There are no family relationships among any of our officers and directors. The Bylaws provide that the Company shall be managed
by a Board of at least one (1) and up to five (5) Directors. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have two (2) sitting
directors. 

Information
concerning our executive officers and directors is set forth below. 

Executive
Officers 

Robert
Steele: Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 

Mr.
Steele is the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Thumzup Media Corporation. From October 2019 until present Mr. Steele has operated
a consulting business that has provided investor relations, financial, sales and marketing consulting services to various clients. Mr.
Steele was the Director of Client Positioning at IRTH Communications, LLC from January 2017 to September 2019. From May 2016 through
December 2016 Mr. Steele was an independent consultant rendering sales, marketing and investor relations services. From January 2010
to May 2016 Mr. Steele was the President of Rightscorp, Inc. While at Rightscorp, Mr. Steele designed and deployed patented intellectual
property software as a service (SaaS) tools that were used by major brands like Warner Bros. to protect their intellectual property.
As President of Rightscorp, Mr. Steele led the design of the software used by clients like Sony/ATV and BMG. BMG successfully used Mr.
Steele s technology to win a landmark 25 million judgment against Cox Communications for copyright infringement. Mr. Steele holds
a BS in Electronic and Computer Engineering from George Mason University. 

33 

Directors 

Robert
Haag: Director 

Robert
Haag is the Managing Member and sole owner of Westside Strategic Partners LLC, which is an investor in the Company. Since 2012, Mr. Haag
has been a Managing Director of IRTH Communications, LLC, which provides financial communications
services, and strategic consulting to its clients . He was previously employed in the brokerage, investment banking industries
from about 1993 2001 and formerly held the Series 7, 24 and 63 licenses. 

Based
in Asia from 2008-2012, he held senior positions with an investment fund and also an investment bank based in Saigon, Vietnam in 2008.
From 2009-2012 he served as Managing Director of Asia for IRTH Communications, LLC and was based out of Shanghai, China. From approximately
2002 -2007 he was Director of Speculative Investments at KMVI, a family office / holding company which invested in restaurants, oil,
private equity, publicly traded companies, real estate and a wide array of other industries. While at KMVI, he was also President and
CEO of Utopia Optics (majority owned by KMVI), an eyewear and apparel company focused on consumers in the action sports markets. Mr.
Haag graduated from Hamilton College with a Bachelor of Arts in History in 1988. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information regarding compensation earned during fiscal 2022 and 2021 by our principal executive officer and
our other most highly compensated executive officers, or the named executive officers, as of the end of the 2022 fiscal year. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 
 Fiscal 
 Year 
 
 Salary 

Bonus 

Other 
 Compensation 

Options 

Restricted 
 Stock
 Awards 

Total 

Robert Steele 
 
 2022 

15,000 

1,653 

- 

- 

- 

16,653 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Robert
Steele, CEO, President, Secretary, and Treasurer is compensated 5,000 per month for his services as Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
commencing on October 1, 2022. Mr. Steele is not compensated for his services as a director of the Company. Mr. Steele received a bonus
of 1,653 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table presents the total compensation for the non-employee director of our Board during the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022. Other than as set forth in the table and described more fully below, we did not pay any compensation, reimburse any expense of,
make any equity awards or non-equity awards to, or pay any other compensation to any of the other members of our Board in such period. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Robert Haag 
 2,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,000 

Mr.
Haag is compensated 1,000 per quarter for his services as a director, which commenced on July 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, 1,000
is owed to Mr. Haag for his services as a director. 

34 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock, and Series A Preferred Convertible
Voting Stock by (i) each person who, to our knowledge, owns more than 5 of our Common Stock or Series A Preferred Convertible Voting
Stock Series A Preferred ), (ii) our current directors and the named executive officers identified under the heading Executive
Compensation and (iii) all of our current directors and executive officers as a group. We have determined beneficial ownership
in accordance with applicable rules of the SEC, and the information reflected in the table below is not necessarily indicative of beneficial
ownership for any other purpose. Under applicable SEC rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which a person has sole or
shared voting power or investment power and any shares which the person has the right to acquire within 60 days after March 29, 2023
through the exercise of any option, warrant or right or through the conversion of any convertible security. Unless otherwise indicated
in the footnotes to the table below and subject to community property laws where applicable, we believe, based on the information furnished
to us that each of the persons named in this table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially
owned. 

The
Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred contains a blocker which prohibits the conversion of the Series A Preferred into
shares of common stock if the number of shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to such conversion would exceed, when aggregated
with all other shares of common stock owned by the holder at such time, the number of shares of Common Stock that would result in the
holder beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules thereunder) more than 4.99 
of all of the common stock outstanding at such time (the 4.99 Beneficial Ownership Limitation provided, however, that,
upon the holder providing the Company with sixty-one (61) days advance notice (the 4.99 Waiver Notice that the
holder would like to waive Section 4(f) of the Certificate of Designations with regard to any or all shares of common stock issuable
upon conversion of the Series A Preferred, Section 4(f) will be of no force or effect with regard to all or a portion of the Series A
Preferred referenced in the 4.99 Waiver Notice but shall in no event waive the 9.99 Beneficial Ownership Limitation (the 9.99 
Beneficial Ownership Limitation ). The paragraph forgoing constituting the Series A Blocker ). 

The
information set forth in the table below is based on 7,126,336 shares of our Common Stock and 128,312 shares of Series A Preferred issued
and outstanding on March 29, 2023. In computing the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage
ownership of that person, we deemed to be outstanding all shares of Common Stock subject to options, warrants, rights or other convertible
securities held by that person that are currently exercisable or will be exercisable within 60 days after March 29, 2023. We did not
deem these shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated,
the principal address of each of the Stockholders below is in care of Thumzup Media Corporation, 11845 W. Olympic Blvd, Ste 1100W
#13, Los Angeles, CA 90064. 

Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Number of Shares of Series A Preferred Owned 
 Percentage of Series A Preferred Beneficially Owned 
 of Total Voting Power 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Robert Steele 
 3,400,000 
 47.71 
 - 
 - 
 47.71 
 
 Robert Haag (1) 
 355,604 (2) 
 4.99 
 27,307 (3) 
 21.28 
 4.99 
 
 All directors and named executive officers as a group (2 people) 
 3,755,754 
 52.70 
 27,307 
 21.28 
 52.70 
 
 Other 5 Stockholder 

Daniel Lupinelli 
 1,500,000 (4) 
 21.05 
 - 
 - 
 21.05 
 
 Joe Thomas (5) 
 446,794 (6) 
 6.27 
 47,730 (7) 
 37.20 
 6.27 
 
 Andrew Haag (8) 
 421,689 (9) 
 5.92 
 48,076 (10) 
 37.47 
 5.92 

(1)
Robert Haag, a Director of the Company, is the Managing Member and sole owner of Westside Strategic Partners, LLC. Robert Haag has voting
control and investment discretion over securities held by Westside Strategic Partners, LLC. As such, Robert Haag may be deemed to be
the beneficial owner (as determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) of the securities held by Westside Strategic Partners, LLC. 

(2)
Consists of (i) 244,645 shares of common stock held by Westside Strategic
Partners, LLC, (ii) 125 shares of common stock held by Robert Haag, and (iii) 110,735 shares of common stock underlying 27,307 shares
of Series A Preferred held by Westside Strategic Partners, LLC. Excludes (i) 299,163 shares of common stock underlying 27,307 shares of
Series A Preferred held by Westside Strategic Partners, LLC as such conversion is prohibited by the Series A Blocker and (ii) 11,150 shares
of common stock for which Westside Strategic Partners, LLC has subscribed under the Company s qualified offering under Regulation
A+ as the subscription proceeds and agreement are being held in escrow until such time that the Company chooses to conduct the first closing
of the offering. As the Company may elect to never conduct a closing under its qualified offering under Regulation A+, the Company has
determined these shares are not under the control of Mr. Haag as of March 29, 2023. 

35 

(3)
Consists of 27,307 shares of Series A Preferred held by Westside Strategic Partners, LLC. 

(4)
Consists of 1,500,000 shares of common stock held by Mr. Lupinelli. Excludes 223 shares of common stock for which Mr. Lupinelli has
subscribed under the Company s qualified offering under Regulation A+ as the subscription proceeds and agreement are being
held in escrow until such time that the Company chooses to conduct the first closing of the offering. As the Company may elect to
never conduct a closing under its qualified offering under Regulation A+, the Company has determined these shares are not under the
control of Mr. Lupinelli as of March 29, 2023. 

(5)
Joe Thomas is the Managing Member of SLS Group, LLC and Optimum Holdings, Inc. Joe Thomas has voting control and investment discretion
over securities held by SLS Group, LLC and Optimum Holdings, LLC. As such, Joe Thomas may be deemed to be the beneficial owner (as determined
under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) of the securities held by SLS Group, LLC and Optimum Holdings, Inc. The address of Mr. Thomas
is 4580 S Thousand Oaks Drive Salt Lake City, UT 84124. 

(6)
Consists of (i) 92,088 shares of common stock held by SLS Group, LLC and (ii) 354,706 shares of common stock held by Optimum
Holdings, Inc. Excludes (i) 715,953 shares of common stock underlying 47,730 shares of Series A Preferred held by Optimum Holdings,
Inc. as such conversion is prohibited by the Series A Blocker and (ii) 22,245 shares of common stock for which SLS Group, LLC has subscribed under the
Company s qualified offering under Regulation A+ as the subscription proceeds and agreement are being held in escrow until such
time that the Company chooses to conduct the first closing of the offering. As the Company may elect to never conduct a closing under
its qualified offering under Regulation A+, the Company has determined these shares are not under the control of Mr. Thomas as of March
29, 2023. 

(7)
Consists of 47,730 shares of Series A Preferred held by Optimum Holdings, Inc. 

(8)
Andrew Haag is the Managing Member of Hampton Growth Resources, LLC. Andrew Haag has voting control and investment discretion over securities
held by Hampton Growth Resources, LLC. As such, Andrew Haag may be deemed to be the beneficial owner (as determined under Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act) of the securities held by Hampton Growth Resources, LLC. The address of Mr. Haag is 1688 Meridian Ave, Ste 700 Miami Beach, FL 33139. 

(9)
Consists of 411,418 shares of common stock held by Hampton Growth Resources, LLC. Excludes (i) 721,144 shares of common stock
underlying 48,076 shares of Series A Preferred held by Hampton Growth Resources, LLC as such conversion is prohibited by the Series
A Blocker and (ii) 22,444 shares of common stock
for which Hampton Growth Resources, LLC has subscribed under the Company s qualified offering under Regulation A+ as the subscription
proceeds and agreement are being held in escrow until such time that the Company chooses to conduct the first closing of the offering.
As the Company may elect to never conduct a closing under its qualified offering under Regulation A+, the Company has determined these
shares are not under the control of Mr. Haag as of March 29, 2023. 

(10)
Consists of 48,076 shares of Series A Preferred held by Hampton Growth Resources, LLC. 

Lockup
Agreements 

On
September 21, 2022, Robert Steele, and Danny Lupinelli entered into Lockup Agreements (the Lockup Agreement with holders
of the Series A Preferred Convertible Stock over the ownership of their securities. Other than with respect to certain issuances, without
the prior consent of 51 of the holders of the Series A Preferred Convertible Stock of the Company, will not (i) offer, pledge, sell,
contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant
to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of stock of the Company or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (ii) file or cause to be filed any registration
statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the offering of any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS. 

We
have not been a party to any transaction or arrangement in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded 1 of the average of
our total assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial
owners of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had
or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

On
November 19, 2020, Westside Strategic Partners, LLC, of which one of our Directors, Robert Haag, is the Managing Member and sole owner,
purchased a convertible note in the principal amount of 50,000 convertible for 50,000 in consideration. The convertible note was converted
into common stock and preferred shares on September 28, 2022 and the note is now retired. 

36 

On
March 16, 2021, Westside Strategic Partners, LLC, of which one of our Directors, Robert Haag, is the Managing Member and sole owner,
acquired 25,000 shares of Common Stock at 1.00 per share for a subscription in the amount of 25,000. 

On
January 7, 2022, Westside Strategic Partners, LLC, of which one of our Directors, Robert Haag, is the Managing Member and sole owner,
acquired 33,334 shares of Common Stock at 1.50 per share for a subscription in the amount of 50,000. 

On
July 7, 2022, Westside Strategic Partners, LLC, of which one of our Directors, Robert Haag, is the Managing Member and sole owner, acquired
16,667 shares of Common Stock at 3.00 per share for a subscription in the amount of 50,000. 

On
September 27, 2022, Westside Strategic Partners, LLC, of which one of our Directors, Robert Haag, is the Managing Member and sole owner,
acquired 2,223 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock at 45 per share for a subscription in the amount of 100,000. 

On
September 28, 2022, Westside Strategic Partners, LLC, of which one of our Directors, Robert Haag, is the Managing Member and sole owner,
exchanged convertible debt in the amount of 37,887.16 in principal and accrued interest for 22,962 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

On
September 28, 2022, Westside Strategic Partners, LLC, of which one of our Directors, Robert Haag, is the Managing Member and sole owner,
acquired 169,644 shares of Common Stock for the conversion of debt in the amount of 18,660.88 in principal and accrued interest. 

On
June 29, 2022, Robert Steele, our Chief Executive Officer and a Director, sold 100,000 shares of Common Stock for 30,000.00 in a private
transaction to an accredited investor. 

On
November 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Media Relations Services Agreement (the Media Relations Services Agreement with Elev8 New Media, LLC Elev8 ), of which one of our directors, Robert Haag, is a member and one of our investors Andrew
Haag is also a member. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will pay Elev8 6,500 per month for six months and the Media Relations
Services Agreement will automatically renew into consecutive monthly periods unless either party provides 30 days written notice of cancellation.
This price is a discounted rate off Elev8 s normal monthly price of 9,500 per month. 

On
December 15, 2022, Westside Strategic Partners, LLC, of which one of our Directors, Robert Haag, is the Managing Member and sole owner,
received a dividend of 490 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, per the terms of its Certificate of Designation. 

On
December 30, 2022, Westside Strategic Partners, LLC, of which one of our Directors, Robert Haag, is the Managing Member and sole owner,
acquired 1,111 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock at 45 per share for a subscription in the amount of 50,000. 

On
February 22, 2023, Daniel Lupinelli, a 10 + shareholder of the Company, subscribed to purchase 223 shares of common stock at 4.50 per
share for a subscription amount of 1,003.50 under the Company s qualified offering under Regulation A+. The subscription is currently in escrow. 

On
February 28, 2023, Westside Strategic Partners, LLC, of which one of our
Directors, Robert Haag, is the Managing Member and sole owner, subscribed to purchase 11,150 shares of common stock at 4.50 per share
for a subscription amount of 50,175 under the Company s qualified offering under Regulation A+. Westside Strategic Partners, LLC
will receive 1,115 shares of common stock as bonus shares under the terms of the qualified offering under Regulation A+. The subscription
is currently in escrow. 

On
March 15, 2023, Westside Strategic Partners, LLC, of which one of our Directors, Robert Haag, is the Managing Member and sole owner,
received a dividend of 521 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, per the terms of its Certificate of Designation. 

37 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm is Haynie Company LLP, Auditor Firm ID 457. Set forth below are approximate fees
for services rendered by Haynie Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Haynie Company 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 30,500 
 25,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 1,050 
 
 Other Fees 
 30,500 
 - 
 
 Totals 
 30,500 
 26,050 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by Haynie Company for the audit
of the Company s annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company s annual report on
Form 10-K and in the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, or services that are normally provided by the independent registered
public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022
and 2021 were 30,500 and 25,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in either of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by Haynie Company that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of the registrant s financial statements and are not reported under Audit
Fees for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0 and 0, respectively. 

Tax
Fees 

The
aggregate fees were billed for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning
for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 1,050, respectively, for Haynie Company. 

All
Other Fees 

Other
fees billed for professional services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above, for the fiscal years
ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0 and 0, respectively, for Haynie Company. 

The
Company s Board of Directors approves all auditing services and the terms thereof and non-audit services (other than non-audit
services published under Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act or the applicable rules of the SEC or the Pubic Company Accounting Oversight
Board) to be provided to the Company by the independent auditor; provided, however, the pre-approval requirement is waived with respect
to the provisions of non-audit services for the Company if the de minimis provisions of Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange
Act are satisfied. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a)
Documents filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(1)
Financial Statements. 

The
following documents are included on pages F-1 through F-6 attached hereto and are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6 

38 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules. 

No
financial statement schedules have been submitted because they are not required or are not applicable or because the information required
is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(3)
Exhibits. 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-255624 
 
 3.1 
 
 June
 23, 2021 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation filed November 4, 2022 
 
 1-A/A 
 
 024-12067 
 
 3.2 
 
 December
 9, 2022 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 1-A/A 
 
 024-12067 
 
 3.3 
 
 December
 9, 2022 
 
 3.4 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Rights, Powers, Preferences, Privileges and Restrictions of Series A Preferred Convertible Voting Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-255624 
 
 3.1 
 
 September
 27, 2022 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-196735 
 
 4.1 
 
 June
 23, 2021 

10.1 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-255624 
 
 10.1 
 
 March
 17, 2022 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Common Stock Financing Term Sheet 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-255624 
 
 10.2 
 
 March
 17, 2022 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-255624 
 
 10.3 
 
 March
 17, 2022 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-255624 
 
 10.1 
 
 September
 27, 2022 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Escrow Agreement 
 
 1-A/A 
 
 024-12067

10.5 
 
 December
 9, 2022 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement 
 
 1-A/A 
 
 024-12067 
 
 10.6 
 
 December
 9, 2022 
 
 10.7 
 +
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Robert Steele dated October 18, 2022 
 
 1-A/A 
 
 024-12067 
 
 10.7 
 
 December
 9, 2022 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

filed
 herewith. 

+ 
 Denotes
 a management contract or compensatory plan. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K Summary 

None. 

39 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on March 31, 2023. 

Thumzup
Media Corporation 

By:
 
 /s/
 Robert Steele 

Robert
 Steele 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By:
 
 /s/
 Robert Steele 

Robert
 Steele 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial/Accounting Officer) 

In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Robert Steele 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Steele 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 

/s/
 Robert Steele 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Steele 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Robert Haag 
 
 Director

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Haag 

40 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Thumzup Media Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Thumzup Media Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2020, and the related
statements of operations,, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Consideration
of the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has yet to generate significant revenue, has incurred net losses and has an accumulated
deficit. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
regarding these matters are also described in Note 3 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/

March 30, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 

F- 1 

THUMZUP MEDIA CORPORATION 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current
 assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid
 expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 current assets 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Senior
 secured convertible promissory notes 
 - 

Total
 current liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders 
 equity: 

Preferred
 stock - shares
 authorized: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred
 stock - Series A, 
 par value, 
 stated value, 
 shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding 
 
 - 
 
 Preferred
 stock, value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock, par
 value, shares
 authorized; and
 shares
 issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Subscription receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

F- 2 

THUMZUP MEDIA CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Operating
 Expenses: 

Cost
 of revenues 
 
 - 
 
 Sales
 and marketing 

Research
 and development 

General
 and administrative 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Loss
 From Operations 

Other
 Income (Expense): 

Interest
 expense 

Total
 Other Income (Expense) 

Net
 Loss Before Income Taxes 

Provision
 for Income Taxes (Benefit) 
 - 
 - 

Net
 Loss 

Net
 Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders 

Net
 Income (Loss) Per Common Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted
 Average Common Shares Outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

F- 3 

THUMZUP
MEDIA CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Additional 

Series A 
 Common Stock 
 Paid 
 Subscription 

Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 In Capital 
 Receivable 

Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

Beginning balance, value 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for advisory 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 - 
 
 Common Stock issued for investment 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

Offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Beginning balance, value 
 - 
 - 

Preferred Series A issued for cash 

- 
 - 

- 

- 

Preferred Series A issued for exchange of notes and interest 

- 
 - 

- 

- 

Preferred Series A issued for dividends 

- 
 - 

- 

- 

Common Stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

() 
 
 - 

Common Stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

Common Stock issued for conversion of notes 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

Stock issuance costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Rounding 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

Ending balance, value 

) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

THUMZUP
MEDIA CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Stock issued for services 
 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock dividend paid with stock 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense paid with stock on conversion 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from sale of preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Subscription receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Costs incurred for equity sales 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during period for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid during period for taxes 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Preferred Series A issued for exchange of convertible notes and accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Common shares issued upon conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

Thumzup 
Media Corporation 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

and ,
respectively. The Company maintains its cash in banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation in accounts that at times may be in excess of the federally insured limit of per bank. The Company minimizes
this risk by placing its cash deposits with major financial institutions. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the uninsured balances
amounted to 
and ,
respectively. There is a risk the Company may lose uninsured balances over the FDIC insurance limit. 

and 0 in prepaid expenses, respectively. The Company s prepaid
expenses as of December 2022 consisted primarily of fees paid to a consultant for business development services which were rendered in
January 2023. 

and , respectively. 

We
derive our revenue principally from service fees paid by the client for the use of our platform in connection with our advertising technology
platform which incentivizes users to leave reviews of our clients. Our sole performance obligation in the transaction is to connect clients
with end-users to facilitate the completion of a successful review on the user s social media accounts. 

Judgment
is required in evaluating the presentation of revenue on a gross versus net basis based on whether we control the service provided to
the end-user and are the principal in the transaction (gross), or we arrange for other parties to provide the service to the end-user
and are the agent in the transaction (net). We have concluded that we are the agent in our current transactions as we arrange for users
to provide the service to the clients and the users post reviews on social media accounts controlled by the users. The assessment of
whether we are considered the principal or the agent in a transaction could impact the accounting for these transactions and change the
timing and amount of revenue recognized. The percentage fee the Company charges is not variable. 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

The
Company classifies its credit card transaction fees as cost of goods sold. 

Client
Deposits 

Thumzup s
clients generally prepay to utilize the Company s technology platform. All client deposits for services are recorded as a client
deposit liability upon receipt. Upon a user leaving a qualified review for the client, as defined in Thumzup s Mobile Terms and
Conditions, the Company transfers the fee payable to the user to a user account balances liability account and realizes the fees payable
to the Company as revenue. The Company holds all client deposits and user account balances in cash or cash-equivalents, including money
market accounts. 

The
computation of basic and diluted income (loss) per share, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 excludes potentially dilutive
securities when their inclusion would be anti-dilutive, or if their exercise prices were greater than the average market price of the
common stock during the period. 

Common shares issuable upon conversion of preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Total potentially dilutive shares 

and ,
and the Company used 
 and 
 to fund operating activities for the years ending
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company raised approximately 
 from the sale of 
 shares of its common stock and approximately
 
 from the sale of 
 shares of Preferred Series A stock and incurred
offering costs of .
The Company raised approximately 
 in capital contributions (net of offering costs of during 2021. The Company may need to raise additional funding and manage expenses in order to continue as a going concern. 

in Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes Senior Notes ). The Senior
Notes originally matured on and accrued interest at eight per annum. Accrued interest maybe paid quarterly or
converted in to shares of common stock. The note holders issued an extension of the due date on these notes to November 19, 2022. During
September 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock upon conversion of the Senior Notes and the associated accrued
interest payable of and issued shares of its Series A Preferred upon exchange of
the remaining principal balance and accrued interest of the Senior Notes of . The balance of the Senior Notes payable
at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. 

At
any time while the Senior Notes were outstanding, and at the sole option of the note holder, the Senior Notes were convertible into shares of
the Company s common stock, par value, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company into which such
common stock could have been changed or reclassified. 

A
holder was not entitled to convert any portion of the Senior Note in excess of that portion of the Senior Note upon conversion of which
the sum of (1) the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates and (2) the number of conversion
shares issuable upon the conversion would have resulted in beneficial ownership by a Holder and its affiliates of more than of
the then outstanding shares of common stock. 

The
per share conversion price into which principal and interest outstanding of the Senior Notes were convertible into shares of common stock
was equal to cents per share. The Senior Notes contained a protection feature whereupon any issuance by the Company of common stock,
or a security that was convertible into common stock, at a price lower than a net receipt to the Company of per share, would result
in the conversion price being adjusted to equal the lower price per share. The Company had classified this protection as a contingent
beneficial feature and would have recorded it as a benefit to a holder in the event a conversion price adjustment occurred. The conversion
price adjustment for the Senior Notes never occurred. 

In
September 2022, the Company entered into separate exchange agreements with the Holders of the Senior Secured Promissory Notes to allow
the conversion of their notes and accrued interest into shares of preferred stock. In September 2022 the Holders of the Senior Secured
Promissory Notes exercised their option to convert their notes and accrued interest of into shares of
common stock, and of notes and accrued interest were converted into shares of Preferred Series A stock.
The balance of the Senior Secured Promissory Notes and the associated accrued interest payable at December 31, 2022 was . 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share. On September 26, 2022, the Company amended
a Certificate of Designation to the Secretary of State of Nevada designating shares of preferred stock as Series A Preferred
which was originally submitted on September 21, 2022 Series A COD ). Each shareholder shall have the right, at any time
and from time to time, at the shareholder s option to convert any or all of such holder s shares of Series A Preferred into
the number of shares of Common Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred initially converts into shares of Common Stock at a reference
rate of per share of Common Stock subject to adjustments. 

The
holders of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive dividends, in cash or in-kind at Company s election, in an amount equal
to per share. If paid in kind, the dividend shall be in shares of Series A Preferred (the Dividend Shares valued
at the per share of Series A Preferred (the Purchase Price unless the closing price of the common stock on the
trading day prior to the issuance of the dividend is below the reference rate, in which case the dividend shares shall be valued at the
purchase price adjusted pursuant to the formula set forth in Section 3 of the Certificate of Designations. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with accredited investors. Pursuant to the
Securities Purchase Agreements, the company sold Shares of its Series A Preferred at per preferred share and received gross
proceeds of approximately . The Company issued shares of its Series A Preferred for the exchange of the Senior Notes
and the associated accrued interest payable of . 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of Series A Preferred as Dividend Shares per the Series A COD. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series A Preferred outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue million shares of common stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock at par value of for services rendered. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for investment of , net offering costs
of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 
shares valued at based on the market value of per share on the date of the stock grant for services
rendered. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock for investment of ,
net offering expenses of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of convertible debt and accrued
interest of . 

, which is available
to reduce future taxable income, for federal and state income taxes, respectively. The NOL is scheduled to expire in 2037. At the current
federal tax rate of 21 and including book to tax differences result in the current NOL of at December 31, 2022. The Company
has no income tax effect due to the recognition of a full valuation allowance on the expected tax benefits of future loss carry forwards
based on uncertainty surrounding realization of such assets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has increased
the valuation allowance from to . 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 
 
 Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 

- 

Book to tax differences 

() 
 
 Valuation allowance 

() 
 
 Effective tax rate 

Series A Preferred Convertible Voting Shares Series A Preferred for a dividend per the terms of the Series A Preferred Certificate of Designation. 

The
Company is currently conducting an offering under Regulation A+, pursuant to an Offering Statement on Form 1-A/A filed on December
23, 2022 and qualified on January 9, 2023, through which the Company is offering up to million
shares of common stock at a purchase price of per
share. The Company currently has subscriptions for shares for an aggregate subscription amount of in escrow as fully
described in the Company s Form 1-A/A filed on December 23, 2022. 

F- 11 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Robert Steele, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Thumzup Media Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent function): 

a. 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Steele 

Robert
 Steele 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Robert Steele, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Thumzup Media Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent function): 

a. 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Steele 

Robert
 Steele 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 Principal
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Robert Steele, in my capacity as Chief Executive Officer of Thumzup Media Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Thumzup Media Corporation for
the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and that information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of Thumzup Media Corporation. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Steele 

Robert
 Steele 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Robert Steele, in my capacity as Chief Financial Officer of Thumzup Media Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Thumzup Media Corporation for
the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and that information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of Thumzup Media Corporation. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Steele 

Robert
 Steele 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 tmc-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 tmc-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 tmc-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 tmc-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

