<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1811856_0001811856-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14242992</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>685939</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2342734</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4568041</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3504404</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2897427</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001811856-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331082455
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001811856-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		129
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			View, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001811856
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FLAT GLASS [3211]
		IRS NUMBER:				843235065
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39470
		FILM NUMBER:		23783384

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 SOUTH MILPITAS BLVD
		CITY:			MILPITAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95035
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-263-9200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 SOUTH MILPITAS BLVD
		CITY:			MILPITAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95035

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CF Finance Acquisition Corp II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200512

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001811856-23-000003.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 view-20221231.htm
 10-K

view-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________ 
 FORM 
 ___________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 . 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: . 
 ___________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ___________________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every interactive data file required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022 was million based on the closing sale price of the ordinary shares on that date, as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 As of March 27, 2023, shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 of the registrant were issued and outstanding. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

View, Inc. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Table of Contents 
 Page No. PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 7 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 50 
 Item 2. Properties 
 50 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 50 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 53 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 54 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 56 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 56 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 75 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 76 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 126 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 126 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 128 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 128 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 129 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 129 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 129 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 129 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 129 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 130 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 133 
 Signatures 
 134 

3 

Table of Contents 

Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 Certain statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are sometimes accompanied by words such as believe, continue, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, predict, plan, may, should, will, would, potential, seem, seek, outlook and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as and must not be relied on by an investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Company. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ from the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider the factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and the Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. The Company does not give any assurance that it will achieve its expectations. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Summary of Risks Affecting Our Business 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, which are discussed more fully under the heading Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks include the following: 
 Risks Related to Liquidity, SEC and Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq Compliance 
 We have determined that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, as our continued existence is dependent upon our ability to raise additional capital through outside sources. 
 We are seeking approval of a reverse stock split of our Class A common stock for the purpose of maintaining the listing of our stock on Nasdaq and there can be no assurance that we will obtain stockholder approval or the reverse stock split may not have the desired result. 
 Our failure to prepare and timely file our periodic reports with the SEC limits our access to the public markets to raise debt or equity capital. 
 Risks Related to the Investigation, Restatement, and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have restated our consolidated financial statements for prior annual and interim periods, which has affected and may continue to affect investor confidence, our stock price, our ability to raise capital in the future, our reputation with our customers, and our ability to timely file our periodic reports with the SEC, which has resulted in stockholder litigation, may result in additional litigation in the future and may reduce customer confidence in our ability to complete new contract opportunities. 
 We have identified deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting resulting in material weaknesses and the conclusion that our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. If we fail to properly remediate these or any future material weaknesses or deficiencies or to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, further material misstatements in our financial statements could occur and impair our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements, which could cause current and potential stockholders to lose confidence in our financial reporting, which in turn could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 We are involved in, and may in the future be subject to, litigation and regulatory examinations, investigations, proceedings or orders as a result of or relating to our Restatement and our failure to timely file our Annual and Quarterly Reports with the SEC; if any of these are resolved adversely against us, it could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses related to the Investigation, Restatement and remediation of deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, and any resulting litigation. 
 The Investigation, the findings thereof and the Restatement process, have diverted, and may continue to divert, management and other human resources from the operation of our business. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Our Business and Industry 
 Our limited operating history and history of financial losses make evaluating our business and future prospects difficult and may increase the risk of your investment. 
 Our future growth and success is dependent upon the real estate industry s willingness to adopt our products, including View Smart Glass. 
 Our revenue and backlog may not be adequate or grow sufficiently, and that backlog may not convert into future sales. 
 Our new products and services may not be successful. 
 Our financial results may vary significantly from period-to-period due to fluctuations in our operating costs, revenue and other factors. 
 Our use of the cost-to-cost input method of revenue recognition requires that we estimate costs to be incurred under long-term contracts. Changes in estimates could result in a reduction of previously recorded revenue or additional losses. 
 We may not be able to accurately estimate the future supply and demand for our products, which could result in a variety of inefficiencies in our business and hinder our ability to generate revenue. If we fail to accurately predict our manufacturing requirements, we could incur additional costs or experience delays. 
 Disruption of supply or shortage of materials, in particular for glass and semiconductor chips, could harm our business. 
 Increases in cost of materials, including glass and semiconductor chips, have and could continue to harm our business. 
 The failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 We have yet to achieve positive operating cash flow and there can be no assurance that we will be able to generate positive cash flow from operations in the future. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Our corporate restructuring and the associated headcount reduction may not result in anticipated savings, could result in total costs and expenses that are greater than expected and could disrupt our business. 
 Any significant disruption to our sole manufacturing production line or the failure of our facility to operate according to our expectation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Any issues or delays in meeting our projected manufacturing cost improvements and increased production capacity could adversely impact our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 
 COVID-19 and other public health crises could materially impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 While we obtain components from multiple sources whenever possible, there are important components used in our products that are purchased from single source suppliers. Delivery of necessary components of our products by these and other suppliers according to our schedule and at prices, quality levels and volumes acceptable to us, or our inability to efficiently manage these components, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 
 Our financial condition may impair our ability to obtain credit terms with our suppliers. 
 Failure of our subcontractors to satisfy their obligations to us or other parties, or the inability to maintain these relationships, may adversely impact our business operations and financial results. 
 Our historical financial results may not be indicative of what our actual financial position or results of operations will be. 
 If we are unable to establish and maintain confidence in our long-term business prospects among business customers, analysts and within our industries, then our financial condition, operating results, and business prospects may suffer materially. 
 We have incurred and expect to continue to incur costs and demands upon our management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies in the United States. 
 If we fail to scale our business operations and otherwise manage future growth and adapt to new conditions effectively as we rapidly grow, including internationally, we may not be able to produce, market, sell and service our products successfully. 
 We rely on complex machinery for our operations, and production involves a significant degree of risk and uncertainty in terms of operational performance and costs. 
 If our products fail to perform as expected our ability to develop, market and sell our products and services could be harmed. 
 We may choose to or be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other similar actions, which could adversely affect our brand image and financial performance. 
 We may need to defend ourselves against and may face liability in respect of claims for infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others, which may be time-consuming and could cause us to incur substantial costs and/or materially impact our ability to operate. 
 We are continuously expanding and improving our information technology systems and security measures designed to protect our systems against breaches and cyber-attacks. If these efforts are not successful, our business and operations could be disrupted, and our operating results and reputation could be harmed. 
 Our products and services are subject to substantial regulations, which are evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could substantially harm our business and operating results. 
 We are subject to various government regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us and negatively impact our ability to operate our manufacturing facility. 
 We could be subject to liability, penalties and other restrictive sanctions and adverse consequences arising out of certain governmental investigations and proceedings. 
 Our insurance strategy may not be adequate to protect us from all business risks. 
 Litigation, complaints or adverse publicity or unauthorized use of our brand name could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our current and future warranty reserves may be insufficient to cover future warranty claims which could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 If we are unable to achieve our targeted manufacturing costs for our products, our financial condition and operating results may suffer. 
 Our business model of manufacturing smart glass is capital-intensive, and we may not be able to raise additional capital on attractive terms, if at all, which could be dilutive to stockholders. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business in the future, which could cause our future stock price to be adversely affected. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 Corporate History and Background 
 We are a former blank check company incorporated on September 27, 2019, under the name CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II CF II as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On March 8, 2021 (the Closing Date ), CF II consummated the previously announced merger pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 30, 2020 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among CF II, PVMS Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned-subsidiary of CF II Merger Sub ), and View, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Legacy View ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, a business combination between CF II and Legacy View was affected through the merger of Merger Sub with and into Legacy View (the Business Combination ), with Legacy View surviving as the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of CF II (the Merger and collectively with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the Transactions ). On the Closing Date, CF II changed its name from CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II to View, Inc. and Legacy View changed its name to View Operating Corporation. Our Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants are listed on the Nasdaq under the symbols VIEW and VIEWW , respectively. 
 Overview 
 View, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries View or the Company ), headquartered in Milpitas, California, is a leading smart buildings platform and technology company that transforms buildings to improve human health and experience, reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions, and generate additional revenue for building owners. 
 Our innovative products are designed to enable people to lead healthier and more productive lives by increasing access to daylight and views, while minimizing associated glare and heat from the sun and keeping occupants comfortable. These products also simultaneously reduce energy consumption from lighting and HVAC, thus reducing carbon emissions. To achieve these benefits, we design, manufacture, and provide electrochromic or smart glass panels to which we add a 1 micrometer (~1/100th the thickness of human hair) proprietary electrochromic coating. These smart glass panels, in combination with our proprietary network infrastructure, software and algorithms, intelligently adjust in response to the sun by tinting from clear to dark states, and vice versa, to minimize heat and glare without ever blocking the view. In addition, we offer a suite of fully integrated, cloud-connected smart-building products that are designed to enable us to further optimize the human experience within buildings, improve cybersecurity, further reduce energy usage and carbon footprint, reduce real estate operating costs, provide real estate owners greater visibility into and control over the utilization of their assets, and provide a platform on which to integrate and deploy new technologies into buildings. 
 Our earlier generation products are described best as smart glass, which are primarily composed of three components that all work together to produce a solution: 
 the insulating glass unit; which is either double or triple pane with a micrometer semiconductor (or electrochromic) coating. 
 the network infrastructure; which is composed of the controllers, connectors, sensors, and cabling. 
 the software: which includes the predictive algorithms, artificial intelligence, remote management tools, and user-facing iOS and Android apps, to control the tint of the glass. 
 After we completed installations in a few hundred buildings, we identified an opportunity to use our network infrastructure and cabling as the backbone on which different smart and connected devices in a typical building could operate. We believe customers using View Smart Glass can leverage our network as their building s operations technology infrastructure to reduce duplicative labor costs, reduce materials usage, provide better cyber security, improve visibility and management of connected devices, and future-proof the building through easy upgradability. 
 Recognizing the opportunity to significantly improve the human experience, energy performance and carbon footprint in buildings, and real estate operating costs through adoption of technology, we began selling a Smart Building Platform, which is a fully integrated smart window platform, to building owners starting in 2021. Concurrent with the commencement of the sales efforts, we began hiring a team of construction managers, project managers, and building specialists to enable us to work towards delivering the fully installed and integrated Smart Building Platform, which had historically been the responsibility of the general contractor s glazing and low voltage electrician LVE subcontractors. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 The Smart Building Platform includes end-to-end design and deployment services, and also enables next generation Smart Building Technologies. We began offering our Smart Building Platform for the following strategic reasons: 
 To optimize the design, aesthetics, energy performance and cost of the entire smart fa ade (or digital skin) of the building, rather than just one component (smart glass), thus benefiting both customers and us. 
 To elevate the window selection and purchase decision to a customer and decision maker that has a more global view of the project and is in a much better position to make an informed decision regarding all the benefits provided by our Smart Building Platform. 
 To accelerate the integration of new technologies into the fabric of the building. Today, this includes integrating environmental quality sensors and immersive, transparent, high-definition displays into smart windows. Importantly, our smart fa ade design enables future hardware and software upgrades into the building infrastructure. 
 We believe delivering a digital, connected fa ade and smart building platform will enable future business opportunities and pricing models as buildings, both existing and new, incorporate additional technology and connected products. 
 Our next generation, smart building network is designed as a scalable and open infrastructure in which the smart window is now another node of the network; in addition, the network is now equipped to host other connected devices and applications, from both us and third parties, as additional nodes on the network. The network has its own 48v direct current power and power-over-ethernet ports to incorporate other connected devices on a standard protocol. Also integrated into the network throughout the building is gigabit speed linear ethernet coaxial cable, as well as optical fiber. Computer processing is also built into the backbone of the network with x86 and ARM processing cores. The network also includes an operating system with capabilities to run third party applications and services, security protocol to protect buildings from cyberattacks, and several elements of a digital twin of the building. Our smart building network also hosts artificial intelligence and machine learning engines, which we developed, and also provides access to artificial intelligence and machine learning engines that are in the cloud. The exterior of the building is the largest in surface area. With the smart building network, the entire exterior of the building can be digitized. Activating the exterior through digitization creates multiple opportunities for building owners and occupants. 
 This next generation, smart building network enables other devices and smart building applications to be built and connected to our smart building network. A few applications we have already built and deployed on our next generation network include: 
 Transparent Displays: View Immersive Display. Integrated into the smart window and connected to the same network as the glass, Immersive Display allows users to turn their windows into the equivalent of an iPad or tablet an interactive digital display that allows users a new way to digest multi-media content. Immersive Displays are large-format (55 inches and larger), digital, high-definition, interactive canvases that can be used to broadcast content, host video calls and display information and digital art to large groups of people, while maintaining a view of the outdoors through the window on which it is integrated. 
 Personalized Health: View Sense. An integrated, enterprise-grade, secure, sensor module that monitors multiple environmental variables (e.g., CO2, Temperature, Volatile Organic Compounds, Humidity, Dust, Light, and Noise) to provide illustrative data and information to building management teams in order to improve building performance and enhance human health and comfort. 
 Our R D continues to focus on not only improving the smart glass product but also on bringing more smart building applications and capabilities to market, as well as collaborating with other industry partners to integrate their devices and applications with our smart building network, with the aim of making building occupants more comfortable, healthier, and more productive, making buildings more sustainable, and providing better information to building owners to streamline operations and reduce operating costs. 
 In terms of the value propositions to our customers, our earlier generation smart glass product focused primarily on improving occupant experience and reducing energy costs through adjustments of the glass tint. The current generation of the product focuses not only on improving energy savings and user experience through smart glass, but it also focuses on increasing occupant productivity, creating healthier buildings, and using data from other devices to develop broader insights that further improve building operations and reduce energy usage. 
 We also recognized that the new Smart Building Platform offering would enable the company to move up the supply chain of the construction industry. Whereas our traditional offering placed us in the role of a supplier to subcontractors of the General Contractor GC ), the level of integration and oversight needed to ensure a quality installation and integration of the complete smart building platform is designed to incentivize building owners and GCs to engage directly with us, engaging us to assume the role of the prime contractor for the platform rather than supplier of subcomponent materials. This has also better positioned us to upsell additional goods and services to the building owners in the future, which could be more efficiently integrated into the smart building platform than with the traditional offering. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Today, our Smart Glass products are installed into over 48 million square feet of buildings, including offices, hospitals, airports, educational facilities, hotels, and multi-family residences. In addition to our Smart Building Platform, we continue to sell smart windows through our Smart Glass offering and several, individual smart building products through our Smart Building Technologies offerings. Across our combined product lines, our products are installed in over 100 million square feet of buildings. 
 Our Products 
 View Smart Glass 
 View Smart Glass is our core product that includes the following products and services: 
 Insulating glass units IGUs 
 Our electrochromic glass panels in the form of IGUs utilize our proprietary electrochromic technology to modulate ultraviolet, visible and infrared light simultaneously and on command. Electrochromism is the phenomenon by which the light transmission through a transparent material changes when an electrical voltage is applied to it. This ability to control light transmittance enables us to automatically control the amount of light and heat entering a space, thus reducing the energy consumption of the building. 
 Controls, Software and Services CSS 
 Our CSS is a network infrastructure comprised of our proprietary wiring and controls system that provides a network addressable location to every glass panel, as well as software and algorithms that control the behavior of each glass panel in real time. The products and services that make up CSS include electrical connections schema, sky sensors, window controllers and control panels with embedded software, cables and connectors that enable the IGUs to tint. 
 View Net 
 View Net is our next generation CSS, a cloud-connected, network infrastructure offering that powers the smart glass IGUs and can incorporate and power other smart building devices from View and other companies. View Net is a scalable, secure, fault-tolerant, enterprise-grade, smart building platform that can be upgraded remotely or over-the-air to incorporate performance improvements and new features. By having the ability to incorporate other smart building devices, View Net reduces redundant cabling, installation costs and materials. It also future-proofs buildings for technology upgrades by providing the capability to add smart devices and applications over an open IP protocol, thus providing integrated capabilities and saving future complexity, cost, time and materials. 
 View Smart Building Platform 
 View Smart Building Platform is a complete interrelated and integrated platform that combines our smart glass IGUs, the fabrication, unitization and installation of the framing of those IGUs, any combination of View Smart Building Technologies, and installation of the completed smart glass windows and CSS components into a fully installed Smart Building Platform. The Smart Building Platform utilizes our View Net infrastructure to enable smart building applications, such as our Smart Glass, for which each IGU is a separate node on the network. Customers also have the option to integrate any of our View Smart Building Technologies product offerings, as more fully described further below, as additional nodes on the smart building network and tailored to the customer s specific needs depending upon their desired smart building functionality. We are responsible for completing the design of the system based on the customer s specifications, manufacturing, fabricating and unitizing the specific smart glass products required based on this design, installation of these products in the customer s building, and integration of all interrelated components, including any enhanced options, into the fully integrated View Smart Building Platform. The end product to the customer is a single-solution Smart Building Platform that uses artificial intelligence to adjust the building environment to improve occupant health and productivity, as well as reduce building energy usage and carbon footprint. 
 View Smart Building Technologies 
 View Smart Building Technologies includes the following products and services: 
 View Immersive Experiences 
 View Immersive Experience transforms View Smart Glass windows into a transparent, digital, interactive surface by incorporating see-through, high definition displays directly onto the windows View Immersive Experiences ). Users can use these interactive surfaces to communicate and conduct video conference calls right on the View Smart Glass windows, collaborate by writing on these touch-sensitive surfaces with their fingers, and display information to educate and entertain. View Smart Glass windows provide the contrast, glare control and UV-protection required to achieve high quality experiences and product durability. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 View Sense 
 View Sense modules provide the ability to measure and optimize light, humidity, temperature, air quality, dust, and noise environmental variables that directly impact human experience and health in buildings. View Sense combines several sensors into integrated modules, reducing the number of discrete sensors, as well as the amount of cabling, labor, and installation effort required to use those sensors. View Sense also incorporates machine learning and artificial intelligence to optimize environmental conditions and generate new insights. View Sense modules can be monitored and controlled remotely. They can also be upgraded remotely through over-the-air software updates to incorporate new features and performance improvements. 
 View Smart Protect 
 View Smart Protect is our intrusion detection solution that can be deployed on all View Smart Glass windows to improve the security of a building by detecting glass breakage View Smart Protect ). By leveraging our proprietary network infrastructure, View Smart Protect can be deployed to allow customers to monitor any break in the electrical circuit of View Smart Glass windows. View Smart Protect eliminates the need to add additional glass breakage sensors to enhance security, thereby saving materials and additional maintenance and installation costs, while also improving aesthetics. 
 View Smart Building Cloud products: 
 View Secure Edge 
 View Secure Edge is a plug-and-play edge-to-cloud solution that enables IT and digital innovation teams to securely connect new and existing buildings to the cloud; centrally manage building networks, systems, and data in the cloud; and deploy edge applications for real-time processing, insights, and optimizations. 
 View Remote Access 
 View Remote Access is a secure access portal that enables IT teams to reduce the cost and cybersecurity risks of maintaining smart buildings by providing vendors and technicians with secure, auditable, time-bound remote access to building networks and devices. 
 View Building Performance 
 View Building Performance is a configurable application and web-based tool that enables building managers to measure, optimize and automate building performance with comprehensive, contextual, and actionable insights consolidated from disparate on-premises and cloud-based systems. 
 View Workplace Experience 
 View Workplace Experience is a configurable application and web-based tool that enables corporate facilities managers to create healthier, more efficient, and more productive workplaces by uncovering actionable insights related to building health, space utilization and workplace operations. 
 View Smart Building Cloud aggregates data from connected systems, sensors, and applications within a building and applies data normalization and spatial contexts. The Smart Building Cloud is embedded into View Secure Edge, View Remote Access, View Building Performance, and View Workplace Experience. 
 Our Benefits 
 Our products provide multiple benefits to users, building owners and operators, and more broadly to society. 
 Sustainability and Energy Efficiency: View Smart Glass reduces energy usage in buildings by blocking heat from entering buildings and thus reducing peak cooling loads. View Smart Glass also helps harvest natural light, thus reducing daytime lighting energy loads. Building owners can also realize significant contributions to their Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design LEED certifications, and path to Net-Zero Energy performance by using View Smart Glass windows. In addition, View Building Performance makes it possible to further optimize building energy consumption by combining occupancy data with HVAC and lighting controls. 
 Improved Human Health and Productivity: Independent research has shown that increased exposure to natural light and views leads to significant reductions in the incidence of eyestrain, headaches and drowsiness, improved productivity and longer sleep. In addition, View Sense provides information to report and optimize indoor environmental factors such as temperature, air quality, light levels and the level of carbon dioxide, which have been shown to impact cognitive function. 
 Better User Comfort and Experience: While people enjoy sitting next to windows because of the benefits of natural light and a connection to the outdoors, they often feel uncomfortable and are unable to do so with conventional glass 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 windows because of the presence of glare and heat. View Smart Glass mitigates both heat and glare while still maintaining unobstructed views and a connection to the outdoors, thus keeping users comfortable and providing them with a superior experience. 
 Improved Utilization of Real Estate: Building operators today often leave the last few feet around the perimeter of a building unoccupied because of the presence of uncomfortable heat and glare. By using View Smart Glass windows, they are able to eliminate this discomfort and reclaim usable space inside the building perimeter. 
 Design Flexibility: Many architects prefer to design buildings with large windows because of the benefits of natural light and to cater to occupant preferences. However, conventional glass lets in heat because of incidental sunlight, making it a relatively energy-inefficient material. This has forced architects to either reduce the size of windows or spend more on other mitigation strategies to meet regulatory requirements and user preferences. View Smart Glass, which modulates the amount of heat entering the building, provides architects with greater design flexibility allowing for larger windows and more natural light while still meeting energy codes and regulatory requirements. 
 Future-Proofing of Assets: By using the View Smart Building Platform, building owners gain the capability to make future performance improvements to their buildings at lower costs and complexity, and to potentially realize higher rents or faster lease-ups, which in turn may improve the monetary value of the building. In addition, the View Secure Edge provides cybersecurity protections and edge compute environments needed to cost-effectively deploy and manage new smart building applications over time. Finally, View Building Performance also reduces the ongoing costs associated with real estate property management, potentially boosting net operating income even further. 
 Our Strengths 
 We believe we have several strengths that will allow us to drive the rapid adoption of our products and to maintain our market leading position: 
 Complete product solution: We offer complete product solutions, in which we design and deploy all critical aspects of the product, including the electrochromic nano-coatings, smart glass panels, electronics, cabling, converged secure network infrastructure, algorithms, software, customized framing, and end-to-end design and deployment services. Having complete design and deployment control over our products enables us to provide a superior, more elegant and more integrated solution and experience to customers and end users as compared to our competitors. 
 Proven product durability: We have demonstrated projected lifetimes of our electrochromic nano-coating of over 30 years, with no degradation in performance, in tests conducted by independent laboratories. 
 Strong record of execution: View Smart Glass and View Smart Building Platform have now been installed into over 48 million square feet of buildings of significant scale and prominence. 
 Manufacturing scale: We have a manufacturing footprint of over 800 thousand square feet in North America and have full control of our manufacturing processes, allowing us to rapidly scale while reducing production costs and maintaining quality. 
 Intellectual property portfolio: We have more than 1,400 patents and patent filings, over 14 years of research and development experience, and continue to drive innovation across materials science, electronics, networking, hardware, software, and human factors research. 
 Smart Building Platform: View Smart Building Platform s network architecture offers a competitive advantage, as it has greater functionality and utilizes less cabling, and we believe it is significantly simpler and cheaper to install than solutions from competing smart glass suppliers. As smart buildings grow in popularity, our Smart Building Platform s enterprise-grade network provides yet another reason for building owners to choose smart glass. 
 Growing product portfolio: We have continued to develop several new products that will optimize the human experience in buildings, help reduce energy usage and carbon footprint, and make buildings more intelligent and adaptable. Our Smart Building Platform enables smart building applications to be built and connected to our smart building network. 
 Strong ecosystem relationships: In the process of View Smart Glass and View Smart Building Platform being installed into over 48 million square feet of buildings of significant scale and prominence, we have developed strong relationships with members of the construction ecosystem including architects, general contractors, glaziers and low voltage electricians. In addition, we have built strong relationships with owners, tenants, and building developers who are in the best position to recognize and appreciate the multiple benefits we bring to their employees and tenants, as well as their energy efficiency initiatives. See Our Customers below for more details on our sales process. 
 Experienced leadership team: We have built an experienced leadership team with a strong track record of driving product innovation, revenue growth and profitability in several technology businesses. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Company culture: Most importantly, we have built a strong culture of safety, inclusion, curiosity, customer delight, iterative learning, commitment to excellence, ownership, and teamwork. This has enabled us to tackle hard technical and business problems and opportunities, challenge conventional wisdom, deliver value to our customers, and build a strong competitive advantage over incumbents and other entrants. 
 Our Market Opportunity / Key Trends 
 We believe that the total addressable market for smart glass will include all exterior windows in buildings and expect smart glass to eventually be as prevalent as air conditioning or elevators in buildings. We expect four secular megatrends to continue to drive the demand for our View Smart Building Platform and View Smart Glass windows in modern architectural designs: 
 Increased focus on climate change, Environmental, Social, and Corporate Governance ESG and sustainability: There is both a growing awareness in society of the need to reduce energy usage and to mitigate or reverse the human impact on climate change and growing regulatory pressure to reduce energy consumption in buildings. View s Smart Glass panels and products help reduce energy usage in buildings and contribute in a positive and material manner to the ESG, LEED and energy initiatives of building owners and occupants. 
 Growing focus on human health inside buildings: Based on scientific knowledge and general societal move towards healthier living, we believe that there is a growing focus within the real estate industry by architects, developers and building owners to construct buildings that are healthier. The COVID-19 pandemic has only increased the awareness in broader society of the environmental conditions inside buildings, including a greater focus on how air quality affects human health. Independent studies have shown that View s products improve the health and wellness of people in buildings. 
 Better occupant experience: We believe that people have growing expectations for comfort, wellness, and experience from their indoor environments and workspaces. Humans spend significantly more time inside buildings compared to inside automobiles. Yet comparatively, the real estate industry has experienced very little innovation in the last several decades. Independent research has demonstrated that natural light and views are among the highest desired amenities by employees, and tenants pay higher rents for buildings with these features. We enhance both natural light and views through our Smart Glass panels and products, and we anticipate this to be a strong driver of market growth. 
 Growing demand for smart buildings: We believe that a confluence of factors, including societal changes and customer needs, the availability of high-performance sensors and electronics at reasonable prices, and advancements in software, machine learning and artificial intelligence, are driving demand for smart buildings. We are well positioned to leverage these trends with a smart building platform, and a growing portfolio of smart building products can be added to this platform. 
 Our Customers 
 We sell our products across multiple verticals of the real estate industry, including but not limited to commercial offices, airports, hospitals and healthcare facilities, multi-family residential, and educational buildings. Within the commercial office space, our end users include companies who commission and own buildings for their own use, as well as developers who construct buildings to lease or rent to tenants. 
 We engage and build relationships directly with members of the real estate ecosystem, including building owners, glaziers, low-voltage electricians, tenants, developers and general contractors. We believe that market adoption of our products is strongly influenced by engagement with end users, such as owners, tenants and building developers, as they are well positioned to appreciate and value the benefits offered by our products, such as the improvement of human health, reduced energy usage, superior tenant experience, higher asset values, and future-proofing assets through technology. We secure design wins typically through non-binding agreements with such parties to design View products into a building project. As building projects commence, we negotiate and enter into legally binding agreements for the sale of our products and services with our customers. 
 Our Competition 
 We compete in the commercial window industry and the electrochromic glass industry, as well as within the larger smart building product industry, each of which is highly competitive and continually evolving as participants strive to distinguish themselves within their markets, including through product performance, addition of new features, and price. We believe that our main sources of competition are existing commercial window manufacturers, electrochromic glass manufacturers, and companies developing smart building products and intrusion detection solution technologies. We believe the primary competitive factors in our markets are: 
 Technological innovation; 
 Ability to integrate multiple systems efficiently and effectively; 
 Product performance; 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Product quality, durability, and price; 
 Execution track record; and 
 Manufacturing efficiency. 
 Growth Strategies 
 Each of the below growth initiatives will be propelled by our ability to develop mainstream acceptance of our products. We continuously work to market our products and believe we will have mainstream acceptance of our products through the execution of the following: 
 Compelling, proven product with growing installed base: Our technology is patented, functional and proven, with an increasing number of installations across major markets in North America driving both greater product awareness and higher interest from the real estate ecosystem. We expect this trend to accelerate as our base of installations continues to grow. 
 New product introduction: We have significantly expanded our product portfolio and offer several smart building products to the market. In addition to a strong existing installed base who we believe will be likely adopters of these products, we also anticipate that strong interest in our smart building products will accelerate adoption of View Smart Glass and Smart Building Platform. 
 Sales channel expansion: We plan to create greater awareness and education among building owners and tenants, of the significant benefits of our products, by forming business relationships with real estate brokers. Given the large number of commercial real estate brokers across North America, such business arrangements have the potential to significantly increase the awareness and recognition of us, our products and our benefits multiple fold. 
 Deepen delivery ecosystem relationships: In the process of View Smart Glass and View Smart Building Platform being installed into over 48 million square feet of buildings of significant scale and prominence, we have developed strong relationships with members of the construction delivery ecosystem including architects, general contractors, glaziers and low voltage electricians. We will continue to focus on developing stronger relationships with these partners to facilitate smooth execution and positive momentum. 
 Expansion into new geographies: We currently derive the majority of our business from select markets in North America. We believe our solutions will have universal appeal and anticipate significant growth opportunities to expand our business in additional regions in North America and in international markets around the world. 
 Serving new applications and industries: We believe there are significant benefits to using smart glass solutions in automotive applications such as windows and glass roofs that automatically adjust to sunlight, mobile phones and computing, wearables, mixed and augmented reality applications, and in other industries. We anticipate serving these applications in the future. 
 Investment Tax Credit: On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was passed by Congress and signed into law by President Joe Biden. The IRA includes the implementation of a new alternative minimum tax, an excise tax on stock buybacks, and significant tax incentives for energy and climate incentives, and other provisions. The Investment Tax Credit ITC ), available to our customers under the IRA, is expected to bring the cost of our products to cost parity with conventional windows. We believe the ITC will increase demand for our products by reducing the net cost of our products to our customers. 
 While we believe that the prevailing secular trends will continue to drive adoption of smart glass, current macro-economic factors are having a negative impact on the overall real estate market including higher interest rates, uncertainty in the lending markets and post-COVID-19 pandemic office occupancy. 
 By focusing on innovation, continually enhancing our product offerings and leveraging our platform to offer new products, we believe we can increase building project originations, product usage and customer satisfaction, which we believe will increase revenue per customer and expand our customer base while reducing customer attrition. With over 14 years of research and development experience and more than 1,400 patents and patent applications, our research and development and engineering teams include people with expertise in all aspects of the development process, including materials science, electronics and networking, product design, software development, machine learning and AI, and quality assurance. Our research and development activities are conducted at our headquarters in Milpitas, California and also at our manufacturing facility located in Olive Branch, Mississippi. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Manufacturing and Supply 
 Manufacturing Process 
 The insulating glass units IGUs included in the View Smart Glass and View Smart Building Platform offerings are manufactured at our production facility located in Olive Branch, Mississippi. We operate a sophisticated manufacturing facility designed for performance, scale, durability, and repeatability. 
 Our manufacturing combines talent, equipment, and processes from the semiconductor, flat panel display, solar and glass processing industries. Our proprietary manufacturing facility has been in use since 2010. We currently operate one production line in our facility with a name-plate capacity of approximately 5 million square feet of smart glass per year. In addition, we have partially completed the construction of a second production line at our Olive Branch facility. Once operational, we expect our facility s name-plate capacity to increase by an additional 7.5 million square feet of smart glass per year, bringing our total name-plate capacity of our facility to 12.5 million square feet per year. We expect to incur additional capital expenditures in future periods with respect to facility automation and completion of the second production line. The existing manufacturing facility enables us to achieve economies of scale, as we increase production and decrease cost per unit produced. 
 The electronic components comprising our View Net, View Immersive Experiences and View Sense products are manufactured through various contract manufacturers in accordance with our proprietary designs. We use outsourced manufacturing facilities to limit our capital expenditures, take advantage of third-party manufacturing expertise, and gain the flexibility and scalability to respond to changing demands for our products. Our manufacturers order components that have long lead times based on our demand forecasts and purchase other components as needed. We do not have any long-term supply agreements with any of the contract manufacturers that manufacture or supply any of the electronic components comprising our View Net, View Immersive Experiences and View Sense products. 
 Certain materials used in the manufacturing of our products are purchased from a limited number of suppliers. Shortages could occur in these materials due to an interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry. For the year ended December 31, 2022, each of three suppliers accounted for 30.7 , 12.9 and 11.1 of total purchases, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, one supplier accounted for 34.0 of total purchases. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our ability to create, obtain and protect intellectual property is important to the success of our business and our ability to compete. We create IP in our operations globally, and we work to protect and enforce our IP rights. We consider our trademarks valuable assets, including well-known marks such as VIEW , VIEW NET , INTELLIGENCE , VIEW SENSE and VIEW DISPLAY . 
 In addition, we integrate licensed third-party technology and IP into certain aspects of our products. Although certain third-party proprietary IP rights are important to our success, we do not believe we are materially dependent on any particular third-party IP. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had: 615 issued patents; 811 pending, published or allowed patent applications; 70 registered trademarks and 33 pending trademark applications. 
 Raw Materials 
 We utilize various commodity raw materials in our products, including glass, deposition targets, and glass spacers in the manufacturing process, as well as aluminum for the framing of the IGUs as part of the Smart Building Platform product. Before we use these materials, a supplier must undergo an extensive qualification process, depending on the type of raw material. When appropriate and feasible, we secure raw material supplies through long-term contracts; however, currently we primarily purchase our product inputs through periodic purchase orders, including for glass which is a critical raw material. We obtain raw materials and supplies from a variety of sources whenever possible, although certain important glass components used in our products are purchased from a single source supplier. We believe our sources and supplies of raw materials are adequate for our needs. 
 Facilities 
 We are headquartered in Milpitas, California and manufacture our products at our facility located in Olive Branch, Mississippi. Our research and development activities are conducted at both our Milpitas and Olive Branch locations. We lease approximately 804,104 square feet of manufacturing space in Olive Branch under a lease expiring in March 2028. We also lease office space of 77,200 square feet in Milpitas under a lease expiring in September 2028. As of December 31, 2022, we have invested over 400.0 million in capital expenditures, primarily in the Olive Branch facility which continues to be our sole manufacturing hub since 2010. We believe our current facilities are secure under long-term leases and will support our anticipated growth over the next several years. As demand for our products hits sufficient levels, we expect to expand our 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 operations in Olive Branch through the completion of a second production line, but do not intend to add new facilities in the near future. 
 Government Regulation and Compliance 
 United States 
 We are subject to a variety of laws, regulations and licensing requirements of federal, state and local authorities. We are also required to obtain various licenses and permits from state and local authorities in connection with the operation of our businesses, including but not limited to licensing, permitting and inspection requirements applicable to glaziers, electricians and engineers; building codes; and permitting and inspection requirements applicable to construction projects. 
 Our sales and marketing practices are regulated by federal, state and local agencies. These laws and regulations typically place restrictions on the manner in which products and services can be advertised and sold, and to provide consumers with certain rescission rights. 
 Our operations include the use, handling, storage, transportation, generation and disposal of hazardous materials. We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the use, management and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, and occupational health and safety. We are subject to litigation regarding environmental compliance and could incur in the future substantial costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions and costs arising from regulatory proceedings, third party property damage or personal injury claims, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws or non-compliance with environmental permits required at our facilities. 
 For example, in April 2022, View and the United States Attorney s Office for the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi agreed in principle to the terms of a global settlement agreement resolving the prospect of claims and charges against View relating to all prior discharges of water without first obtaining a pretreatment permit. The terms of the potential global settlement agreement include, among others, a 3.0 million fine, a 1.5 million civil penalty and a 0.5 million community service payment, wastewater reduction requirements, as well as probation and oversight for three years. In connection with the final approval of the settlement, we expect to obtain required permits or to enter into an agreed order and operate in compliance with such order until permits can be obtained. For further discussion of the potential global settlement agreement, see Item 3, Legal Proceedings and Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included in this Annual Report. In addition, any failure by the Company to be in compliance with the terms of the potential global settlement agreement, applicable environmental laws and regulations or any new laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our facility is also subject to OSHA Process Safety Management regulations, which are designed to prevent or minimize the consequences of catastrophic releases of toxic, reactive, flammable or explosive chemicals. 
 We are also subject to federal and state laws regarding privacy and the protection of user data. Certain state data protection, privacy, consumer protection, content regulation and other laws and regulations may be more restrictive than federal laws. There are also a number of legislative proposals pending before the United States Congress and various state legislative bodies concerning data protection that could affect us. We take reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and certain industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection, and security. However, it is possible that the obligations imposed on us by applicable data privacy laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices in other jurisdictions. 
 See Item 3, Legal Proceedings , of this Annual Report for additional information about current and potential legal proceedings involving the Company. 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law. Electrochromic windows, such as our products, are included under the investment tax credit in the Inflation Reduction Act. This legislation is expected to significantly reduce the cost of electrochromic windows, reduce energy consumption of buildings, reduce carbon emissions, improve energy security, create American manufacturing jobs and drive widespread adoption of smart windows, which in turn is expected to lower peak demand on the American power grid. 
 Canada 
 Companies operating in the smart glass industry in Canada are subject to provincial regulation of their business activities, including the sale, installation and maintenance of smart building and electronic security systems. Consumer protection laws in Canada also require that certain terms and conditions be included in the contract between the service provider and the consumer. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Resources 
 Employee Overview 
 Our employees are instrumental in helping inspire us to achieve our purpose. They bring a wide range of talents, experience, and perspectives to drive the innovation that is changing the world. We believe in the recognition of employee contributions, and, for that reason, we make significant efforts to consider individual job performance as an important factor for promotions, job retention, and salary adjustments. We are an equal opportunity employer, and it is our policy to make employment decisions and opportunities based on merit, qualifications, potential, and competency. 
 We are headquartered in Milpitas, California and manufacture our products at our facility located in Olive Branch, Mississippi. Our research and development activities are conducted at both our Milpitas and Olive Branch locations and we maintain several smaller sales offices throughout the United States and Canada. As of December 31, 2022, we had 728 employees, including 482 in factory operations in Olive Branch, MS, 126 in sales and marketing and customer support, and 120 other employees primarily in research, development, engineering services and general and administrative support. On March 27, 2023, our board of directors approved a restructuring plan to reduce structural costs, including our workforce. Pursuant to the plan, we expect to decrease overall headcount by approximately 170 employees, which represents approximately 23 of full-time employees as of March 28, 2023. The reduction in workforce is expected to be substantially implemented in March 2023. See Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more details on the restructuring. 
 To date, we have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be strong. Our employees are not represented by a labor union or subject to a collective bargaining agreement, nor have there been any known union organizing activities at any of our facilities. 
 Talent and Human Capital Management 
 Our human capital is governed by various federal, state and local regulations. We monitor key employment activities, such as hiring, termination and pay practices to ensure compliance with established regulations across the world. Attracting, developing and retaining the best people globally is critical to View s long-term success. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We are focused on attracting, developing and retaining diverse teams. We embrace diversity and inclusion and strive to provide an environment rich with diverse skills, backgrounds and perspectives. 
 Health Safety 
 The safety of our employees remains our top priority. We have developed a robust set of health and safety policies in order to provide our employees and contractors with the knowledge and tools necessary to reduce the risks associated with their work responsibilities. Our training programs are developed in response to federal, state, and local regulations, as well as insurance agency requirements and institutional needs. 
 From the start of the COVID-19 crisis, we adopted extensive safety protocols to minimize potential workplace virus exposure, as the employees at our Olive Branch, MS facility have been deemed essential workers. Our safety protocols include, but are not limited to, specific traffic flow patterns, a check-in system, social distancing, temperature checks, and vigorous cleaning procedures. 
 Board Oversight 
 Our Board believes that human capital management is an important component of our continued growth and success, and is critical to our ability to attract, retain and develop talented and skilled employees. We pride ourselves on a culture that respects co-workers and values concern for others. Management regularly reports to the Board on human capital management topics, including corporate culture, safety, diversity and inclusion, employee development and compensation and benefits. The Board provides input on important decisions, including with respect to safety, talent retention and development. 
 Employee Incentives and Benefits 
 We are committed to providing equity incentives to all our employees through the grant of equity incentive awards under our equity incentive plan, in order to align their interests with stockholders as owners of the business. We also provide cash incentives to our employees under our annual bonus program, pursuant to which employees are eligible to earn annual cash bonuses based on a percentage of their base salaries and overall company performance. These cash and equity incentive programs allow us to be competitive with comparable companies in our industry by giving us the resources to attract, motivate and retain talented individuals. 
 In addition, we provide health, welfare and retirement benefits for our employees, including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term and long-term disability, vacation, paid time off, various voluntary insurance programs and our 401(k)- 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 retirement plan, which allow us to enhance employee productivity and loyalty through the provision of competitive benefits. Furthermore, our employee assistance program offers employees and their families information, referrals, and short-term counseling for personal issues affecting their work or personal life in order to help protect the physical, emotional, and financial well-being of our employees. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 We maintain a website at www.view.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge on our website, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them electronically with the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains information we electronically file with, or furnish to, the SEC. 
 Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website (investors.view.com), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels as well as social media and blogs to communicate with our members and the public about our company, our services and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on social media and blogs could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on the social media channels and blogs listed on our investor relations website. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem less significant may also affect our business operations or financial results. If any of the following risks actually occur, our stock price, business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes to the financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Risks Related to Liquidity, SEC and Nasdaq Compliance 
 We have determined that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, as our continued existence is dependent upon our ability to raise additional capital through outside sources. 
 We have determined that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, as we do not currently have adequate financial resources to fund our forecasted operating costs and meet our obligations for at least twelve months from the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our continued existence is dependent upon our ability to obtain additional financing, as well as to attain and maintain profitable operations by entering into profitable sales contracts and generating sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations on a timely basis. Our business will require a significant amount of capital investments to execute our long-term business plans. 
 While we recently raised additional financing during 2022, there can be no assurance that future necessary financing will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we raise funds in the future by issuing equity securities, such as through the sale of our common stock under the common stock purchase agreements (the Purchase Agreements discussed further in Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, dilution to stockholders will occur and may be substantial. Any equity securities issued may also provide for rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of holders of common stock. If we raise funds in the future by issuing additional debt securities, these debt securities could have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of preferred and common stockholders. The terms of any additional debt securities or borrowings could impose significant restrictions on our operations. The capital markets have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, periods of upheaval that could impact the availability and cost of equity and debt financing. In addition, recent and anticipated future increases in federal fund rates set by the Federal Reserve, which serve as a benchmark for rates on borrowing, will continue to impact the cost of debt financing. 
 If we are unable to obtain adequate capital resources to fund operations by raising additional capital and attaining and maintaining profitable operations or raising additional capital, we would not be able to continue to operate the business pursuant to our current business plan, which would require us to modify our operations to further reduce spending to a sustainable level by, among other things, delaying, scaling back or eliminating some or all of our ongoing or planned investments in corporate infrastructure, business development, sales and marketing, research and development and other activities, which would have a material impact on our operations and our ability to increase revenues, or we may be forced to discontinue our operations entirely. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We are seeking approval of a reverse stock split of our Class A common stock for the purpose of maintaining the listing of our stock on Nasdaq and there can be no assurance that we will obtain stockholder approval or the reverse stock split may not have the desired result. 
 Our Class A common stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq. On February 13, 2023, we received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff of Nasdaq stating that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) because the bid price for our common stock had closed below 1.00 per share for the previous 30 consecutive business days. In accordance with Nasdaq listing rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have 180 calendar days, or until August 14, 2023, to regain compliance. The Notice states that to regain compliance, the bid price for our common stock must close at 1.00 per share or more (the Minimum Bid Price for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days during the compliance period ending August 14, 2023. 
 We are seeking stockholder approval of a reverse stock split of our common stock for the purpose of raising the per share trading price of our common stock and maintaining the listing of our common stock on Nasdaq. However, there is no assurance that our stockholders will approve the reverse stock split proposal, or even if they do, that it will have the desired result and that we will be able to maintain our listing on Nasdaq. Even if we effect the reverse stock split and maintain our listing, shares of our common stock may still have a relatively low trading price, which could hinder our ability to attract institutional or other potential investors. Furthermore, the price per share of our common stock after the reverse stock split, if approved and effected, may not reflect the reverse stock split and the price per share following the effective time of the reverse stock split may not be maintained for any period following the reverse stock split. In many cases, the market price of a company s shares declines after a reverse stock split. Accordingly, the total market capitalization of our common stock following the contemplated reverse stock split may be lower than before the reverse stock split. Similarly, the trading liquidity of our common stock could be adversely affected by the reduced number of shares outstanding after the reverse stock split. If we do not regain compliance with the Nasdaq minimum bid price or the reverse stock split proposal is not approved by our stockholders, Nasdaq will immediately provide the combined company with written notification that the common stock will be delisted. 
 If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on our exchange for failure to meet the listing standards and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences including, along with our stockholders: 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 reduced liquidity for our securities; 
 a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock, which will require brokers trading our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for shares of our Class A common stock; 
 a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our Class A common stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our Class A common stock and warrants qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. If we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 Our failure to prepare and timely file our periodic reports with the SEC limits our access to the public markets to raise debt or equity capital. 
 We did not file our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 as well as certain Quarterly Reports, within the timeframe required by the SEC; thus, we have not remained current in our reporting requirements with the SEC. Although we have since regained status as a current filer given that such reports have now been filed, we are not currently eligible to use a registration statement on Form S-3 that would allow us to continuously incorporate by reference our SEC reports into the registration statement, or to use shelf registration statements to conduct offerings, until approximately one year from the date we regained and maintain status as a current filer. To pursue an offering now, we are required to conduct the offering on an exempt basis, such as in accordance with Rule 144A, or file a registration statement on Form S-1. Using a Form S-1 registration statement for a public offering would likely take significantly longer than using a registration statement on Form S-3 and increase our transaction costs, and could, to the extent we are not able to conduct offerings using alternative methods, adversely impact our ability to raise capital or complete acquisitions of other companies in a timely manner. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to the Investigation, Restatement, and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have restated our consolidated financial statements for prior annual and interim periods, which has affected and may continue to affect investor confidence, our stock price, our ability to raise capital in the future, our reputation with our customers, and our ability to timely file our periodic reports with the SEC , which has resulted in stockholder litigation, may result in additional litigation in the future and may reduce customer confidence in our ability to complete new contract opportunities. 
 We have restated our consolidated financial statements in prior periods related to annual and interim periods. These restatements were associated with our warranty-related obligations discovered in connection with the independent investigation initiated by our audit committee concerning the adequacy of our previously presented warranty-related obligations (the Investigation), which has since been completed, as well as other immaterial misstatements. Such restatements: 
 has had and may continue to have the effect of eroding investor confidence in us and our financial reporting and accounting practices and processes; 
 has resulted in failure to timely file our periodic reports with the SEC; 
 has negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact the trading price of our common stock; 
 has resulted in stockholder litigation and may result in additional litigation; 
 may make it more difficult, expensive and time consuming for us to raise capital on acceptable terms, or at all; 
 may make it more difficult for us to pursue transactions or implement business strategies that might otherwise be beneficial to our business; 
 may negatively impact our reputation with our customers; 
 has limited and may continue to limit our ability to bid for new projects and ultimately secure sales; and 
 may cause customers to place new orders with other companies instead of with us. 
 See Item 3, Legal Proceedings , of this Annual Report for a description of our current litigation. 
 We have identified deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting resulting in material weaknesses and the conclusion that our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. If we fail to properly remediate these or any future material weaknesses or deficiencies or to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, further material misstatements in our financial statements could occur and impair our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements, which could cause current and potential stockholders to lose confidence in our financial reporting, which in turn could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 as follows: 
 We did not design or maintain an effective internal control environment that meets our accounting and reporting requirements. Specifically, we did not have a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate degree of accounting knowledge and experience to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters commensurate with our accounting and reporting requirements and lacked related internal controls necessary to satisfy our accounting and financial reporting requirements. Additionally, we did not demonstrate a commitment to integrity and ethical values. These material weaknesses contributed to the following additional material weaknesses: we did not design or maintain effective controls with respect to revenue and receivables and warranty-related obligations. 
 These material weaknesses in our control environment and in our warranty-related obligations process resulted in the need to restate our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the unaudited quarterly financial information for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 and the unaudited quarterly financial information for each of the quarters in the year ended December 31, 2020. The material weakness in our revenues and receivables process resulted in adjustments that were not material to our annual or interim financial statements. Additionally, these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of substantially all of our account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Although we plan to complete the remediation process as quickly as possible, we cannot at this time estimate how long it will take, and our remediation measures may not prove to be successful in remediating these material weaknesses. If our remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weaknesses, or if additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements and we may be required to restate our financial results. In addition, if we are unable to successfully remediate these material weaknesses and produce accurate and timely consolidated financial statements, our stock price, liquidity and access to the capital markets may be adversely affected and we may be unable to maintain compliance with applicable stock exchange listing requirements and debt covenant requirements. Further, because of our inherent limitations, even our remediated and effective internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all material misstatements. Additionally, our projection or the result of any evaluation of effectiveness of these measures in future periods remain subject to the risk that our internal controls and procedures may become inadequate because of changes in our business condition, changes in accounting rules and regulations, or to the degree our compliance with our internal policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 For additional information on the material weaknesses identified and our remedial efforts, see Item 9A, Controls and Procedures. 
 We are involved in, and may in the future be subject to, litigation and regulatory examinations, investigations, proceedings or orders as a result of or relating to our Restatement and our failure to timely file our Annual and Quarterly Reports with the SEC; if any of these are resolved adversely against us, it could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 We are exposed to potential liabilities and reputational risk associated with litigation, regulatory proceedings and government enforcement actions. As a result of the Investigation and our failure to timely file our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2021, and our Quarterly Reports for the quarters ended June 30 and September 30, 2021, as well as our Quarterly Report for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, we are currently the subject of securities class action litigation and an ongoing investigation by the SEC (the SEC Investigation ). See Item 3, Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report for information about these and other current and potential legal proceedings involving the Company. 
 The Restatement and our failure to timely file our Annual and Quarterly Reports with the SEC, as well as our reported material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, may subject us to additional litigation and regulatory examinations, investigations, proceedings or orders, including a cease and desist order, the suspension of trading of our securities, delisting of our securities, the assessment of civil monetary penalties, and other equitable remedies. Our management has devoted and may be required to devote significant time and attention to these matters. If any of these matters are resolved adversely against us, it could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, while we cannot estimate our potential exposure to these matters at this time, we have already expended significant resources investigating the underlying claims and addressing these matters and expect to continue to need to expend significant resources to conclude these matters. Our insurance policies coverage may not be sufficient to compensate for all potential liability. Although we maintain applicable insurance, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 
 We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses related to the Investigation, Restatement and remediation of deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, and any resulting litigation . 
 We have devoted substantial internal and external resources towards the Investigation and the Restatement and expect to continue to devote substantial such resources towards the implementation of enhanced procedures and controls over deficiencies that resulted in the Restatement and the remediation of other deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. Because of these efforts, we have incurred and expect that we will continue to incur significant fees and expenses for legal, accounting, financial and other consulting and professional services, as well as the implementation and maintenance of systems and processes that will need to be updated, supplemented or replaced. We have taken a number of remediation efforts in response to the Investigation. However, there can be no assurance that these steps will be successful. To the extent these steps are unsuccessful or incomplete, or we identify additional problems requiring remediation, we may be required to incur significant additional time and expense. The incurrence of significant additional expense or the requirement that management devotes substantial time that could reduce the time available to execute on our business strategies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Investigation, the findings thereof and the Restatement process, have diverted, and may continue to divert, management and other human resources from the operation of our business. 
 The absence of timely and accurate financial information has hindered and may in the future hinder our ability to effectively manage our business. The Investigation, the findings thereof and process of the Restatement have diverted, and may continue to divert, management and other human resources from the operation of our business. The Company s board of directors, members of management, and our accounting, legal, administrative and other staff and outside consultants have spent 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 significant time on the Investigation, the findings thereof and the process of the Restatement, and will likely spend significant time on remediation of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over our financial reporting. These resources have been, and will likely continue to be, diverted from the strategic and day-to-day management of our business and may have an adverse effect on our ability to accomplish our strategic objectives, our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Our Business and Industry 
 Our limited operating history and history of financial losses make evaluating our business and future prospects difficult and may increase the risk of your investment . 
 You must consider the risks and difficulties we face as an early-stage company with a limited operating history. If we do not successfully address these risks, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition may be materially and adversely harmed. We have devoted substantially all of our efforts towards the manufacturing, sale and further development of our product platforms, and marketing of both custom and standardized product solutions. In the course of our activities, we have not achieved profitable operations or positive cash flows from operations. We incurred a net loss of 337.1 million and 343.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We believe that we will continue to incur substantial losses until we achieve production volumes necessary to support profitability, assuming such volumes can then be sustained. There can be no assurance when we will achieve positive cash flows from operations, if at all. 
 The amount of our future losses is uncertain and our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly or may fall below the expectations of investors as we, among other things, continue to incur significant expenses in connection with the design, development and manufacturing of our products, expansion of our research and development activities, investment in manufacturing capabilities, build-up of inventories of components for our products, increase in our sales and marketing activities, development of our distribution infrastructure and increase in our general and administrative functions to support our growing operations. We may find that these efforts are more expensive than we currently anticipate or that these efforts may not result in a sufficient increase in revenue, which would lead to even greater losses. 
 Our future growth and success is dependent upon the real estate industry s willingness to adopt our products, including View Smart Glass . 
 Our growth is highly dependent upon the adoption of smart glass by the real estate industry. Although we anticipate growing demand for our products, there is no guarantee of such future demand, or that our products will remain competitive in the market. If the market for smart glass in general and our products in particular do not develop as we expect, or develop more slowly than we expect, or if demand for our products decreases in our markets, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. The market for our products could be affected by numerous factors, such as: 
 perceptions about smart glass features, quality, safety, performance and cost; 
 competition, including from other types of smart glass or traditional glass; 
 the cost premium of smart glass in contrast to traditional glass; 
 government regulations and economic incentives; 
 current macro-economic factors that are having a negative impact on the overall real estate market, including higher interest rates, uncertainty in the lending markets and post-COVID-19 pandemic office occupancy; 
 reduced construction activity, including as a result of the short and long-term effect of COVID-19; and 
 concerns about our current liquidity and future viability. 
 Our revenue and backlog may not be adequate or grow sufficiently, and that backlog may not convert into future sales. 
 We cannot provide assurances that our business will grow. For instance, bookings and design win backlogs may not materialize into future sales as expected, as building projects may be canceled or change our product plans due to the time-sensitive nature of the construction of commercial buildings, which is often delayed by unforeseen events, or terminated completely. If our future demand does not reach anticipated levels, our second production line may not be required and could result in an impairment of long-lived assets or loss in capital investment to date. Further, even if our backlog can be sustained and there is conversion into future sales, we may not be able to produce and deliver the products at sufficient operating profit, or at all. 
 Our new products and services may not be successful. 
 We launched our first smart glass products and services in 2012. Since that time, we have launched a number of other offerings, and we anticipate launching additional products and services in the future. Existing and new products and services we may launch in the future may not be well received by our business customers, may not help us to generate new business customers, may adversely affect the attrition rate of existing business customers, may increase our business customer acquisition costs and may increase the costs to service our business customers. Any profits we may generate from these or other new products or services may be lower than profits generated from our other products and services and may not be sufficient for us to recoup 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 our development or business customer acquisition costs incurred. New products and services may also have lower gross margins, particularly to the extent that they do not fully utilize our existing infrastructure. In addition, new products and services may require increased operational expenses or business customer acquisition costs and present new and difficult technological and intellectual property challenges that may subject us to claims or complaints if business customers experience service disruptions or failures or other quality issues. To the extent our new products and services are not successful, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 Our financial results may vary significantly from period-to-period due to fluctuations in our operating costs, revenue and other factors . 
 We expect our period-to-period financial results to vary based on our operating costs and revenue, which we anticipate will fluctuate as the pace at which we continue to design, develop and manufacture new products and possibly increase production capacity by expanding our current manufacturing facility and adding future facilities, and, ultimately, upon market acceptance of our products. Additionally, our revenue from period-to-period may fluctuate as we introduce existing products to new markets for the first time and as we develop and introduce new products. As a result of these factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our financial results, especially in the short term, are not necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance. Moreover, our financial results may not meet expectations of equity research analysts, ratings agencies or investors, who may be focused on quarterly financial results. 
 Our use of the cost-to-cost input method of revenue recognition requires that we estimate costs to be incurred under long-term contracts. Changes in estimates could result in a reduction of previously recorded revenue or additional losses. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 54.6 and 38.8 , respectively, of our revenues were associated with Smart Building Platform contracts, for which we account for using the cost-to-cost input method of revenue recognition, which requires that revenue be recognized ratably over the life of the contract based on the proportion of costs incurred to date to total costs expected to be incurred for the entire project. The effects of revisions to revenue and estimated costs, as well as the impact of change orders, are recorded when the amounts are known and can be reasonably estimated. Such revisions could occur in any period and their effects could be material. The uncertainties inherent in the estimating process make it possible for actual costs to vary materially from initial and updated estimates. 
 We may not be able to accurately estimate the future supply and demand for our products, which could result in a variety of inefficiencies in our business and hinder our ability to generate revenue. If we fail to accurately predict our manufacturing requirements, we could incur additional costs or experience delays. 
 It is difficult to predict our future revenue and appropriately budget for our expenses, and we may have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business. We anticipate being required to provide forecasts of our demand to our current and future suppliers prior to the scheduled delivery of products to potential business customers. Currently, there is insufficient historical basis for making judgments on the demand for our products or our ability to develop, manufacture, and deliver products, or our profitability in the future. If we overestimate our requirements, our suppliers may have excess inventory, which indirectly would increase our costs. If we underestimate our requirements, our suppliers may have inadequate inventory, which could interrupt manufacturing of our products and result in delays in shipments and revenue. In addition, lead times for materials and components that our suppliers order may vary significantly and depend on factors such as the specific supplier, contract terms and demand for each component at a given time. If we fail to order sufficient quantities of product components in a timely manner, the delivery of our products to our potential business customers could be delayed, which would harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Disruption of supply or shortage of materials, in particular for glass and semiconductor chips, could harm our business. 
 Our business is dependent on the continued supply of certain materials, including glass and semiconductor chips for use in our products, and we may experience a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of such materials. Any such supply interruption or shortage could materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. The available supply may be unstable, depending on market conditions and global demand for these materials and could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Increases in cost of materials, including glass and semiconductor chips, have and could continue to harm our business . 
 Certain materials necessary to produce our products, including glass and semiconductor chips, are sourced from a limited number of suppliers. Any disruption in the supply of materials from such suppliers has and could continue to disrupt production of our products until such time as a different supplier is fully qualified. As a result, we have and may continue to experience an increase in costs or inability to meet customer demand. Furthermore, shortages or increased demand of such materials and other economic conditions may cause us to experience significant increases in freight charges and the cost of materials. Substantial increases in the prices for our materials or prices charged to us would increase our operating costs and could further reduce our margins if we cannot recoup the increased costs through increased product prices. Any attempts to increase product prices in 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 response to increased material costs could result in cancellations of product orders and reservations and therefore materially and adversely affect our brand, image, business, prospects and operating results. 
 The failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 Although we generally seek to diversify our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments across several financial institutions in an attempt to minimize exposure to any one entity, these funds are deposited in several financial institutions significantly in excess of federally insured levels. If any of the financial institutions in which we have deposited funds ultimately fails, we may lose our deposits in excess of 250,000 at such financial institutions, and/or we may be required to move our accounts to another financial institution, which could cause operational difficulties, such as delays in making payments to our partners, suppliers and employees, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 We have yet to achieve positive operating cash flow and there can be no assurance that we will be able to generate positive cash flow from operations in the future . 
 We had negative cash flow from operating activities of 259.7 million and 261.3 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our business will require significant amounts of working capital to sustain operations and we will need to make investments to execute our long-term business plans. An inability to generate positive cash flow for the foreseeable future may adversely affect our ability to raise needed capital for our business on reasonable terms, diminish supplier or customer willingness to enter into transactions with us, and have other adverse effects that would decrease our long-term viability. There can be no assurance we will achieve positive cash flow in the foreseeable future. 
 Our corporate restructuring and the associated headcount reduction may not result in anticipated savings, could result in total costs and expenses that are greater than expected and could disrupt our business. 
 On March 27, 2023, our board of directors approved a restructuring plan to reduce structural costs, including our workforce. Pursuant to the plan, we expect to decrease overall headcount by approximately 170 employees, which represents approximately 23 of full-time employees as of March 28, 2023. The reduction in workforce is expected to be substantially implemented in March 2023. See Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more details on the restructuring. 
 We may not realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits, savings and improvements in our cost structure from our restructuring efforts due to unforeseen difficulties, delays or unexpected costs. If we are unable to realize the expected operational efficiencies and cost savings from the restructuring, our operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. Furthermore, our restructuring plan may be disruptive to our operations. For example, our headcount reductions could yield unanticipated consequences, such as increased difficulties in implementing our business strategy, including retention of our remaining employees. Employee litigation related to the headcount reduction could be costly and prevent management from fully concentrating on the business. 
 Any future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain and integrate additional employees. Due to our limited resources, we may not be able to effectively manage our operations or recruit and retain qualified personnel, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure and operations, risks that we may not be able to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, and loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. 
 Any significant disruption to our sole manufacturing production line or the failure of our facility to operate according to our expectation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations . 
 We currently manufacture our smart glass product on a single production line. While significant investment has been made, our second production line is currently incapable of producing our products and will require further capital investment to become operational. Any stoppages, malfunction, or destruction of our operational line could adversely affect our ability to meet customer demand, manufacture our products at cost and/or ramp production. In addition, we may experience delays in realizing our cost targets in the event that there is an increase in the cost of maintenance of the equipment, machinery and facility used in production. 
 Operational problems with our manufacturing equipment could result in the personal injury to or death of workers, the loss of production equipment, damage to manufacturing facilities, monetary losses, delays and unanticipated fluctuations in production. Safety incidents could damage machinery or products, slow or stop production, or harm employees. In addition, operational problems may result in environmental damage, administrative fines, increased insurance costs and potential legal liabilities. All of these operational problems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition or prospects. 
 Our corporate headquarters and production facility are located in seismically active regions. If major disasters such as earthquakes, fires or other events occur, or our information system or communications network breaks down or operates improperly, our headquarters and production facility may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 and shipment of our products. We may incur expenses relating to such damages, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Any issues or delays in meeting our projected manufacturing cost improvements and increased production capacity could adversely impact our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 
 Future events could result in issues or delays in further ramping our products and expanding production output at our existing and future production lines. In order to achieve our volume and the anticipated ramp in production of our products, we must continue to sustain and ramp significant production at our sole, existing production line. We are investing additional capital with respect to facility automation and completion of the second production line. If we are unable to maintain production at our Olive Branch facility, ramp output additionally over time as needed through the second production line, and do so cost-effectively, or if we are unable to attract, hire and retain a substantial number of highly skilled personnel, ours ability to supply our products could be negatively impacted, which could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 The timeframe for the completion of construction of our second production line is subject to a number of uncertainties, including regulatory licenses, supply chain constraints, hiring and retention of qualified employees, labor delays and competition for workers. Moreover, our second production line will require significant investments of cash and management resources. If we experience any issues or delays in meeting our projected timelines, costs, capital efficiency and production capacity for this second production line, or in securing and complying with the terms of financing that we intend will largely fund our construction, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. 
 COVID-19 and other public health crises could materially impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations . 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted health and economic conditions throughout the United States, including the construction industry. 
 The extent to which the pandemic could impact us continues to be highly uncertain and will depend largely on subsequent developments which we cannot predict at this time. 
 Although it is not possible to predict the ultimate impact of COVID-19, including on our business, we may be subject to significant risks, which have the potential to materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations, including the following: 
 reduced or delayed demand for our products in the markets that we serve around the world; 
 potential long-term effects on employer work-from-home policies and therefore demand for office space; 
 increased credit risk, including increased failure by business customers experiencing business disruptions to make timely payments; 
 a negative impact on our liquidity position, as well as increased costs and decreased ability to access funds under our existing or future credit facilities and the capital markets; 
 long-term tightening of the supply of capital in global financial markets (including, in the United States, a reduction in total tax equity availability), which could make it difficult for purchasers of our products or our development projects to secure the debt or equity capital necessary to finance our operations, thereby delaying or reducing demand for our products; 
 reduced availability and productivity of employees and third-party partner personnel; 
 recommendations or orders of governmental authorities that require us to curtail or cease business operations or activities, including manufacturing; 
 increased operational risks resulting from changes to operations and remote work arrangements, including the potential effects on internal controls and procedures, cybersecurity risks and increased vulnerability to security breaches, information technology disruptions and other similar events; 
 higher costs in certain areas such as transportation and distribution, as well as incremental costs associated with health screenings, temperature checks and enhanced cleaning and sanitation protocols to protect our employees and others; 
 delays and disruptions in the availability and timely delivery of materials and equipment used in our operations, as well as increased costs for such materials and equipment; 
 delays in the performance by third parties of activities related to the development of projects, such as engineering, procurement, construction, and other activities; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 delays in obtaining, or failing to obtain, the approvals or rights that are required for our development projects to proceed, such as permitting, interconnection, or land usage approvals or rights; 
 any further impairment in the value of tangible or intangible assets that could be recorded as a result of weaker or more volatile economic conditions; and 
 administrative proceedings, litigation or regulatory compliance matters. 
 With respect to the United States credit markets (in particular for middle market loans), the COVID-19 outbreak resulted in, the following, among other things: (i) increased draws by borrowers on revolving lines of credit; (ii) increased requests by borrowers for amendments and waivers of their credit agreements to avoid default, increased defaults by such borrowers and/or increased difficulty in obtaining refinancing at the maturity dates of their loans; (iii) volatility and disruption of these markets including greater volatility in pricing and spreads and difficulty in valuing loans during periods of increased volatility, and liquidity issues; and (iv) rapidly evolving proposals and/or actions by state and federal governments to address problems being experienced by the markets and by businesses and the economy in general which will not necessarily adequately address the problems facing the loan market and middle market businesses. Any future outbreaks could have, an adverse impact on the markets and the economy in general, which could have a material adverse impact on, among other things, the ability of lenders to originate loans, the volume and type of loans originated, and the volume and type of amendments and waivers granted to borrowers and remedial actions taken in the event of a borrower default, each of which could negatively impact the amount and quality of loans available for investment by View and returns to us and our subsidiary, View Smart Building Technology, Inc. View Canada ), among other things. The financial and economic market uncertainty could have a significant adverse impact on us and the fair value of our investments. These potential impacts, while uncertain, could adversely affect View Canada s operating results. 
 In addition, collateral for our loans may decline in value, which could cause loan losses to increase, and the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors could decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments to us. An increase in loan delinquencies and non-accruals or a decrease in loan collateral and guarantor net worth could result in increased costs and reduced income which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We will also be negatively affected if our operations and effectiveness or the operations and effectiveness of View Canada (or any of the key personnel or service providers of the foregoing) is compromised or if necessary or beneficial systems and processes are disrupted. 
 If current global market conditions continue or worsen, or if we cannot or do not maintain operations at a scope that is commensurate with such conditions or are later required to or choose to suspend such operations again, our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results could be materially harmed. 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. 
 The global economy has been negatively impacted by the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Furthermore, governments in the U.S., United Kingdom, and European Union have each imposed export controls on certain products and financial and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. Shortages in materials and increased costs for transportation, energy, and raw material, as well as uncertainty on overall consumer sentiment are some of the negative impacts of the Russia-Ukraine military conflict on the global economy. Further escalation of geopolitical tensions related to the military conflict, including increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, could result in, among other things, cyberattacks, supply disruptions, lower consumer demand, and changes to foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business. In addition, the effects of the ongoing conflict could heighten many of our known risks described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Suppliers and Third Parties 
 While we obtain components from multiple sources whenever possible, there are important components used in our products that are purchased from single source suppliers. Delivery of necessary components of our products by these and other suppliers according to our schedule and at prices, quality levels and volumes acceptable to us, or our inability to efficiently manage these components, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results . 
 Our products contain numerous purchased parts that we source from multiple direct suppliers. We attempt to mitigate our supply chain risk by entering into long-term agreements where it is practical and beneficial to do so. We also minimize our risk when we can qualify and obtain components from multiple sources, which we purchase from a variety of suppliers. However, any significant increases in our production may require us to procure additional components in a short amount of time, and in the past, we have also replaced certain suppliers because of their failure to provide components that met our quality control standards. While we believe that we will be able to secure additional or alternate sources of supply for most of our components in a relatively short time frame, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so or develop our own replacements for certain 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 highly customized components of our products. If we encounter unexpected difficulties with key suppliers and if we are unable to fill these needs from other suppliers, we could experience production delays and potential loss of access to important technology and parts for producing, servicing and supporting our products. 
 We obtain important components of our products from single source third-party suppliers. Should any such supplier cease to manufacture the products we purchase from them or become unable to timely deliver these products in accordance with our requirements or should such other suppliers of other components choose not to do business with us, we may be required to locate alternative suppliers in the open market. Any disruption in the supply of components or materials could temporarily disrupt research and development activities or production of our products until an alternative supplier is able to supply the required material. Replacing a supplier may require the expenditure of additional resources and time to redesign and resource these products. To the extent our suppliers experience any delays in providing or developing the necessary materials, we could experience delays in delivering on our timelines. This could result in loss of future revenue and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. Also, if components and materials were found to be defective, we might not be able to recover the costs associated with the recall, repair or replacement of such products, across our business customer base, and the diversion of personnel and other resources to address such issues could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 Furthermore, unexpected changes in business conditions, materials pricing, labor issues, wars, governmental changes, currency fluctuations, trade barriers, tariffs, shortages, natural disasters and other factors beyond our and our suppliers control, could also affect our suppliers ability to deliver components to us on a timely basis or significantly increase freight charges, raw material costs and other expenses associated with our business. The loss of a supplier or the disruption in the supply of components from these suppliers could lead to delays in product deliveries to our business customers, which could hurt our relationships with our business customers and result in negative publicity, damage to our brand and a material and adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 We may also experience cost increases from our suppliers in order to meet our quality targets and development timelines as well as due to our design changes, and we may experience similar cost increases in the future. We may not be able to control fluctuation in the prices for these materials or negotiate agreement with our suppliers on terms that are beneficial to us. Substantial increases in the prices for our raw materials or components would increase our operating costs and negatively impact our prospects. 
 There is no assurance that these suppliers will ultimately be able to meet our cost, quality and volume needs in a sustainable and timely manner, or at all. Furthermore, as the scale of our production increases, we will need to accurately forecast, purchase, warehouse and transport to our manufacturing facilities components at much higher volumes. If we are unable to accurately match the timing and quantities of component purchases to our actual needs, including for our different product variants, or successfully implement automation, inventory management and other systems to accommodate the increased complexity in our supply chain, we may incur unexpected production disruption, storage, transportation and write-off costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 
 Our financial condition may impair our ability to obtain credit terms with our suppliers. 
 Our supply contracts and purchase orders typically provide us with payment terms of at least 30 days. However, our financial condition may make it difficult for us to continue to receive payment terms of at least 30 days or may result in one or more of our suppliers making demand for adequate assurance, which could include a demand for payment-in-advance. If we are unable to obtain reasonable payment terms or if any of our material suppliers were to successfully demand payment-in-advance, it could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. 
 Failure by our component suppliers to use ethical business practices and comply with applicable laws and regulations may adversely affect our business . 
 We do not control our contract manufacturers or suppliers or their business practices. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that they follow ethical business practices such as fair wage practices and compliance with environmental, safety, and other local laws. A lack of demonstrated compliance could lead us to seek alternative manufacturers or suppliers, which could increase our costs and result in delayed delivery of our products, product shortages, or other disruptions of our operations. Violation of labor or other laws by our manufacturers or suppliers or the divergence of a supplier s labor or other practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the United States or other markets in which we do business could also attract negative publicity for us and harm our business. 
 Failure of our subcontractors to satisfy their obligations to us or other parties, or the inability to maintain these relationships, may adversely impact our business operations and financial results. 
 We depend on subcontractors in conducting our business. There is a risk that we may have disputes with our subcontractors arising from, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed and customer concerns. In addition, if any of our subcontractors fail to deliver on a timely basis, go out of business, or fail to perform on a project, our ability to fulfill our 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 obligations may be jeopardized and we may be contractually responsible for the work performed. The absence of qualified subcontractors with which we have a satisfactory relationship could adversely affect the quality of our service and our ability to perform under some of our contracts. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Future Performance 
 Our future operating and financial results are uncertain. 
 Prior growth rates in our revenue and other operating and our financial results should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Our future performance and operating results depend on, among other things: (i) our ability to renew and/or upgrade contracts with existing business customers and maintain business customer satisfaction with existing business customers; (ii) our ability to generate new business customers, including our ability to scale the number of new business customers generated through inside sales and other channels; (iii) our ability to increase the density of our business customer base for existing markets or continue to expand into new geographic markets; (iv) our ability to successfully develop and market new and innovative products and services; (v) the level of product, service and price competition; (vi) the degree of saturation in, and our ability to further penetrate, existing markets; (vii) our ability to manage growth, revenue, origination or acquisition costs of new business customers and attrition rates, the cost of servicing our existing business customers and general and administrative costs; and (viii) our ability to attract, train and retain qualified employees. If our future operating and financial results suffer as a result of any of the other reasons mentioned above, or any other reasons, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 Our historical financial results may not be indicative of what our actual financial position or results of operations will be . 
 We are a relatively new public company. Certain of our historical financial results included in this Annual Report do not reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows we would have achieved as a public company during the periods presented or those we will achieve in the future. Our financial condition and future results of operations could be materially different from amounts reflected in our historical financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, so it may be difficult for investors to compare our future results to historical results or to evaluate our relative performance or trends in our business. 
 As a privately held company, we were not required to comply with many corporate governance and financial reporting practices and policies required of a publicly traded company. As a result of the Business Combination, we are a public company with significant operations, and as such (and particularly since we are no longer an emerging growth company ), we face increased legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses as a public company that Legacy View did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including the requirements of Section 404, as well as rules and regulations implemented by the SEC, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the securities exchanges, impose additional reporting and other obligations on public companies. Compliance with public company requirements increases costs and makes certain activities more time-consuming. A number of those requirements require us to carry out activities we have not done previously. In addition, expenses associated with SEC reporting requirements have been and will be incurred. If any issues in complying with those requirements are identified (for example, if we identify a significant deficiency or additional material weaknesses in the internal control over financial reporting), we could incur additional costs to rectify those issues, and the existence of those issues could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions. In addition, we have purchased director and officer liability insurance, which has substantial additional premiums. Advocacy efforts by stockholders and third parties may also prompt additional changes in governance and reporting requirements, which could further increase costs. The additional reporting and other obligations associated with being a public company will increase legal and financial compliance costs and the costs of related legal, accounting and administrative activities. 
 If we are unable to establish and maintain confidence in our long-term business prospects among business customers, analysts and within our industries, then our financial condition, operating results, and business prospects may suffer materially. 
 Business customers may be less likely to purchase our products if they are not convinced that our business will succeed or that our service and support and other operations will continue in the long term. Similarly, suppliers and other third parties will be less likely to invest time and resources in developing business relationships with us if they are not convinced that our business will succeed. Accordingly, in order to build and maintain our business, we must maintain confidence among business customers, suppliers, analysts, ratings agencies and other parties in our long-term financial viability and business prospects. Maintaining such confidence may be complicated by certain factors, such as our limited operating history, negative press, business customer and supplier unfamiliarity with our products, any delays in scaling manufacturing, delivery and service operations to meet demand, competition and uncertainty regarding the future of smart glass or our other products and services, our quarterly production and sales performance compared with market expectations, and any other negative publicity related to us. Many of these factors are largely outside our control, and any negative perceptions about our long-term business prospects, even if exaggerated or unfounded, such as speculation regarding the sufficiency or stability of our management team, could harm our business and make it more difficult to raise additional funds if needed. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Our management has limited experience in operating a public company. 
 Our executive officers have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company. 
 Our management team may not successfully or effectively manage View as a public company that is now subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under federal securities laws. Their limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in that an increasing amount of their time has been devoted to these activities, which results in less time being devoted to the management and growth of View. We may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal controls over financial reporting required of public companies in the United States. The development and implementation of the standards and controls necessary for us to achieve the level of accounting standards required of a public company in the United States may require costs greater than expected. It is possible that we will be required to expand our employee base and hire additional employees to support our ongoing operations as a public company, which will increase our operating costs in future periods. 
 We have incurred and expect to continue to incur costs and demands upon our management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies in the United States. 
 As a public company listed in the United States, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including regulations implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq may increase legal and financial compliance costs and make certain regulatory or compliance activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses. Certain of our executive officers also have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company, which could be a significant disadvantage, as an increasing amount of our time may be devoted to regulatory and oversight activities and may result in less time being devoted to our management and growth. If, notwithstanding our efforts, we fail to comply with new laws, regulations and standards, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed. 
 Failure to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, on committees of our board of directors or as members of senior management. 
 We have incurred non-cash impairment charges on our goodwill and may incur non-cash impairment charges on our other intangible assets with indefinite lives as well as other long-lived assets and intangible assets with finite lives, which would negatively impact our operating results. 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the total purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives must be evaluated at least annually for impairment. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives must also be evaluated for impairment between the annual tests if an event or change in circumstance occurs that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount. Our annual impairment test for Goodwill was performed as of October 1, 2022. We performed additional procedures to carry forward our conclusions through December 31, 2022 due to the sustained decline in our share price. We recorded impairment of goodwill of the entire balance of 9.1 million as of December 31, 2022. As a result, as of December 31, 2022, we have no goodwill recorded. 
 Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, must be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. If such events arise, we compare the carrying amount of the asset group comprising the long-lived assets to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the estimated aggregate undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset group, an impairment charge is recorded as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds the fair value of the assets, as based on the expected discounted future cash flows attributable to those assets. 
 We regularly review our long-lived assets for triggering events or other circumstances that could indicate impairment. As of December 31, 2022, management considered the continued operating losses, when combined with the sustained decline in our market capitalization, to be a triggering event and therefore performed a quantitative impairment test of our long-lived assets as of December 31, 2022. Based on the results of this test, we concluded that the fair value of the asset group was substantially above its carrying value, and no impairment was recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 If the decline in our share price is sustained or we identify other events or circumstances indicating the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable, this would require further testing of these assets and it may result in an impairment of such assets, which would negatively impact our operating results. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Growth and Expansion 
 We face risks associated with our national and future global operations and expansion, including unfavorable regulatory, political, economic, tax and labor conditions, and with establishing ourselves in new markets, all of which could harm our business. 
 We currently have domestic operations in the United States and subsidiaries in India and Canada, and we plan to continue to expand and optimize our products domestically and internationally. Accordingly, we are subject to a variety of legal, political and regulatory requirements and social and economic conditions over which we have little control. For example, we may be impacted by trade policies, political uncertainty and economic cycles involving geographic regions where we have significant operations. 
 We may become subject to a number of risks associated in particular with international business activities that may increase our costs, impact our ability to sell our products and require significant management attention. These risks include conforming our products to various international regulatory and safety requirements, organizing local operating entities, difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing foreign operations, challenges in attracting business customers, foreign government taxes, regulations and permit requirements, our ability to enforce our contractual rights; trade restrictions, customs regulations, tariffs and price or exchange controls, and preferences of foreign nations for domestically manufactured products. 
 If we fail to scale our business operations and otherwise manage future growth and adapt to new conditions effectively as we rapidly grow, including internationally, we may not be able to produce, market, sell and service our products successfully. 
 Any failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage our expansion and growth successfully and to correctly forecast demand for our products in different markets, including with respect to reduced demand for commercial real estate resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. We may not be successful in undertaking this expansion if we are unable to control expenses and avoid cost overruns and other unexpected operating costs, establish sufficient nationwide and international service in a timely manner, adapt our products and conduct our operations to meet local requirements, implement required local infrastructure, systems and processes, and find and hire a significant number of additional manufacturing, engineering, service, construction and administrative personnel. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have invested over 400.0 million in capital expenditures, primarily in the Olive Branch manufacturing facility. We currently operate one production line and have partially completed the construction of a second production line at the Olive Branch facility. If we are unable to sufficiently manage our expansion and growth successfully to increase demand sufficiently to require the use of the second production line, we could result in impairment of the related property and equipment. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Markets and Competition 
 The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in these industries. We currently face competition from new and established national and international competitors and expect to face competition from others in the future, including competition from companies with new technology and greater financial resources. 
 The smart glass market is highly competitive today and we expect it will become even more so in the future. There is no assurance that our products will be successful in the respective markets in which they compete. Our current and potential competitors could, in the future, have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, product sales resources and networks than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the design, development, manufacturing, distribution, promotion, sale and support of their products. These competitors also may have greater access to business customers and may be able to establish cooperative or strategic relationships amongst themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources and competitive positioning. In addition, smart glass manufacturers may continue to reduce cost and expand supply of conventional glass and therefore reduce the prospects for our business or negatively impact the ability for us to sell our products at a market-competitive price and yet at sufficient margins. Increased competition could result in lower smart glass unit sales, price reductions, revenue shortfalls, loss of business customers and loss of market share, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 Developments in alternative smart glass or improvements in smart glass technology made by competitors may materially adversely affect the sales, pricing and gross margins of View Smart Glass. If a competing technology is developed that has superior operational or price performance, our business may be harmed. Similarly, if we fail to accurately predict and ensure that our smart glass technology can address business customers changing needs or emerging technological trends, or if our business customers fail to achieve the benefits expected from View Smart Glass products, our business may be harmed. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We must continue to commit significant resources, including financial resources we will need to raise from third party sources, to develop our smart glass technology in order to establish a competitive position, and these commitments will be made without knowing whether such investments will result in products potential business customers will accept. There is no assurance we will successfully raise additional capital, identify new consumer requirements, develop and bring our smart glass to market on a timely basis, or that products and technologies developed by others will not render View Smart Glass obsolete or noncompetitive, any of which would adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 If we are unable to attract and/or retain key employees and hire qualified personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed. 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain our executive officers and key technology, sales, marketing, research and development, engineering, manufacturing and support personnel, and our operations may be severely disrupted if we lost their services. As we build our brand and become more well known, there is increased risk that competitors or other companies will seek to hire our personnel. None of our employees are bound by a non-competition agreement. The failure to attract, integrate, train, motivate and retain these personnel could seriously harm our business and prospects. 
 The loss of the services of any of our key employees or executive officers could disrupt our operations, delay the development and introduction of our products and services, and negatively impact our business, prospects and operating results. In addition, we are highly dependent on the services of Rao Mulpuri, our Chief Executive Officer, and other senior technical and management personnel, including our executive officers, who would be difficult to replace. If Dr. Mulpuri or other key personnel were to depart, we may not be able to successfully attract and retain senior leadership necessary to operate our business. 
 Furthermore, replacing executive officers and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop, sell and service our products. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous smart glass companies for similar personnel. 
 Although we have employment agreements with our key employees, these employment agreements provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. Our continued success depends upon our continued ability to hire new employees in a timely manner, especially to support our high-volume manufacture of products and expansion plans, and to retain current employees or replace departed senior employees with qualified and experienced individuals, which is typically a time-consuming process, and any failure or delay in doing so could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 Key talent may leave us due to various factors, such as a competitive labor market for talented individuals with business or technology experience, or negative publicity related to View. This competition affects both our ability to retain key employees and hire new ones. Moreover, we have in the past conducted reductions in force in order to optimize our organizational structure and reduce costs, and certain senior personnel have also departed for various reasons. Additionally, we compete with both mature and prosperous companies that have far greater financial resources than we do and start-ups and emerging companies that promise short-term growth opportunities. Difficulties in retaining current employees or recruiting new ones could have an adverse effect on our performance and results. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Supply, Demand and Production 
 We may be unable to meet our growing production demand, product sales, delivery plans and servicing needs, or accurately project and manage this growth nationwide or internationally, which could harm our business and prospects. 
 We may experience delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch, and production ramp of our products, including View Smart Glass or may not realize our manufacturing cost targets, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our manufacturing facility may require significant cash investments and management resources for these plans, and we may not meet our expectations with respect to additional sales of our products. In addition, we may introduce new manufacturing technologies, techniques and processes. There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully and timely introduce and scale any such new processes or features. 
 Our production plans for our products are based on many key assumptions, including: 
 Ability to raise additional capital; 
 Ability to utilize manufacturing capacity to achieve the planned production yield. We assume that we will be able to sustain and further expand our high-volume production and our products at the Olive Branch facility, including with the introduction of new product features, without exceeding our projected costs and on our projected timeline; 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Ability to maintain our desired quality levels and optimize design and production changes. We assume that the equipment and processes which we have selected for production will be able to accurately manufacture high volumes of the different variants of our products within specified design tolerances and with high quality; 
 Suppliers ability to support our needs. We assume that we will be able to maintain suppliers for the necessary components on terms and conditions that are acceptable to us and that we will be able to obtain high-quality components on a timely basis and in the necessary quantities to support high-volume production; and 
 Ability to hire and retain skilled employees. We assume that we will be able to attract, recruit, hire, train and retain skilled employees to operate our planned high-volume production facilities to support our products, including at the Olive Branch facility. 
 If one or more of the foregoing assumptions turns out to be incorrect, our ability to meet our projections, including for production, on time and at volumes and prices that are profitable, the demand for and deliveries of our products, as well as our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition, may be materially and adversely impacted. 
 Concurrent with developing, launching and ramping our products, our success will depend on our ability to continue to significantly increase our sales, deliveries, and servicing, while allocating our available resources among multiple products simultaneously. We are the sole service provider of our products, providing internet connectivity of products and servicing warranty. Although we have a plan for selling and delivering increased volumes of our products, we have limited experience developing, manufacturing, selling, servicing and allocating our available resources at the scale to which we expect to grow. If we are unable to realize our plans, our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially damaged. 
 We continuously evaluate, and as appropriate evolve, our operations and product offerings in order to maximize our reach and optimize our costs. However, there is no guarantee that each step in our evolving strategy will be perceived as intended by developers, tenants, and the construction industry. Likewise, as we develop and grow our products and services in North America, and possibly worldwide, our success will depend on our ability to correctly forecast demand in different markets. 
 We may also face difficulties meeting our sales and delivery goals in both existing markets as well as new markets into which we expand. There is no assurance that we will be able to ramp our business to meet our sales and delivery targets in North America or even globally, or that our projections on which such targets are based will prove accurate. This ongoing expansion in North America and potentially internationally, which includes planned entry into markets in which we have limited or no experience selling, delivering, and servicing our products at scale, and which may pose legal, regulatory, labor, cultural and political challenges that we have not previously encountered, may not have the desired effect of increasing sales and expanding our brand presence to the degree we are anticipating. Moreover, we may not be successful in managing our national and future international operations if we are unable to avoid cost overruns and other unexpected operating costs, adapt our products and conduct our operations to meet local requirements and regulations, implement required local infrastructure, systems and processes, and find and hire as needed additional sales, service, construction and administrative personnel. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we could result in negative publicity and damage to our brand and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 We rely on complex machinery for our operations, and production involves a significant degree of risk and uncertainty in terms of operational performance and costs. 
 We rely heavily on complex machinery for our operations and production of our products. Such machinery suffers unexpected malfunctions from time to time and requires repairs and spare parts to resume operations, which may not be available when needed. Unexpected malfunctions of our production equipment may significantly affect intended operational efficiency. In addition, the operational performance and costs associated with this equipment can be difficult to predict and may be influenced by factors outside of our control, such as, but not limited to, failures by suppliers to deliver necessary machinery components in a timely manner and at prices and volumes acceptable to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our operational performance, cash flows, financial condition or prospects. 
 Catastrophic events may disrupt our business. 
 Unforeseen events, or the prospect of such events, including war, terrorism and other international conflicts, public health issues including health epidemics or pandemics and natural disasters such as fire, hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados or other adverse weather and climate conditions, whether occurring in the United States, Canada or elsewhere, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of suppliers or business customers or result in political or economic instability. These types of events outside of our control could adversely affect our operating results. We cannot assure that any backup systems will be adequate to protect it from the effects of fire, floods, typhoons, earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins, war, riots, terrorist attacks or similar events. Any of the foregoing events may give rise to interruptions, breakdowns, system failures, technology platform failures or internet failures, which could cause the loss or corruption of data or malfunctions of software or hardware as well as adversely affect our ability to manufacture products and provide services. These events could 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 reduce demand for our products and services, make it difficult or impossible to receive equipment from suppliers or impair our ability to deliver products and services to business customers on a timely basis. Any such disruption could damage our reputation and cause business customer attrition. We could be subject to claims or litigation with respect to losses caused by such disruptions. Our insurance may not cover a particular event at all or may not be sufficient to fully cover our losses. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Quality of Products 
 If our products fail to perform as expected our ability to develop, market and sell our products and services could be harmed. 
 If our products contain defects in design and manufacture that cause them not to perform as expected or that require repair, or certain features of our products take longer than expected to become enabled or are legally restricted, our ability to develop, sell, and service our products could be harmed. Although we attempt to remedy any issues we observe in our products as effectively and rapidly as possible, such efforts may not be timely, may hamper production or may not be to the satisfaction of our business customers. While we performed extensive internal testing on the products we manufacture, we currently have a limited frame of reference by which to evaluate detailed long-term quality, reliability, durability and performance characteristics of our products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in our products prior to their sale to business customers. 
 Our inability to provide products or services in a timely manner, legal restrictions on product features, or defects in our products or services, including products and services of third parties that we incorporate into our offerings, could adversely affect our reputation, result in delivery delays, product recalls, product liability claims, and significant warranty and other expenses, and subject us to claims or litigation. In addition, our inability to meet business customers expectations with respect to our products or services could increase attrition rates or affect our ability to generate new business customers and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flow or results of operations. 
 We may choose to or be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other similar actions, which could adversely affect our brand image and financial performance. 
 Any product recall with respect to our products may result in adverse publicity, damage our brand and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. In the future, we may at various times, voluntarily or involuntarily, initiate a recall if any of our products prove to be defective or noncompliant with applicable laws and regulations. Such recalls, whether voluntary or involuntary or caused by systems or components engineered or manufactured by us or our suppliers, could involve significant expense and could adversely affect our brand image in our target markets, as well as our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In fiscal year 2019, we identified a quality issue with certain material purchased from one of our suppliers utilized in the manufacturing of certain IGUs. We stopped using the affected materials upon identification of the quality issue in 2019. We have replaced and expects to continue to replace the affected IGUs for the remainder of the period covered by the warranty. We developed a statistical model to analyze the risk of failure of the affected IGUs related to this quality issue and predict the potential number of future failures that may occur during the remaining warranty period, as well as the timing of the expected failures. The statistical model considered the volume of units sold, the volume of unit failures, data patterns, and other characteristics associated with the failed IGUs as well as the IGUs that had not yet failed as of each financial reporting period. These characteristics include, but are not limited to, time to failure, manufacture date, location of installation, and environmental factors. Based on this analysis, we have recorded a specific warranty liability using the estimated number of affected IGUs expected to fail in the remaining warranty period and applying estimated costs we expect to incur to replace the IGUs based on warranty contractual terms and business practices. The total warranty liability included 30.8 million and 36.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to these IGUs. It is reasonably possible that the amount of costs to be incurred to replace the defective IGUs could be materially different from the estimate. Considering the uncertainty inherent in the failure analysis, including the actual timing of the failures and the number of defective IGUs, as well as uncertainty regarding future supply chain costs and production volumes that may impact the projected costs to replace defective IGUs in future years, it is reasonably possible that the amount of costs to be incurred to replace the defective IGUs could ultimately be materially different from the estimate. Unforeseen component failures or exceptional component performance can also result in changes to warranty costs. If actual warranty costs differ substantially from our estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would be required, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Technology 
 We must successfully maintain and upgrade our information technology systems. 
 We rely on various information technology systems to manage our operations, including general, non-proprietary information technology systems in our facility and proprietary information technology systems in our products. As necessary, we implement modifications and upgrades to these systems, and replaces certain of our legacy systems with successor systems with new functionality. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The technology and capital equipment we employ may become old or obsolete, which could require significant capital expenditures for upkeep and upgrade over time. Our products and services interact with the hardware and software technology of systems and devices located at our business customers property. We may be required to implement new technologies or adapt existing technologies in response to changing market conditions, business customer preferences, industry standards or inability to secure necessary intellectual property licenses, which could require significant capital expenditures. Our inability to adapt to changing technologies, market conditions or subscriber preferences in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 There are inherent costs and risks associated with modifying or changing these systems and implementing new systems, including potential disruption of our internal control structure, substantial capital expenditures, additional administration and operating expenses, retention of sufficiently skilled personnel to implement and operate the new systems, demands on management time and other risks and costs of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems or of integrating new systems into our current systems. While management seeks to identify and remediate issues, we can provide no assurance that our identification and remediation efforts will be successful or that we will not encounter additional issues as we complete the implementation of these and other systems. In addition, our information technology system implementations may not result in productivity improvements at a level that outweighs the costs of implementation, or at all. The implementation of new information technology systems may also cause disruptions in our business operations and have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and operations. 
 We rely on certain third-party providers of licensed software and services integral to the operations of our business. 
 Certain aspects of the operation of our business may depend on third-party software and service providers. With regard to licensed software technology, we may become dependent upon the ability of third parties to maintain, enhance or develop our software and services on a timely and cost-effective basis, to meet industry technological standards and innovations to deliver software and services that are free of defects or security vulnerabilities, and to ensure their software and services are free from disruptions or interruptions. Further, these third-party services and software licenses may not always be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 If the third-party software or services become obsolete, fail to function properly, are incompatible with future versions of our products or services, or are defective or otherwise fail to address our needs, there is no assurance that we would be able to replace the functionality provided by any future third-party software or services with software or services from alternative providers. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Intellectual Property 
 Our patent applications may not result in issued patents or our patent rights may be contested, circumvented, invalidated or limited in scope, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from interfering with our commercialization of our products . 
 Our patent applications may not result in issued patents, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from commercially exploiting products similar to ours. The status of patents involves complex legal and factual questions and the breadth of claims allowed is uncertain. As a result, we cannot be certain that the patent applications that we file will result in patents being issued, or that our patents and any patents that may be issued to us will afford protection against competitors with similar technology. Numerous patents and pending patent applications owned by others exist in the fields in which we have developed and are developing our technology. In addition to those who may claim priority, any of our existing or pending patents may also be challenged by others on the basis that they are otherwise invalid or unenforceable. Furthermore, patent applications filed in foreign countries are subject to laws, rules and procedures that differ from those of the United States, and thus we cannot be certain that foreign patent applications related to issued United States patents will be issued. 
 Even if our patent applications succeed and we are issued patents in accordance with them, we are still uncertain whether these patents will be contested, circumvented, invalidated or limited in scope in the future. The rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with meaningful protection or competitive advantages, and some foreign countries provide significantly less effective patent enforcement than in the United States. In addition, the claims under any patents that issue from our patent applications may not be broad enough to prevent others from developing technologies that are similar or that achieve results similar to ours. The intellectual property rights of others could also bar us from licensing and exploiting any patents that issue from our pending applications. In addition, patents issued to us may be infringed upon or designed around by others and others may obtain patents that we need to license or design around, either of which would increase costs and may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 We may need to defend ourselves against and may face liability in respect of claims for infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others, which may be time-consuming and could cause us to incur substantial costs and/or materially impact our ability to operate . 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, we may need to take legal action to enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement, misappropriation or invalidity. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Others, including our competitors, may hold or obtain patents, copyrights, trademarks or other proprietary rights that could prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use, develop, or sell our products and services, which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. We may receive inquiries from holders of patents or trademarks inquiring whether we are infringing their proprietary rights and/or seek court declarations that they do not infringe upon our intellectual property rights. 
 We may consider the entering into licensing agreements with respect to such rights, although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur, and such licenses could significantly increase our operating expenses. Companies holding patents or other intellectual property rights relating to smart glass may bring suits alleging infringement of such rights or otherwise asserting their rights and seeking licenses. In addition, if we are determined to have infringed upon a third party s intellectual property rights, we may be required to cease making, selling or incorporating certain components or intellectual property into the goods and services we offer, to pay substantial damages and/or license royalties, obtain a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right, which license may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, to redesign our products and services, and/or to establish and maintain alternative branding for our products and services. In the event that we were required to take one or more such actions, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and diversion of resources and management attention. 
 We cannot be certain that our products and services or those of third parties that we incorporate into our products do not and will not infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Many of our competitors and others may now and in the future have significantly larger or more mature patent portfolios than we have. We have been in the past, and may be in the future, subject to claims based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of the intellectual property rights of others, including litigation brought by competitors, potential competitors or special purpose or so-called non-practicing entities that focus solely on extracting royalties and settlements by enforcing intellectual property rights and against whom our patents may therefore provide little or no deterrence or protection. 
 Regardless of their merits, intellectual property claims divert the attention of our personnel and are often time-consuming and expensive. In addition, to the extent claims against us are successful, we may have to pay substantial monetary damages (including, for example, treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents and increased statutory damages if we are found to have willfully infringed copyrights) or discontinue or modify certain products or services that are found to infringe another party s rights or enter into licensing agreements with costly royalty payments. Defending against claims of infringement, misappropriation or other violations or being deemed to be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others could impair our ability to innovate, develop, distribute and sell our current and planned products and services. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by the discovery process. We have in the past and will continue in the future to seek one or more licenses to continue offering certain products or services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. Although claims of this kind have not materially affected our business to date, there can be no assurance material claims will not arise in the future. 
 In some cases, we indemnify certain parties against claims that our products infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third parties. Such claims could arise out of our indemnification obligation with our partners and business customers, whom we typically indemnify against such claims. Conversely, we may seek indemnification from our licensors under our license contracts with them. However, our rights to indemnification may be unavailable or insufficient to cover our costs and losses, depending on our use of the technology, whether we choose to retain control over conduct of the litigation, and other factors. 
 Although third parties may offer a license to their technology or other intellectual property, the terms of any offered license may not be acceptable, and the failure to obtain a license or the costs associated with any license could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to be materially and adversely affected. In addition, some licenses may be non-exclusive, and therefore our competitors may have access to the same technology licensed to us. If a third party does not offer us a license to our technology or other intellectual property on reasonable terms, or at all, we could be enjoined from continued use of such intellectual property. As a result, we may be required to develop alternative, non-infringing technology, which could require significant time (during which we could be unable to continue to offer our affected products, subscriptions or services), effort, and expense and may ultimately not be successful. Furthermore, a successful claimant could secure a judgment, or we may agree to a settlement that prevents us from distributing certain products, providing certain subscriptions or performing certain services or that requires us to pay substantial damages, royalties or other fees. Any of these events could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 We may need to acquire intellectual property that if we are unable to obtain, or if we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, we could be competitively disadvantaged . 
 Our intellectual property, including our patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other proprietary rights, constitutes a significant part of our value. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary technology, brands and other intellectual property against dilution, infringement, misappropriation and competitive pressure. To protect our proprietary technology, we rely on a combination of patent, copyright and trade secret laws of the United States, Canada and other countries, a combination of confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions and other methods, all of which offer only limited protection. In addition, we may be required to acquire rights to intellectual property necessary for our operations in the future. However, there can be no assurance that these measures will be successful in any given case, particularly in those countries where the laws do not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. We may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could harm our business and competitive position. 
 We own a portfolio of issued United States and foreign patents and pending United States and foreign patent applications that relate to a variety of technologies utilized in our business. We may file additional patent applications in the future in the United States and internationally. The process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner all the way through to the successful issuance of a patent. We may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations and may choose not to pursue patent protection in certain jurisdictions. In addition, issuance of a patent does not guarantee that we have an absolute right to practice the patented invention. 
 Patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws vary significantly throughout the world. A number of foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Therefore, our intellectual property rights may not be as strong or as easily enforced outside of the United States and efforts to protect against the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, technology and other proprietary rights may be more expensive and difficult outside of the United States. Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could result in our competitors using our intellectual property to offer products, potentially resulting in the loss of some of our competitive advantage and a decrease in our revenue which, would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 If we are unable to acquire the intellectual property rights we may require in the future or to adequately protect or assert our intellectual property rights, competitors may dilute our brands, manufacture and market similar products and services or convert our business customers, which could adversely affect our market share and results of operations. We may not receive patents or trademarks for all of our pending patent and trademark applications, and existing or future patents may not provide competitive advantages for our products and services. Furthermore, it is possible that the scope of our issued patents will be insufficient or not have the coverage originally sought, or that our issued patents will not provide us with any competitive advantages. Our competitors may challenge, invalidate or avoid the application of our existing or future intellectual property rights that we obtain. In addition, patent rights may not prevent our competitors from developing, using or selling products or services that are similar to or address the same market as our products and services. The loss of protection for our intellectual property rights could reduce the market value of our brands and our products and services, reduce new business customer originations or sales upgrades to existing business customers, lower our profits, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 Our policy is to require our employees that were hired to develop material intellectual property included in our products to execute written agreements in which they assign to us their rights in intellectual property created within the scope of their employment (or, with respect to consultants and service providers, their engagement to develop such intellectual property), but we cannot assure you that we has adequately protected our rights in every such agreement or that we have executed an agreement with every such party. Finally, in order to benefit from the protection of patents and other intellectual property rights, we must monitor and detect infringement, misappropriation or other violations of our intellectual property rights and pursue infringement, misappropriation or other claims in certain circumstances in relevant jurisdictions. Monitoring unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and costly, and the steps we have taken or will take to prevent misappropriation may not be sufficient. As a result, we may not be able to obtain adequate protection or to effectively enforce our issued patents or other intellectual property rights. Any enforcement efforts we undertake, including litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive and could divert management s attention, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, existing intellectual property laws and contractual remedies may afford less protection than needed to safeguard our intellectual property portfolio. 
 Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technologies and our intellectual property rights, unauthorized parties, including our employees, consultants, service providers or business customers, may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use our trade secrets or other confidential information. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties that have access to our material confidential information, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information and proprietary technology through certain procedural safeguards. In addition, we seek to protect our intellectual property rights through nondisclosure and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants, 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 and through non-disclosure agreements with business partners and other third parties. These agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual property or technology, could be breached or otherwise may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and know-how related to the design, manufacture or operation of our products and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. We cannot assure you that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation or infringement of our intellectual property rights. Competitors may independently develop technologies or products that are substantially equivalent or superior to our solutions or that inappropriately incorporate our proprietary technology, or they may hire our former employees who may misappropriate our proprietary technology or misuse our confidential information. In addition, if we expand the geography of our service offerings, the laws of some foreign countries where we may do business in the future may not protect intellectual property rights and technology to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and these countries may not enforce these laws as diligently as government agencies and private parties in the United States. 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property and technology, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the additional expense, time and effort required to create the innovative products that have enabled us to be successful to date. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Privacy and Security 
 We are continuously expanding and improving our information technology systems and security measures designed to protect our systems against breaches and cyber-attacks. If these efforts are not successful, our business and operations could be disrupted, and our operating results and reputation could be harmed. 
 We are continuously expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. In particular, our volume production of multiple products necessitates continued development, maintenance and improvement of our information technology systems in the United States and other locations abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems. We also maintain information technology measures designed to protect us against intellectual property theft, data breaches and other cyber-attacks. The implementation, maintenance and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, sell, and deliver products, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. 
 We cannot be sure that these systems or their required functionality will be effectively implemented, maintained or expanded as planned. If we do not successfully implement, maintain or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired, and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. Moreover, our proprietary information could be compromised or misappropriated, and our reputation may be adversely affected. If these systems or their functionality do not operate as we expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these functions. 
 Any unauthorized breach, control or manipulation of our products systems could result in loss of confidence in us and our products and harm our business. 
 Our products contain complex information technology systems. We have designed, implemented and tested security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks, our products and their systems. However, hackers may attempt to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter and use such networks, products and systems to gain control of, or to change, our products functionality, user interface and performance characteristics, or to gain access to data stored in or generated by our products. We encourage reporting of potential vulnerabilities in the security of our products via our security vulnerability reporting policy, and we aim to remedy any reported and verified vulnerability. However, there can be no assurance that vulnerabilities will not be exploited in the future before they can be identified, or that our remediation efforts are or will be successful. 
 Any unauthorized access to or control of our products or our systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims or proceedings. In addition, regardless of our veracity, reports of unauthorized access to our products, our systems or data, as well as other factors that may result in the perception that our products, our systems or data are capable of being hacked, could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 If our security controls are breached or unauthorized or inadvertent access to business customers information or other data are otherwise obtained, our services may be perceived as insecure, we may lose existing business customers or fail to attract new business customers, our business may be harmed, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Our future products may involve the collection, storage, transmission and processing of personal, payment, credit and other confidential and private information of our business customers and may in certain cases permit access to our business customers property or help secure them. Such future products that may present privacy and data risks may be subject to privacy and data protection laws and regulations. We also maintain and processes other confidential and proprietary information in our business, including our employees and contractors personal information and confidential business information. We rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to protect against unauthorized use or access of the information we process and maintain. Our services and the networks and information systems we utilize in our business are at risk for breaches as a result of third-party action, employee, vendor or partner error, malfeasance, or other factors. For example, we may experience instances of our employees, contractors and other third parties improperly accessing ours and/or our business customers systems and information in violation of our internal policies and procedures. 
 Criminals and other nefarious actors may use increasingly sophisticated methods, including cyberattacks, phishing, social engineering and other illicit acts to capture, access or alter various types of information, to engage in illegal activities such as fraud and identity theft, and to expose and exploit potential security and privacy vulnerabilities in corporate systems and websites. Unauthorized intrusion into the portions of our systems and networks and data storage devices that process and store business customers confidential and private information, the loss of such information or the deployment of malware or other harmful code to our services or our networks or systems may result in negative consequences, including the actual or alleged malfunction of our products or services. In addition, third parties, including our partners and vendors, could also be sources of security risks to us in the event of a failure of their own security systems and infrastructure. The threats we face continue to evolve and are difficult to predict due to advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography and new and sophisticated methods used by criminals. There can be no assurances that our defensive measures will prevent cyber-attacks or that we will discover network or system intrusions or other breaches on a timely basis or at all. We cannot be certain that we will not suffer a compromise or breach of the technology protecting the systems or networks that house or access our products and services or on which we or our partners or vendors process or store personal information or other sensitive information or data, or that any such incident will not be believed or reported to have occurred. Any such actual or perceived compromises or breaches to systems, or unauthorized access to, or acquisition or loss of, data, whether suffered by us, our partners or vendors or other third parties, whether as a result of employee error or malfeasance or otherwise, could harm our business. They could, for example, cause interruptions in operations, loss of data, loss of confidence in our services and products and damage to our reputation and could limit the adoption of our services and products. They could also subject us to costs, regulatory investigations and orders, litigation, contract damages, indemnity demands and other liabilities and materially and adversely affect our business customer base, sales, revenue and profits. Any of these could, in turn, have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 Further, if a high-profile security breach occurs with respect to another provider of smart glass, our existing and potential business customers may lose trust in the security of our services or in smart glass generally, which could adversely impact our ability to retain existing business customers or attract new ones. Even in the absence of any security breach, business customers concerns about security, privacy or data protection may deter them from using our service. Our insurance policies covering errors and omissions and certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses may not be sufficient to compensate for all potential liability. Although we maintain cyber liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Regulations 
 Our products and our website, systems, and data we maintain may be subject to intentional disruption, other security incidents, or alleged violations of laws, regulations, or other obligations relating to data handling that could result in liability and adversely impact our reputation and future sales . 
 We may face significant challenges with respect to information security and maintaining the security and integrity of our systems and other systems used in our business, as well as with respect to the data stored on or processed by these systems. Advances in technology, an increased level of sophistication, and an increased level of expertise of hackers, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or others can result in a compromise or breach of the systems used in our business or of security measures used in our business to protect confidential information, personal information, and other data. 
 The availability and effectiveness of our products, and our ability to conduct our business and operations, depend on the continued operation of information technology and communications systems, some of which we have yet to develop or otherwise obtain the ability to use. Systems used in our business, including data centers and other information technology systems, will be vulnerable to damage or interruption. Such systems could also be subject to break-ins, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism, as well as disruptions and security incidents as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent acts or omissions by employees, service providers, or others. We anticipate using outsourced service providers to help provide certain services, and any such outsourced service providers face similar security and system disruption risks as we do. Some of the systems used in our business will not be fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 all eventualities. Any data security incidents or other disruptions to any data centers or other systems used in our business could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. 
 Our products and services are subject to substantial regulations, which are evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could substantially harm our business and operating results . 
 Smart glass is subject to substantial regulation under international, federal, state and local laws. We incur significant costs in complying with these regulations and may be required to incur additional costs to comply with any changes to such regulations, and any failures to comply could result in significant expenses, delays or fines. We may become subject to laws and regulations applicable to the supply, manufacture, import, sale and service of smart internationally. For example, in countries outside of the United States, we may be required to meet standards relating to safety that are often materially different from requirements in the United States, thus resulting in additional investment into the products and systems to ensure regulatory compliance in those countries. This process may include official review and certification of our products by foreign regulatory agencies prior to market entry, as well as compliance with foreign reporting and recall management systems requirements. 
 We are subject to various government regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us and negatively impact our ability to operate our manufacturing facility . 
 As a manufacturing company, including with respect to our facility in Olive Branch, Mississippi, we are and will be subject to complex environmental, manufacturing, health and safety laws and regulations, including laws relating to the use, handling, storage, recycling, disposal and human exposure to hazardous materials. The costs of compliance, including remediating contamination, if any is found on our properties and any changes to our operations mandated by new or amended laws, may be significant. We may also face unexpected delays in obtaining permits and approvals required by such laws in connection with our manufacturing facility, which would hinder our operation of this and future facilities. Such costs and delays may adversely impact our business prospects and operating results. Furthermore, any violations of these laws may result in substantial fines and penalties, remediation costs, third party damages, or a suspension or cessation of our operations. We may also be subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, financial and economic sanctions and similar laws, for instance, in connection with our sales to airports. Non-compliance with such laws can subject us to administrative, civil and criminal fines and penalties, collateral consequences, remedial measures and legal expenses, all of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 
 There may be laws in jurisdictions we have not yet entered or laws we are unaware of in jurisdictions we have entered that may restrict our sales or other business practices. The laws in this area can be complex, difficult to interpret and may change over time. Continued regulatory limitations and other obstacles that may interfere with our ability to commercialize our products could have a negative and material impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Many of our products must comply with local building codes and ordinances, and failure of our products to comply with such codes and ordinances may have an adverse effect on our business . 
 Many of our products must comply with local building codes and ordinances. Building codes may also affect the products our customers are allowed to use, and, consequently, changes in building codes may also affect the sale of our products. These codes and ordinances are subject to future government review and interpretation. If our products fail to comply with such local building codes or ordinances, our ability to market and sell such products would be impaired. Also, should these codes and ordinances be amended or expanded, or should new laws and regulations be enacted, we could incur additional costs or become subject to requirements or restrictions that require us to modify our products or adversely affect our ability to market and sell our products. If our products do not adequately or quickly adapt to building standards, we may lose market share to competitors, which would adversely affect our business, results of operation, financial condition, and cash flows. Furthermore, failure of our products to comply with such codes or ordinances could subject us to negative publicity or damage our reputation. 
 Compliance with the regulations of the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA can be costly, and non-compliance with such requirements may result in potentially significant monetary penalties, operational delays, negative publicity and adverse effect on our financial condition . 
 Our operations are subject to regulation under OSHA and other state and local laws and regulations. OSHA establishes certain employer responsibilities, including maintenance of a workplace free of recognized hazards likely to cause death or serious injury, compliance with standards promulgated by the applicable regulatory authorities and various recordkeeping, disclosure and procedural requirements. Changes to OSHA requirements, or stricter interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or regulations, could result in increased costs. If we fail to comply with applicable OSHA regulations, even if no work-related serious injury or death occurs, we may be subject to civil or criminal enforcement and be required to pay substantial penalties, incur significant capital expenditures or suspend or limit operations. Any such accidents, citations, violations, injuries or failure to comply with industry best practices may subject us to adverse publicity, damage our reputation and competitive position and adversely affect our business. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 We will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the ordinary course of business in complying with OSHA and other state, local and foreign laws and regulations. While we will continue to invest substantial resources in worker health and safety programs, there can be no assurance that we will avoid significant liability exposure. Personal injury claims for damages, including for bodily injury or loss of life, could result in substantial costs and liabilities, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, if our safety record was to substantially deteriorate, or if we suffered substantial penalties or criminal prosecution for violation of health and safety regulations, business customers could cancel existing contracts and not award future business to us, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity, cash flows and results of operations. 
 We are subject to labor and employment laws and regulations, which could increase our costs and restrict our operations in the future . 
 Our business is subject to a variety of employment laws and regulations and may become subject to additional requirements in the future. Although we believe we are in material compliance with applicable employment laws and regulations, in the event of a change in requirements, we may be required to modify our operations or to utilize resources to maintain compliance with such laws and regulations. Moreover, we have been and may in the future be subject to various employment-related claims, such as individual or class actions or government enforcement actions relating to alleged employment discrimination, employee classification and related withholding, wage-hour disputes, labor standards or healthcare and benefit issues. Our failure to comply with applicable employment laws and regulations and related legal actions against us may affect our ability to compete or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 Failure to comply with various privacy and data protection laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection and information security to which we are subject could harm us . 
 Our products may process, transmit and store personal, payment and other confidential and private information of our business customers, thus posing a privacy and data risk in the future. Our privacy policy is posted on our website, and any failure by it or other partners to comply with it or with federal, state or international privacy, data protection or security laws or regulations could result in regulatory or litigation-related actions against us, legal liability, fines, damages and other costs. Substantial expenses and operational changes may be required in connection with maintaining compliance with such laws, and in particular certain emerging privacy laws are still subject to a high degree of uncertainty as to their interpretation and application. Although we take steps to protect the security of our business customers personal information, we may be required to expend significant resources to comply with data breach requirements if third parties improperly obtain and use the personal information of our business customers or it otherwise experiences a data loss with respect to business customers personal information. A major breach of our network security and systems could have negative consequences for our business and future prospects, including possible fines, penalties and damages, reduced demand for our products and harm to our reputation and brand. 
 Our collection, retention, transfer and use of this information may be governed by United States and foreign laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and information security, industry standards and protocols, or we may be asserted that such industry standards or protocols apply to us. The regulatory framework for privacy and information security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. In North America, federal and various state and provincial governmental bodies and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations limiting, or laws and regulations regarding the collection, distribution, use, disclosure, storage, and security of certain categories of information. Some of these requirements include obligations of companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving particular personal information, which could result from exploitation of a vulnerability in our systems or services, or breaches experienced by our service providers and/or partners. For example, the State of California enacted the California Consumer Privacy ACT CCPA ), effective in January 2020. The CCPA expands the scope of what is considered personal information and creates new data access and opt-out rights for consumers, which may create new requirements for us and other companies that operate in California. 
 Many jurisdictions have established their own data security and privacy legal and regulatory frameworks with which we, or our vendors or partners, must comply to the extent our operations expand into these geographies or the laws and regulations in these frameworks otherwise may be interpreted to apply to us. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and security of data that identifies or may be used to identify or locate an individual, such as names, email addresses and, in some jurisdictions, internet protocol addresses. We are also bound by contractual requirements relating to privacy, data protection and information security, and may agree to additional contractual requirements addressing these matters from time to time. 
 Our compliance with these various requirements increases our operating costs, and additional laws, regulations, standards or protocols (or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations, standards or protocols) in these areas may further increase our operating costs and adversely affect our ability to effectively market our products and services. In view of new or modified legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection or information security, or any changes in their interpretation, we may find 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 it necessary or desirable to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or to expend significant resources to modify our products and services and otherwise adapt to these changes. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and our ability to develop new services and features could be limited. 
 Further, our failure or perceived failure to comply with any of these laws, regulations, standards, protocols or other obligations could result in a loss of business customers data, fines, sanctions and other liabilities and additional restrictions on our collection, transfer or use of business customers data. In addition, our failure to comply with any of these laws, regulations, standards, protocols or other obligations could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business customer attrition, new business customer origination, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 We may fail to obtain or maintain necessary licenses or otherwise fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations . 
 Our business focuses on contracts and transactions with business customers and therefore is and was subject to a variety of laws, regulations and licensing requirements that govern our interactions with business customers, including those pertaining to privacy and data security, business customer financial transactions and warranties. We are a licensed service provider in each market where such licensure is and was required. Our business may become subject to additional such requirements in the future. In certain jurisdictions, we are also required to obtain licenses or permits to comply with standards governing marketing and sales efforts, servicing of business customers, monitoring station employee selection and training and to meet certain standards in the conduct of our business. These laws and regulations are dynamic and subject to potentially differing interpretations, and various legislative and regulatory bodies may expand current laws or regulations or enact new laws and regulations regarding these matters. We strive to comply with all applicable laws and regulations relating to our interactions with business customers. It is possible, however, that these requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules, our practices. Our non-compliance with any such law or regulations could also expose us to claims, proceedings, litigation and investigations by private parties and regulatory authorities, as well as substantial fines and negative publicity, each of which may materially and adversely affect our business. Delays in obtaining, or failing to obtain, approvals or rights, such as permitting, interconnection, or land usage approvals or rights, could affect our business customers builds. We may incur significant expenses to comply with such laws and regulations, and increased regulation of matters relating to our interactions with business customers could require us to modify our operations and incur significant additional expenses, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we expand the scope of our products or services or our operations in new markets, we may be required to obtain additional licenses and otherwise maintain compliance with additional laws, regulations or licensing requirements. 
 Changes in these laws or regulations or their interpretation, as well as new laws, regulations or licensing requirements which may be enacted, could dramatically affect how we do business, acquire business customers, and manage and use information we collect from, and about current and prospective customers and the costs associated therewith. In addition, federal, state and local governmental authorities have considered, and may in the future consider, implementing consumer protection rules and regulations, which could impose significant constraints on our sales channels. 
 We are subject to requirements relating to environmental and safety regulations and environmental remediation matters which could adversely affect our business, results of operation and reputation . 
 We are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, solid and hazardous waste storage, treatment and disposal, and remediation of releases of hazardous materials. Our suppliers are also subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, and their use of hazardous materials may adversely impact their operations and the availability of raw materials. While we adapt our manufacturing and distribution processes to the environmental control standards of regulatory authorities, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from hazardous or regulated materials, including injury of our employees, individuals who handle our products, or others who claim to have been exposed to our products, nor can we completely eliminate the unanticipated interruption or suspension of operations at our facilities due to such events. We may be held liable for significant damages or fines in the event of contamination or injury, and such assessed damages or fines could have an adverse effect on our financial performance and results of operations. 
 For example, in April 2022, View and the United States Attorney s Office for the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi agreed in principle to the terms of a global settlement agreement resolving the prospect of claims and charges against us relating to certain discharges of water without first obtaining a pretreatment permit. The terms of the potential global settlement agreement include, among others, a 3.0 million fine, 1.5 million civil penalty, a 0.5 million community service payment, wastewater reduction requirements, as well as probation and oversight for three years. For further discussion of the potential global settlement agreement, as well as our other legal proceedings refer to Item 3, Legal Proceedings and Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included in this Annual Report. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 There are capital, operating and other costs associated with compliance with these environmental laws and regulations. Environmental laws and regulations may become more stringent in the future, which could increase costs of compliance or require us to manufacture with alternative technologies and materials. Moreover, there are proposed international accords and treaties, as well as federal, state and local laws and regulations, which would attempt to control or limit the causes of climate change, including the effect of greenhouse gas emissions on the environment. In the event that the U.S. government or other others enact new climate change laws or regulations or make changes to existing laws or regulations, compliance with applicable laws or regulations may result in increased operating costs and could require us to make significant financial expenditures that cannot be predicted with certainty at this time. Non-compliance with such environmental regulations may result in litigation, additional regulation, fines, increased insurance premiums, mandates to temporarily halt production, workers compensation claims, or other actions that impact our brand, finances, or ability to operate. 
 We may face regulatory limitations on our ability to sell products directly which could materially and adversely affect our ability to sell our products . 
 We sell our products directly to business customers. There may be laws in jurisdictions we have not yet entered or laws we are unaware of in jurisdictions we have entered that may restrict our sales or other business practices. Even for those jurisdictions we have analyzed, the laws in this area can be complex, difficult to interpret and may change over time. Continued regulatory limitations and other obstacles interfering with our ability to sell products directly to business customers could have a negative and material impact our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Liabilities 
 We could be subject to liability, penalties and other restrictive sanctions and adverse consequences arising out of certain governmental investigations and proceedings. 
 We are currently cooperating and intend to continue to cooperate with certain government investigations. For example, in January 2022, we were informed that the SEC is conducting a formal investigation into the adequacy of our previously reported warranty accrual. In addition, View and the United States Attorney s Office for the Northern District of Mississippi agreed in principle to the terms of a global settlement agreement relating to certain discharges of water without first obtaining a pretreatment permit. For additional information about these matters, refer to Item 3, Legal Proceedings and Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included in this Annual Report. However, we cannot predict the outcome or impact of any future potential matters, and there exists the possibility that we could be subject to liability, penalties and other restrictive sanctions and adverse consequences if the SEC, the United States Department of Justice, or any other government agency were to pursue legal action in the future. Moreover, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur costs in responding to related requests for information and subpoenas, and if instituted, in defending against any governmental proceedings. 
 Our insurance strategy may not be adequate to protect us from all business risks. 
 We may be subject, in the ordinary course of business, to losses resulting from products liability, accidents, acts of God and other claims against it, for which we may have no insurance coverage. A loss that is uninsured or which exceeds policy limits may require us to pay substantial amounts, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 We are subject to all of the ordinary course operating hazards and risks that may come with the provision of our products and services and business operations. In addition to contractual provisions limiting our liability to business customers and third parties, we maintain insurance policies in such amounts and with such coverage and deductibles as required by law and that we believe are reasonable and prudent. Nevertheless, such insurance may not be adequate to protect us from all the liabilities and expenses that may arise from claims for personal injury, death or property damage arising in the ordinary course of our business and current levels of insurance may not be able to be maintained or be available at economical prices. If a significant liability claim is brought against us that is not covered by insurance, then we may have to pay the claim with our own funds, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. We may not be able to secure additional product liability insurance coverage on commercially acceptable terms or at reasonable costs when needed, particularly if we do face liability for our products and are forced to make a claim under our policy. 
 Litigation, complaints or adverse publicity or unauthorized use of our brand name could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 From time to time, we engage in the defense of, and may in the future be subject to, certain investigations, claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of our business including, without limitation, commercial or contractual disputes, including warranty claims and other disputes with potential business customers and suppliers, intellectual property matters, personal injury claims (e.g., OSHA), environmental issues, tax matters and employment matters. It is difficult to predict the outcome or ultimate financial exposure, if any, represented by these matters, and there can be no assurance that any such exposure will not be material. Any resulting actions or negative publicity could reduce the volume of our new business customer origination or increase attrition of existing business customers. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings , of this Annual Report for additional 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 information about current and potential legal proceedings involving the Company. Any of the foregoing may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 Unauthorized use of our brand name by third parties may also adversely affect our business and reputation, including the perceived quality and reliability of our products and services. We rely on trademark law, internal policies and agreements with our employees, business customers, business partners and others to protect the value of our brand name. Despite our precautions, we cannot provide assurance that those procedures are sufficiently effective to protect against unauthorized third-party use of our brand name. We may not be successful in investigating, preventing or prosecuting all unauthorized third-party use of our brand name. Future litigation with respect to such unauthorized use could also result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. These factors could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not able to successfully defend or insure against such claims. 
 Although we design our products and temper our glass to be the safest smart glass in the industry, product liability claims, even those without merit, could harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. We face inherent risk of exposure to claims in the event our products do not perform or are claimed to not have performed as expected. A successful product liability claim against us could require us to pay a substantial monetary award. Moreover, a product liability claim could generate substantial negative publicity about our products and business and could have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, prospects and operating results. 
 Our current and future warranty reserves may be insufficient to cover future warranty claims which could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 If our warranty reserves are inadequate to cover future warranty claims on our products, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. We evaluate warranty reserves on an ongoing basis and record liabilities for matters in which losses are probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. 
 In 2019, we identified a quality issue with certain materials purchased from one of our suppliers utilized in the manufacturing of certain IGUs. We stopped using the affected materials upon identification of the quality issue in 2019. As of December 31, 2022, we have had a low warranty claim rate related to this matter. We have replaced and expects to continue to replace affected IGUs for the remainder of the period covered by the warranty. We developed a statistical model to analyze the risk of failure of the affected IGUs related to this quality issue and predict the potential number of future failures that may occur during the remaining warranty period, as well as the timing of the expected failures. The statistical model considered the volume, data patterns, and other characteristics associated with the failed IGUs as well as the IGUs that had not yet failed as of each financial reporting period. These characteristics include, but are not limited to, time to failure, manufacture date, location of installation, and environmental factors. Based on this analysis, we recorded a specific warranty liability using the estimated number of affected IGUs expected to fail in the remaining warranty period and applying estimated costs we expect to incur to replace the IGUs. The total warranty liability included 30.8 million and 36.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to these IGUs. It is reasonably possible that the amount of costs to be incurred to replace the defective IGUs could be materially different from the estimate. Considering the limited failure rate data available to-date and the uncertainty inherent in the failure analysis, including the projected costs to replace defective IGUs in future years, the actual timing of the failures, and the number of defective IGUs, it is reasonably possible that the amount of costs to be incurred to replace the defective IGUs could be materially different from the estimate. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by any disruptions caused by union activities. 
 Although our employees are currently not unionized and we have not experienced any work stoppages since our inception, it is not uncommon for employees at manufacturing companies to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages. Although we work diligently to provide the best possible work environment for our employees, our employees may decide to join or seek recognition to form a labor union in the future, or we may be required to become a union signatory. If a work stoppage occurs, it could delay the manufacture and sale of our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results or financial condition. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Debt and Credit 
 Adverse developments in the credit markets may impair our ability to secure debt financing. 
 In past economic downturns, such as the financial crisis in the United States that began in mid-2007 and during other times of extreme market volatility, many commercial banks and other financial institutions stopped lending or significantly curtailed their lending activity. In addition, in an effort to stem losses and reduce their exposure to segments of the economy deemed to be high risk, some financial institutions limited routine refinancing and loan modification transactions and even reviewed the terms of existing facilities to identify bases for accelerating the maturity of existing lending facilities. The United States and 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 global economies suffered dramatic downturns as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, a deterioration in the credit markets and related financial crisis, as well as a variety of other factors including, among other things, extreme volatility in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, ratings downgrades of certain investments and declining valuations of others. If these conditions recur or persist, it may be difficult for us to obtain desired financing to finance the growth of our investments on acceptable economic terms, or at all. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in, among other things, increased draws by borrowers on revolving lines of credit and increased requests by borrowers for amendments, modifications and waivers of their credit agreements to avoid default or change payment terms, increased defaults by such borrowers and/or increased difficulty in obtaining refinancing at the maturity dates of their loans. The duration and effectiveness of responsive measures implemented by governments and central banks cannot be predicted. The commencement, continuation, or cessation of government and central bank policies and economic stimulus programs, including changes in monetary policy involving interest rate adjustments or governmental policies, may contribute to the development of or result in an increase in market volatility, illiquidity and other adverse effects that could negatively impact credit markets and our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to consummate credit facilities on commercially reasonable terms, our liquidity may be reduced significantly. If we are unable to repay amounts outstanding under any facility we may enter into and are declared in default or are unable to renew or refinance any such facility, it would limit our ability to initiate significant originations or to operate our business in the normal course. These situations may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as inaccessibility of the credit markets, a severe decline in the value of the United States dollar, a further economic downturn or an operational problem that affects third parties or us and could materially damage our business. Moreover, we are unable to predict when economic and market conditions may become more favorable. Even if such conditions improve broadly and significantly over the long term, adverse conditions in particular sectors of the financial markets could adversely impact our business. 
 The Convertible Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2027 (the Convertible Notes and the warrants issued to RXR FP Service LLC (the RXR Warrants are convertible into or exercisable for our Class A common stock, the issuance of which would increase the number of shares outstanding and eligible for future resale in the public market and would result in dilution to our stockholders. 
 As described in Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Convertible Notes are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock. Similarly, as described in Note 1 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the RXR Warrants are exercisable for shares of our Class A common stock. The agreements pursuant to which the Convertible Notes and the RXR Warrants were issued also provide the holders thereof with certain registration rights for the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof, including shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes if we were to elect the payment-in-kind option for the Convertible Notes for every interest payment date until maturity. In the event that the Convertible Notes are converted or the RXR Warrants are exercised, additional shares of our Class A common stock would be issued, which would result in dilution to the holders of our Class A common stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market, or the fact that such Notes may be converted or such RXR Warrants may be exercised, could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have substantial indebtedness and may acquire additional indebtedness in the future, which could adversely affect our financial flexibility and our competitive position. Any failure to comply with financial covenants in our debt agreements could result in such debt agreements being declared in default. 
 We have a significant amount of outstanding indebtedness following the completion of the sale of the Convertible Notes, as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our substantial indebtedness could have significant effects and consequences on our business. For example, as part of the Agreement for Strategic Planning and Consulting Services (the Strategic Agreement ), dated as of October 25, 2022, by and between us and RXR FP Services LLC RXR FP ), we are now subject to a debt covenant that, among other things, prevents us from incurring certain debt in excess of 50 million principal amount (excluding the Convertible Notes and certain debt incurred prior to or outstanding as of the date of the Strategic Agreement) during the term of the Strategic Agreement without the prior consent of RXR FP, subject to certain exceptions. Additionally, among other things, our substantial indebtedness could: 
 a. increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions; 
 b. require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 
 c. restrict us from taking advantage of business opportunities; 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 d. make it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations; 
 e. place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt obligations; and 
 f. limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or other general corporate purposes on satisfactory terms or at all. 
 Further, we may need to raise additional funding in the future to repay or refinance the Convertible Notes, potential future borrowings and our accounts payable, and as such, may need to seek additional debt or equity financing. Such additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. If debt financing is available and obtained, our interest expense may increase and we may become subject to the risk of default, depending on the terms of such financing. If equity financing is available and obtained, it may result in our stockholders experiencing significant dilution. If such financing is unavailable, we may be forced to curtail our operations, which may cause the value of our securities to decline in value and/or become worthless. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Financial Results and Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 Loss of a major customer could result in a decrease in our future sales and earnings. 
 In any given quarter or year, sales of our products may be concentrated in a few major customers, including glaziers and low voltage electricians. For the year ended December 31, 2022, three customers represented greater than 10.0 of total revenue, accounting for 13.2 , 12.9 , and 11.0 of total revenue, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, two customers represented greater than 10.0 of total revenue, accounting for 12.2 and 11.8 of total revenue, respectively. 
 We anticipate that a limited number of customers in any given period may account for a substantial portion of our total net revenue for the foreseeable future. The business risks associated with this concentration, including increased credit risks for these and other customers and the possibility of related bad debt write-offs, could negatively affect our margins and profits. Additionally, the loss of a major customer, whether through competition or consolidation, or a disruption in sales to such a customer, could result in a decrease of our future sales and earnings. 
 If we are unable to achieve our targeted manufacturing costs for our products, our financial condition and operating results may suffer . 
 While we are continuing to and expect in the future to realize cost reductions by both us and our suppliers, including through increased production, there is no guarantee we will be able to achieve sufficient cost savings to reach our gross margin and profitability goals, or our other financial targets. We incur significant costs related to procuring the materials required to manufacture our products and compensating our personnel. If our efforts to continue to decrease manufacturing costs are not successful, we may incur substantial costs or cost overruns in utilizing and increasing the production capability of our manufacturing facility. Many of the factors that impact our manufacturing costs are beyond our control, such as potential increases in the costs of our materials and components. If we are unable to continue to control and reduce our manufacturing costs, our operating results, business and prospects will be harmed. 
 Our business model of manufacturing smart glass is capital-intensive, and we may not be able to raise additional capital on attractive terms, if at all, which could be dilutive to stockholders. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected . 
 The development, design, manufacture and sale of our products is a capital-intensive business, for which significant amounts of capital have already been invested at our facility. As a result of our investments of capital, we maintain a facility with a production line that can meet our near-term projections for sale and production. Over time, until we are generating positive free cash flows, we will need to raise additional funds, including through the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities or through obtaining credit from financial institutions to fund, together with our principal sources of liquidity, ongoing costs such as research and development relating to our products, any significant unplanned or accelerated expenses, new strategic investments, or refinancing of our significant consolidated indebtedness, even if not required to do so by the terms of such indebtedness. We cannot be certain that additional capital will be available on attractive terms, if at all, when needed, which could be dilutive to stockholders, and our financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 From time to time, we may use capital from third-party investors to enable our business customers access to our products. The availability of this financing depends upon many factors, including the confidence of the investors in the smart glass industry, the quality and mix of our business customer contracts, any regulatory changes impacting the economics of our existing business customer contracts, changes in law (including tax law), risks or government incentives associated with these financings, and our ability to compete with other smart glass companies for the limited number of potential investors. Moreover, while interest rates remain at low levels, they have risen in recent periods. If the rate of return required by investors rises as a result of a rise in interest rates, we will reduce the present value of the business customer payment streams underlying, and therefore the total value of, our financing structures, increasing our cost of capital. If we are unable to establish new 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 financing funds on favorable terms for third-party ownership arrangements, our cost of capital could increase and our liquidity may be negatively impacted, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business in the future, which could cause our future stock price to be adversely affected. 
 We periodically provide guidance regarding our expected financial and business performance, such as projections regarding sales and production, as well as anticipated future revenue, gross margins, profitability and cash flows. Correctly identifying key factors affecting business conditions and predicting future events is inherently an uncertain process, and our guidance may not ultimately be accurate. Our guidance may be based on certain assumptions such as those relating to global and local economic conditions, anticipated production and sales volumes (which generally are not linear throughout a given period), average sales prices, supplier and commodity costs and planned cost reductions. If our guidance is not accurate or varies from actual results due to our inability to meet our assumptions or the impact on our financial performance that could occur as a result of various risks and uncertainties, the market value of View common stock could be adversely affected in the future. 
 Future sales of View stock, or the perception of future sales, by us or our stockholders in the public market could cause the market price for View Class A common stock to decline . 
 The sale of shares of View Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing market price of shares of View Class A common stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
 In the future, we may also issue our securities in connection with investments or acquisitions. The amount of shares of View Class A common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of Class A common stock. Any issuance of additional securities in connection with investments or acquisitions may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could affect our financial results . 
 A small portion of our revenue is denominated in Canadian Dollars. Accordingly, we may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations in the United States Dollar versus Canadian Dollar. Weaker foreign currencies relative to the United States Dollar may result in lower levels of reported revenue with respect to foreign currency-denominated sales on our United States Dollar-denominated financial statements. Foreign exchange rates are influenced by many factors outside of our control, including but not limited to: changing supply and demand for a particular currency, monetary policies of governments (including exchange-control programs, restrictions on local exchanges or markets and limitations on foreign investment in a country or an investment by residents of a country in other countries), changes in balances of payments and trade, trade restrictions and currency devaluations and revaluations. The resulting fluctuations in the exchange rates for the other currencies could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to collection risks. 
 We may face normal collection risks with business customers and suppliers. If we fail to collect from our business customers, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Acquisitions 
 Future transactions could pose risks. 
 We frequently evaluate strategic opportunities both within and outside our existing lines of business. We expect from time to time to pursue additional business opportunities and may decide to eliminate or acquire certain businesses, products or services. There are various risks and uncertainties associated with potential acquisitions and divestitures, including: (i) availability of financing; (ii) difficulties related to integrating previously separate businesses into a single unit, including product and service offerings, distribution and operational capabilities and business cultures; (iii) general business disruption; (iv) managing the integration process; (v) diversion of management s attention from day-to-day operations, (vi) assumption of costs and liabilities of an acquired business, including unforeseen or contingent liabilities or liabilities in excess of the amounts estimated; (vii) failure to realize anticipated benefits and synergies, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements; (viii) potentially substantial costs and expenses associated with acquisitions and dispositions; (ix) failure to retain and motivate key employees; and (x) difficulties in applying our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures to an acquired business. Any or all of these risks and uncertainties, individually or collectively, could have material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flow or results of operations. We can offer no assurance that any such strategic opportunities will prove to be successful. Among other negative effects, our pursuit of such opportunities could cause our cost of investment in new business customers to grow at a faster rate than our recurring revenue and fees collected at the time of 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 sale. Additionally, any new product or service offerings could require developmental investments or have higher cost structures than our current arrangements, which could reduce operating margins and require more working capital. 
 Our business could be materially adversely affected as a result of the risks associated with acquisitions and investments. In particular, we may not succeed in making acquisitions or be effective in integrating such acquisitions. 
 We may make acquisitions and investments in the future as part of our growth strategy. We will evaluate the tactical or strategic opportunities available related to complementary businesses, products or technologies. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in making future acquisitions. Even if we are successful in making acquisitions, integrating an acquired company s business into our operations or investing in new technologies may (i) result in unforeseen operating difficulties and large expenditures and (ii) absorb significant management attention that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development of our business, both of which may result in the loss of key business customers or personnel and expose us to unanticipated liabilities. Further, we may not be able to retain the key employees that may be necessary to operate the businesses we acquire, and we may not be able to attract, in a timely manner, new skilled employees and management to replace them. 
 We may not be able to consummate acquisitions or investments that we have identified as crucial to the implementation of our strategy for other commercial or economic reasons. Further, we may not be able to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, including those of competition authorities and foreign investment authorities, in countries where we seek to consummate acquisitions or make investments. For those and other reasons, we may ultimately fail to consummate an acquisition, even if we announce the intended acquisition. 
 We are required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to achieve and maintain effective internal controls, our operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 As discussed herein, management has determined that we did not maintain effective controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 due to the existence of material weaknesses, which we may not be able to remediate in a timely manner. See also We have identified deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting resulting in material weaknesses and the conclusion that our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. If we fail to properly remediate these or any future material weaknesses or deficiencies or to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, further material misstatements in our financial statements could occur and impair our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements, which could cause current and potential stockholders to lose confidence in our financial reporting, which in turn could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. We cannot be certain as to the timing of completion of our remediation actions or their effect on our operations. If we are unable to remediate in a timely manner, this may impede our ability to file timely and accurate reports with the SEC. Any of the above could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Risk Factors Relating to our Governance Documents 
 Our certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will, subject to certain exceptions, be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders . 
 Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel except any action; provided, however, that, in the event that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding shall be another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in each such case, unless the Court of Chancery (or such other state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, as applicable) has dismissed a prior action by the same plaintiff asserting the same claims because such court lacked personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party named as a defendant therein. 
 Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 The exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive, and this exclusive forum provision does not purport to waive, compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 This choice of forum provision may limit the ability of a View stockholder to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The provision of our charter that authorizes our Board to issue preferred stock from time to time based on terms approved by our Board may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that public stockholders might consider in their best interest. 
 The provision of our charter that authorizes our Board to issue preferred stock from time to time based on terms approved by our Board may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that you might consider in your best interest. 
 Risk Factors Relating to our Management 
 The ability of our management to operate the business successfully will be largely dependent upon the efforts of certain key personnel of ours. The loss of such key personnel could negatively impact the operations and financial results of ours. 
 The ability of our management to operate the business successfully is dependent upon the efforts of certain key personnel of ours. Although we expect key personnel to remain with us, there can be no assurance that they will do so. It is possible that we will lose some key personnel, the loss of which could negatively impact the operations and profitability of ours. Furthermore, certain of the key personnel of View may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Dividends 
 We do not expect to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, investors may need to rely on sales of their shares after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Securities and Industry Analysts 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our securities adversely, the price and trading volume of our securities could decline. 
 The trading market for our securities will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, market or competitors. There has been limited research coverage by securities and industry analysts on us. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, our share price and trading volume would likely be negatively impacted. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our shares of common stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our shares of common stock would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on it, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Warrants and Options 
 Warrants and options are or will in the future become exercisable for our Class A common stock, which, if exercised would increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public market and result in dilution to our stockholders. 
 Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of approximately 366,666 shares of our Class A common stock became exercisable on August 26, 2021. Additionally, Public Warrants to purchase an aggregate of approximately 16,666,637 shares of our Class A common stock became exercisable on August 26, 2021. The exercise price of these warrants is 11.50 per share. Rollover Warrants to purchase an aggregate of approximately 3,220,494 shares of our Class A Common stock are exercisable or may become exercisable in the future. The Rollover Warrants have a weighted average exercise price of approximately 15.27. Additionally, 20,721,790 Rollover Options are or may in the future become exercisable. The Rollover Options have a weighted average exercise price of approximately 9.36. To the extent such warrants or options are exercised, additional shares 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 of our Class A common stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to the holders of our Class A common stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market or the fact that such warrants or options may be exercised could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 There is no guarantee that our Warrants, Rollover Warrants and Rollover Options will be in the money at the time they become exercisable, and they may expire worthless. 
 As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have 17,033,303 Warrants, 3,220,494 Rollover Warrants and 20,721,790 Rollover Options outstanding. The exercise price for our Warrants is 11.50 per share. The weighted average exercise price of the Rollover Warrants is 15.27 per share. The weighted average exercise price of the Rollover Options is 9.36 per share. The likelihood that the Selling Holders will exercise their Warrants, Rollover Warrants and Rollover Options, and therefore the amount of cash proceeds that we would receive, is dependent upon the market price of our Class A Common Stock. On March 30, 2023, the closing price of our Class A common stock was 0.56 per share. If the market price of our Class A common stock continues to be less than the exercise price, it is unlikely that holders will exercise the Warrants, Rollover Warrants and Rollover Options, and therefore unlikely that we will receive any proceeds from the exercise of these warrants and options in the near future, or at all. 
 We may redeem unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to a Warrant holder, thereby making the Warrants worthless. 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding Warrants at any time while they are exercisable and prior to their expiration, provided that the last sales price of the Class A common stock reported has been at least 18.00 per share (subject to certain adjustments) on each of twenty (20) trading days within the thirty (30) trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given. If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right. Redemption of the outstanding Warrants could force Warrant holders to: (1) exercise their Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous to do so, (2) sell their Warrants at the then-current market price when they might otherwise wish to hold their Warrants or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of the Warrants. 
 In addition, we may redeem Warrants after they become exercisable for a number of shares of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption described above. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the Warrants are out-of-the-money, in which case Warrants holders would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A common stock had the Warrants remained outstanding. 
 The Warrants may not be in the money after they become exercisable, they may expire worthless and the terms of the Warrants may be amended in a manner that may be adverse to holders of our Warrants with the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants, or, in the case of an amendment solely to the Private Placement Warrants, the approval of a majority of the holders of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of the Warrants could be increased, the Warrants could be converted into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant could be decreased, all without a Warrant holder s approval. 
 The Warrants may never be in the money, and they may expire worthless. Our Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement, dated as of August 26, 2020, between Continental and us (the Warrant Agreement ). The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder (i) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained in the Warrant Agreement or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Warrant Agreement as the parties thereto may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties thereto deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the Warrant holders, and (ii) to provide for the delivery of Alternative Issuance (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) pursuant to Section 4.4 of the Warrant Agreement. All other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants. Any amendment solely to the Private Placement Warrants require the vote or written consent of a majority of the holders of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may lower the price per share at which the shares of Class A common stock may be purchased at the time a Warrant is exercised or extend the duration of the exercise period pursuant to Sections 3.1 and 3.2 of the Warrant Agreement, respectively, without the consent of the Warrant holders. 
 Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Warrant Agreement in a manner adverse to a holder if the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment or, in the case of an amendment solely to the Private Placement Warrants, if a majority of the holders of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Warrants with the appropriate consent(s) is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Warrants, convert the 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Ownership of Our Securities 
 We have in the past and may in the future issue additional securities without your approval, which would dilute your ownership interests and may depress the market price of our securities . 
 We have in the past and may in the future issue additional shares of Class A common stock or other equity securities of equal or senior rank in the future in connection with, among other things, future acquisitions or repayment of outstanding indebtedness, without stockholder approval, in a number of circumstances. 
 The issuance of additional shares or other equity securities of equal or senior rank would have the following effects: 
 existing stockholders proportionate ownership interest in our company will decrease; 
 the amount of cash available per share, including for payment of dividends in the future, may decrease; 
 the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding common stock may be diminished; and 
 the market price of our securities may decline. 
 Resales of our securities may cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, a number of our stockholders were contractually restricted from selling or transferring their shares until the earlier of (i) six (6) months after the Closing, or (ii) the date after the Closing on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization, tender offer or other similar transaction after the Closing which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their equity holdings in View for cash, securities or other property. However, following the expiration of such lockups on September 8, 2021, the View stockholders are no longer restricted from selling their securities, other than by applicable securities laws. 
 The 119,860,088 shares that were subject to the Lock-Up Agreements constitute approximately 49.8 of our outstanding Class A common stock based on the number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023. Additionally, 17,033,303 shares of our Class A common stock are issuable upon the exercise of our Warrants. The warrants became exercisable on August 26, 2021. All of the Founder Shares, Registered PIPE Shares, Private Placement Shares, the shares under the Engagement Letter, the shares issuable upon the vesting of Restricted Stock Units, and the Private Placement Warrants have been registered for resale under the Securities Act. As the lock-up restrictions have expired and the warrants are exercisable, the sale or possibility of sale of shares could have the effect of increasing the volatility in our share price or the market price of our securities could decline if the holders of currently restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock and warrants has been volatile and may be in the future. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock and warrants has been, and may be in the future, highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations due to a number of factors such as the following, some of which will be beyond our control. Some of the factors that could negatively affect the market price of our Class A common stock and warrants or result in significant fluctuations in price, regardless of our actual operating performance, include: 
 our ability to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq; 
 our ability to regain and maintain compliance with SEC and Nasdaq rules; 
 actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results; 
 results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 the impact of the continued effects of and responses to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and conflict in Ukraine; 
 changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our securities; 
 conditions or trends in our industry; 
 changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 
 changes in the markets in which we operate; 
 stock market price and volume fluctuations of comparable companies and, in particular, those that operate in the smart glass industry; 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 publication of research reports about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures, capital commitments, strategic partnerships or divestitures; 
 investors general perceptions of our company and our business; 
 announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us; 
 actions by stockholders, including the sale of shares of our common stock; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 recruitment or departure of key personnel; 
 overall performance of the equity markets; 
 disputes or other developments relating to intellectual property rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain, maintain, defend, protect and enforce patent and other intellectual property rights for our technologies; 
 uncertainty regarding economic events; 
 changes in interest rates; 
 general market, political and economic conditions, including an economic slowdown; 
 our operating performance and the performance of other similar companies; 
 our ability to accurately project future results and our ability to achieve those and other industry and analyst forecasts; 
 new legislation or other regulatory developments that adversely affect us, our markets or our industry; and 
 other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 Furthermore, in recent years, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies, and often occurs without regard to the operating performance of the affected companies. Therefore, factors that have little or nothing to do with us could cause the price of our Class A common stock and warrants to fluctuate, and these fluctuations or any fluctuations related to our company could cause the market price of our Class A common stock and warrants to decline materially. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We are headquartered in Milpitas, California and manufacture our products at our facility located in Olive Branch, Mississippi. Our research and development activities are conducted at both our Milpitas and Olive Branch locations. We lease approximately 804,104 square feet of manufacturing space in Olive Branch under a lease expiring in March 2028. We also lease office space of 77,200 square feet in Milpitas under a lease expiring in September 2028. As of December 31, 2022, we have invested over 400.0 million in capital expenditures, primarily in the Olive Branch facility which continues to be our sole manufacturing hub since 2010. We believe our current facilities are secure under long-term leases and will support our anticipated growth over the next several years. As demand for our products increases, we expect to expand our operations in Olive Branch through the completion of a second production line, but do not intend to add new facilities in the near future. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are subject to claims, litigation, internal or governmental investigations, including those related to labor and employment, contracts, intellectual property, environmental, regulatory compliance, commercial matters and other related matters, some of which allege substantial monetary damages and claims. Some of these actions may be brought as class actions on behalf of a class or purported class of employees. We are also defendants in judicial and administrative proceedings involving matters incidental to our business. Legal expenses are expensed as incurred. 
 We accrue a charge when our management determines that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. When a loss is probable, we record an accrual based on the reasonably estimable loss or range of loss. When no point of loss is more likely than another, we record the lowest amount in the estimated range of loss and disclose the estimated range. We do not record liabilities for reasonably possible loss contingencies but do disclose a range of reasonably possible losses if they are material and we are able to estimate such a range. If we cannot provide a range of 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 reasonably possible losses, we explain the factors that prevent us from determining such a range. We regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether an accrual should be established or adjusted. The ultimate outcome of legal proceedings involves judgments, estimates, and inherent uncertainties and cannot be predicted with certainty. Should the ultimate outcome of any legal matter be unfavorable, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We may also incur substantial legal fees, which are expensed as incurred, in defending against legal claims. 
 Securities Litigation 
 On August 18, 2021, plaintiff Asif Mehedi filed a putative securities class action in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (Mehedi v. View, Inc. f/k/a CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II et al. (No. 5:21CV06374, N.D. Cal.)) alleging violations of the federal securities laws by the Company, Rao Mulpuri, and Vidul Prakash. On February 8, 2022, the Court appointed Stadium Capital LLC lead plaintiff and denied the competing motion of Sweta Sonthalia. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals denied Ms. Sonthalia s petition for a writ of mandamus to vacate the lead plaintiff order. 
 On July 15, 2022, Stadium Capital filed an amended complaint against View, Mulpuri, and Prakash; certain current and former View board members; Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and related entities; officers and board members of CF II; and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. The action is brought on behalf of a putative class consisting of (i) all persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired View and/or CF II securities between November 30, 2020 and May 10, 2022, inclusive; (ii) all persons or entities who were holders of CF II Class A common stock as of the January 27, 2021 record date that were entitled to vote to approve the merger between View and CF II; and (iii) all persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired View securities pursuant or traceable to the Form S-4 Registration Statement filed by CF II on December 23, 2020. The amended complaint asserts claims under Sections 10(b) (and Rule 10b-5 thereunder), 14(a) (and Rule 14a-9 thereunder), and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act and Sections 11, 12, and 15 of the Securities Act. 
 The amended complaint alleges that certain defendants failed to disclose to investors that the Company s warranty-related obligations and associated cost of revenue were materially false and misleading because they excluded expenses the Company incurred and expected to incur due to significant quality issues. The amended complaint alleges that certain defendants positive statements about the Company were false and materially misleading as a result, and that such statements caused the price of the Company s stock to be inflated. The amended complaint alleges that class members were damaged when the price of the Company s stock declined on the trading day following (1) August 16, 2021, when the Company announced an independent investigation concerning the adequacy of the Company s previously disclosed warranty accrual, and (2) May 10, 2022, when the Company stated that management anticipated that it would be disclosing substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern and that the Company s cash position was 200.5 million at the end of Q1 2022. The amended complaint seeks unspecified compensatory damages and costs, including attorneys fees. 
 Defendants filed motions to dismiss on October 6, 2022, Stadium Capital filed its opposition to the motions on November 14, 2022. Defendants filed replies in support of the motions to dismiss on December 14, 2022. The motions are set for hearing on April 20, 2023. 
 Given the early stage of this matter, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss (or range of loss), if any, at this time; therefore, a liability has not been recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 Derivative Litigation 
 On December 6, 2021, a purported Company shareholder filed a verified stockholder derivative complaint (nominally on behalf of the Company) against Rao Mulpuri, Nigel Gormly, Harold Hughes, Tom Leppert, Toby Cosgrove, Lisa Picard, Julie Larson-Green, and Vidul Prakash (Jacobson v. Mulpuri, et al. (No. 1:21CV01719, D. Del.)). On May 24, 2022, plaintiff and purported Company stockholder Anil Damidi filed a verified stockholder derivative complaint (nominally on behalf of the Company) against the same defendants as in the Jacobson complaint: Mr. Mulpuri, Mr. Gormly, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Leppert, Mr. Cosgrove, Ms. Picard, Ms. Larson-Green, and Mr. Prakash. On July 26, 2022, plaintiff and purported Company stockholder James Monteleone filed a verified stockholder derivative complaint (nominally on behalf of the Company) against the same defendants as in the Jacobson and Damidi complaints: Mr. Mulpuri, Mr. Gormly, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Leppert, Mr. Cosgrove, Ms. Picard, Ms. Larson-Green, and Mr. Prakash. 
 On September 8, 2022, the Jacobson, Damidi, and Monteleone cases were assigned to Judge Gregory Williams. On September 30, 2022, Judge Williams entered the parties stipulation to (1) consolidate the three actions into In re View, Inc. Derivative Litigation, C.A. No, 21-1719-GBW (Consolidated), (2) appoint co-lead counsel for plaintiffs, and (3) stay all proceedings in the consolidated action until the Mehedi class action is dismissed in its entirety, with prejudice, and all appeals related thereto have been exhausted, or is resolved by settlement, or the motions to dismiss in the Mehedi class action are denied. Any party may request that the Court lift the stay upon good cause shown and bringing the matter to the Court s attention. 
 The stipulation deems the Damidi complaint to be the operative complaint in the consolidated case until any amended complaint is filed. The Damidi complaint asserts claims for violation of Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act, breach of 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and waste of corporate assets. The complaint seeks unspecified money damages, restitution, punitive damages, and costs (including attorneys fees and accountants and experts fees, costs, and expenses). The Damidi complaint alleges that the defendants failed to prevent the Company from making false statements regarding the Company s business results and prospects and that the Company has been harmed by incurring legal fees and potential liability in investigations and lawsuits. 
 Given the early stage of this matter, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss (or range of loss), if any, at this time; therefore, a liability has not been recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 Government Investigation 
 On November 9, 2021, the Company announced that it had voluntarily reported to the SEC that the Audit Committee of the Company s board of directors was conducting an independent, internal investigation into the adequacy of the Company s previously reported warranty accrual. In January 2022, the Company was informed that the SEC is conducting a formal investigation of this matter. The Company has cooperated with the SEC s investigation and intends to continue doing so. 
 In June 2022, the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New York requested information related to this matter. The Company has cooperated with the U.S. Attorney s Office in connection with these requests and intends to continue doing so. 
 Given the early stage of these matters, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss (or range of loss), if any, at this time; therefore, a liability has not been recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 Northern District of Mississippi Environmental Matter 
 In September and August of 2021, the Mississippi Commission on Environmental Quality MCEQ ), Desoto County Regional Utility Authority DCRUA and the City of Olive Branch, Mississippi Olive Branch ), each issued notices and orders to the Company with respect to our discharges of water from our Olive Branch facility into the publicly owned treatment works POTW of DCRUA and Olive Branch without first obtaining a pretreatment permit. In August 2021, a Subpoena to Testify Before a Grand Jury was issued out of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi Subpoena requiring us to produce to the Environmental Protection Agency EPA various documents relating to environmental matters at our Olive Branch facility, including but not limited to hazardous waste records, air emissions records, storm water discharges records and wastewater disposal records. We have cooperated fully with each such notice, order and Subpoena. 
 On April 13, 2022, the Company and the United States Attorney s Office for the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi agreed in principle to the terms of a global settlement resolving the prospect of claims and charges against the Company relating to all prior discharges of water into the POTW of DCRUA and Olive Branch without first obtaining a pretreatment permit. The principal terms of the settlement are: 
 1. the Company pleading guilty to a single misdemeanor count for negligently discharging wastewater to a POTW without first obtaining a pretreatment permit in violation of 33 U.S.C. 1319(c)(1)(A); 
 2. the Company paying a fine of 3.0 million over a three-year period in equal installments of 1.0 million to the federal government; 
 3. the Company paying a special assessment of 125 to the federal government pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 3013(a)(1)(B); 
 4. the Company entering a separate civil Agreed Order with the MCEQ that requires the payment of a separate civil penalty of 1.5 million; 
 5. the Company making a separate community service payment in the amount of 0.5 million to DCRUA, to be used for the sole purpose of expanding wastewater treatment capacity in DeSoto County, Mississippi, within 30 days of entering the Plea Agreement; 
 6. the Company implementing an environmental management system that conforms to ISO 14001:2015 standards or a similar environmental management system approved by the United States Environmental Protection Agency, which is expected to result in 0.3 million in consulting and personnel costs; 
 7. the Company implementing agreed upon wastewater reduction plans, which is expected to result in approximately 5.5 million in capital expenditures to install a wastewater treatment and recycling system; 
 8. the Company obtaining a pretreatment permit from MDEQ, or entering an Agreed Order with MCEQ and operating in compliance with that Agreed Order until a permit can be obtained; 
 9. the Company obtaining wastewater discharge permits from DCRUA and Olive Branch, or entering into Consent/Compliance Order(s) or Agreement(s) with DCRUA and Olive Branch that are consistent with any Agreed Order 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 entered with MCEQ and operating in compliance with such Consent/Compliance Order(s) or Agreement(s) until permits can be obtained; and 
 10. the Company agreeing to probation for three years. 
 The terms of the Plea Agreement are subject to the approval of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi. On November 7, 2022, View finalized an Agreed Order with the MCEQ as contemplated by the settlement terms. On November 16 and 17, 2022, Olive Branch and DCRUA, respectively, approved a joint Agreed Order with View consistent with the settlement terms. View continues to coordinate with MDEQ and the local authorities with respect to the obligations contemplated by the settlement terms, including obtaining a pretreatment permit from the Mississippi Environmental Quality Permit Board, which has not been granted as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We recognized the 5.0 million of penalties we expect to incur in conjunction with this settlement within other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Section 205 Application 
 On March 5, 2021, the stockholders of CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II CF Finance ), now known as View, Inc., voted at a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting to approve certain matters relating to the business combination in which CF Finance acquired View Operating Corporation (formerly known as View, Inc.) (the Business Combination ). Among these matters were proposals to amend CF Finance s then-effective Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to, among other things, (i) increase the number of authorized shares of Class A Common Stock from 100,000,000 to 400,000,000 shares (the First Charter Amendment and (ii) increase the number of authorized shares of Class A Common Stock from 400,000,000 to 600,000,000 shares (the Second Charter Amendment and, collectively, the Charter Amendments ). 
 The Charter Amendments were each approved by a majority of the shares of CF Finance s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, voting together as a single class, which were outstanding as of the record date for the Special Meeting. Although the votes on the Charter Amendments were not structured as separate class votes by the holders of Class A Common Stock, the Charter Amendments each received the approval of the votes of a majority of shares of Class A Common Stock. At the Special Meeting, the stockholders also voted to approve the Business Combination. On March 5, 2021, CF Finance filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware reflecting the First Charter Amendment, and on March 8, 2021, CF Finance filed its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware reflecting the Second Charter Amendment. 
 A recent decision of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware has created uncertainty regarding the validity of the Charter Amendments and whether separate votes of the majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock would have been required under Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. 
 In light of the recent Court of Chancery decision, on February 15, 2023, the Company filed an application in the Court of Chancery pursuant to Section 205 of the DGCL seeking validation of the Charter Amendments and any shares issued pursuant thereto to resolve any uncertainty with respect to those matters (the Application ). On February 16, 2023, the Court of Chancery granted the Company s motion to expedite proceedings and set a hearing date for the Application to be heard. On March 6, 2023, the Court held a hearing on the Application. At the hearing, the Court entered an oral ruling on the record granting the Company s Application, and subsequently entered a written order (1) validating and declaring effective the March 5, 2021, stockholder votes approving the Charter Amendments; (2) validating and declaring effective the Charter Amendments, including the filing and effectiveness thereof; and (3) validating and declaring authorized the Company s securities (and the issuance of the securities) described in the Application, whether already issued or to be issued pursuant to authorization under the Charter Amendments. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols VIEW and VIEWW , respectively. 
 Holders 
 As of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s common shares are traded on the Nasdaq (NASDAQ: VIEW). As of March 27, 2023, there were approximately 84 holders of record of approximately 240,740,922 shares of Class A Common Stock. The actual number of stockholders of our Common Stock is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares of common stock are held in street name by banks, brokers and other nominees. There were approximately 2 holders of record of approximately 17,033,303 public and private warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. We expect to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends on our Class A common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 On March 8, 2021 (the Closing Date ), View, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II CF II )) (the Company or View ), consummated the previously announced merger pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 30, 2020 (as amended, modified or waived from time to time, the Merger Agreement ), by and among CF II, PVMS Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of CF II Merger Sub ), and View Operating Corporation, a Delaware corporation (f/k/a View, Inc.) Legacy View ). 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination between the Company and Legacy View was effected through the merger of Merger Sub with and into Legacy View, with Legacy View surviving as the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of CF II (the Merger and, collectively with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the Transactions ). On the Closing Date, the Company changed its name from CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II to View, Inc. and Legacy View changed its name from View, Inc. to View Operating Corporation. 
 In connection with the special meeting of the stockholders of CF II held on March 5, 2021 (the Special Meeting and the Merger, holders of 12,587,893 shares of Company Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock ), exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of 10.00 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 125.88 million. 
 On March 8, 2021, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), and subject to (and except as specifically provided by) the terms of the Merger Agreement, each share of Legacy View common stock, par value 0.0001 per share and each share of Legacy View preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, was automatically cancelled and ceased to exist in exchange for 0.02325 shares (the Exchange Ratio of Class A Common Stock for each share of Legacy View common stock and Legacy View preferred stock, without interest, subject to rounding up such fractional shares of each holder to the nearest whole share of Class A Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of Class A Common Stock that otherwise would be received by such holder). 
 At the Effective Time, each share of Merger Sub common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, automatically and without any required action on the part of any holder or beneficiary thereof, was converted into and exchanged for one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Legacy View common stock. 
 At the Effective Time, each option to purchase shares of Legacy View common stock that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, was assumed by the Company and converted into an option to purchase that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the product (rounded down to the nearest whole number) of (a) the number of shares of Legacy View common stock subject to the Legacy View option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (b) the Exchange Ratio. Such assumed option shall have a per share exercise price for each share of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the assumed option equal to the quotient (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) obtained by dividing (i) the exercise price per share of Legacy View common stock subject to such Legacy View option 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 immediately prior to the Effective Time by (ii) the Exchange Ratio. Except as specifically provided in the Merger Agreement, following the Effective Time, each assumed option is governed by the same terms and conditions (including vesting and exercisability terms) as were applicable to the corresponding former Legacy View option immediately prior to the Effective Time. 
 At the Effective Time, each Legacy View warrant that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was assumed by the Company and converted into an assumed warrant exercisable for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the product (rounded down to the nearest whole number) of (a) the number of shares of Legacy View capital stock subject to the Legacy View warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (b) the Exchange Ratio. Such assumed warrant shall have a per share exercise price for each share of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the assumed warrant shall be equal to the quotient (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) obtained by dividing (i) the exercise price per share of Legacy View capital stock subject to the Legacy View warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time by (ii) the Exchange Ratio. Except as specifically provided in the Merger Agreement, following the Effective Time, each assumed warrant shall continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions (including vesting and exercisability terms) as were applicable to the corresponding former Legacy View warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time. 
 At the Effective Time, the Sponsor subjected 4,970,000 of its shares of Class B Common Stock (the Sponsor Earn-Out Shares to vesting and potential forfeiture (and related transfer restrictions) after the Closing based on a five year post-Closing earnout, with (a) 50 of the Sponsor Earn-Out Shares being released if the stock price of Class A Common Stock exceeds 12.50 for 5 out of any 10 trading days, (b) 25 of the Sponsor Earn-Out Shares being released if the stock price of Class A Common Stock exceeds 15.00 for 5 out of any 10 trading days and (c) 25 of the Sponsor Earn-Out Shares being released if the stock price of Class A Common Stock exceeds 20.00 for 5 out of any 10 trading days, in each case, subject to early release for a Combined Entity sale, change of control or going private transaction or delisting after the Effective Time. 
 Following the Effective Time, View granted 12,500,000 performance-based restricted stock units for shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company (the Officer RSUs and 5,000,000 options to purchase Class A Common Stock of the Company (the Officer Options and together with the Officer RSUs, the Officer Earnout Awards to View s executive officers. The Officer RSUs are subject to both time and market based vesting conditions. The Officer RSUs time vest over a four-year period with 25 to vest on the twelve-month anniversary of the Closing and the remaining 75 to vest on a monthly basis over the following thirty-six months, subject to the following market-based vesting. 50 of the Officer RSUs granted to each executive officer will only vest if the share price hurdle of 15.00 is achieved and the remaining 50 of such Officer RSUs will vest if the share price hurdle of 20.00 is achieved. The Officer Options time vest over a four-year period with 25 to vest on the twelve-month anniversary of the Closing and the remaining 75 will vest on a monthly basis over the following thirty-six months. On November 9, 2021, 1,000,000 Officer RSUs were cancelled in connection with an executive officer s resignation from the Company. On March 8, 2022, 700,000 Officer RSUs were cancelled in connection with an executive officer s resignation from the Company. For further details about the Officer Earnout Awards, see Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and Part III, Item 13. Executive Compensation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Following the Effective Time, View granted a nonqualified stock option award to its CEO to purchase 25,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company at an exercise price of 10.00 per share CEO Option Award ), which will vest in ten equal tranches upon the achievement of certain stock price hurdles as specified for each tranche, subject to the CEO s continued employment. For further details about the CEO Option Award, see Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and Part III, Item 13. Executive Compensation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As of the opening of trading on March 9, 2021, the Class A Common Stock and warrants of View, Inc. (f/k/a CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II), began trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq as VIEW and VIEWW , respectively. 
 As previously disclosed, on November 30, 2020, CF II entered into separate Subscription Agreements with a number of subscribers (each an Initial Subscriber ), pursuant to which the Initial Subscribers agreed to purchase, and CF II agreed to sell to the Initial Subscribers, an aggregate of up to 30,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Initial PIPE Shares ), for a purchase price of 10.00 per share, and on January 11, 2021, CF II entered into a Subscription Agreement with an additional subscriber (the Additional Subscriber and together with the Initial Subscribers, the PIPE Subscribers ), pursuant to which the Additional Subscriber agreed to purchase, and CF II agreed to sell to the Additional Subscriber, up to 17,777,778 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Additional PIPE Shares and together with the Initial PIPE Shares, the PIPE Shares ). The closing of the sale of the PIPE Shares pursuant to the Subscription Agreements was contingent upon, among other customary closing conditions, including the substantially concurrent closing of the Merger (the Closing ). On March 8, 2021, substantially concurrently with the Closing, the sale of the PIPE Shares was consummated, pursuant to which (after taking into account open market purchases by the Initial Subscribers and the 9.85 cap applicable to the Additional Subscriber), the Initial Subscribers purchased an aggregate of 26,078,242 shares of Class A Common Stock and the Additional Subscriber purchased 16,024,914 shares of Class A Common Stock, for total gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 441.1 million. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The securities issued in connection with the PIPE Subscription Agreements have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 In the second quarter of 2021, the Company granted an aggregate amount of 257,625 restricted stock units for shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company to its independent directors. On May 14, 2021, Toby Cosgrove, Lisa Picard, Nigel Gormly, Harold Hughes and Tom Leppert, were each granted 27,662 RSUs, subject to time-based vesting conditions that vest in equal, quarterly installments over one year. On May 14, 2021, the Company granted RSUs to Mr. Hughes in the amount of 55,325 units and Mr. Leppert in the amount of 41,493 units. Such RSUs granted to Mr. Hughes and Mr. Leppert are subject to time-based vesting conditions and vest in equal installments over a three-year period with 33 to vest on each twelve-month anniversary of the grant date. On June 14, 2021, the Company granted Julie Larson-Green 22,497 RSUs, subject to time-based vesting conditions that vest in equal, quarterly installments over one year. Mr. Hughes and Mr. Leppert s remaining unvested RSUs were cancelled in connection with their resignations on February 22, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, 146,973 restricted stock units of these RSUs have vested. 
 On December 1, 2021, we issued 2,000,000 shares of unregistered Class A common stock to RXR Urban Workplaces LLC and a warrant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of Class A common Stock as consideration for the purchase of certain assets relating to the WorxWell business line. The View common stock issued is subject to a lockup period of the earlier of (i) December 1, 2026, (ii) View s common stock s closing price 60-day trailing average reaches 50.00 per share, or (iii) the Company undergoes a change in control. The warrant has an exercise price of 10.00 per share and may only be exercised on or after the earliest of (i) December 1, 2026 (ii) View s common stock s closing price 60-day trailing average reaches 50.00 per share, or (iii) the Company undergoes a change in control. 
 On August 5, 2022, the Company s board of directors, upon recommendation of the compensation committee, approved an amendment (the Amendment to the Officer RSUs under the 2021 Plan, which provided that, effective as of September 8, 2022, the market-based vesting conditions applicable to the Officer RSUs were no longer applicable, and the awards will continue to vest subject only to the time-based vesting conditions, subject to the executive s continued employment with the Company through each applicable vesting date. Any Officer RSUs that are not time-vested as of the date of the executive s termination of employment with the Company shall be forfeited and returned to the 2021 Plan. Except as expressly amended by the Amendment, all the terms and conditions of the Officer RSUs remained in full force and effect. As of December 31, 2022, 4,725,000 restricted stock units of the Officer RSUs have vested and 2,217,046 restricted stock units were withheld and retired in connection with tax withholding payments made by the Company on behalf of the Officers. 
 On October 25, 2022, the Company entered into the Investment Agreement, pursuant to which it agreed to sell 200.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes, with the option to sell an additional 40.0 million Notes, to the Purchasers in a private placement pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Company is selling the Convertible Notes to the Purchasers in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Company is relying on this exemption from registration based in part on representations made by the Purchasers in the Investment Agreement. The Company is issuing the Warrants in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Company is relying on this exemption from registration based in part on representations made by RXR FP in the Warrant Agreements. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 
 Information regarding our securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans will be included in Part III, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following management s discussion and analysis is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes, and for a full understanding of View s results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Overview 
 Our Business 
 We are a leading smart buildings platform and technology company that transforms buildings to improve human health and experience, reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions, and generate additional revenue for building owners. 
 Our innovative products are designed to enable people to lead healthier and more productive lives by increasing access to daylight and views, while minimizing associated glare and heat from the sun and keeping occupants comfortable. These products also simultaneously reduce energy consumption from lighting and HVAC, thus reducing carbon emissions. To achieve these benefits, we design, manufacture, and provide electrochromic or smart glass panels to which we add a 1 micrometer (~1/100th the thickness of human hair) proprietary electrochromic coating. These smart glass panels, in combination with our proprietary network infrastructure, software and algorithms, intelligently adjust in response to the sun by tinting from clear to dark states, and vice versa, to minimize heat and glare without ever blocking the view. In addition, we offer a suite of fully integrated, cloud-connected smart-building products that are designed to enable us to further optimize the human experience within buildings, improve cybersecurity, further reduce energy usage and carbon footprint, reduce real estate operating costs, provide real estate owners greater visibility into and control over the utilization of their assets, and provide a platform on which to integrate and deploy new technologies into buildings. 
 Our earlier generation products are described best as smart glass, which are primarily composed of three components that all work together to produce a solution: 
 the insulating glass unit; which is either double or triple pane with a micrometer semiconductor (or electrochromic) coating; 
 the network infrastructure; which is composed of the controllers, connectors, sensors, and cabling; and 
 the software: which includes the predictive algorithms, artificial intelligence, remote management tools, and user-facing iOS and Android apps, to control the tint of the glass. 
 After we completed installations in a few hundred buildings, we identified an opportunity to use our network infrastructure and cabling as the backbone on which different smart and connected devices in a typical building could operate. We believe customers using View Smart Glass can leverage our network as their building s operations technology infrastructure to reduce duplicative labor costs, reduce materials usage, provide better cyber security, improve visibility and management of connected devices, and future-proof the building through easy upgradability. 
 Recognizing the opportunity to significantly improve the human experience, energy performance and carbon footprint in buildings, and real estate operating costs through adoption of technology, we began selling a Smart Building Platform, which is a fully integrated smart window platform, to building owners starting in 2021. Concurrent with the commencement of the sales efforts, we also began hiring an extensive team of construction managers, project managers, and building specialists to enable us to work towards delivering the fully installed and integrated Smart Building Platform, which had historically been the responsibility of the general contractor s glazing and low-voltage electrician LVE subcontractors. 
 The Smart Building Platform includes end-to-end design and deployment services, and also enables next generation Smart Building Technologies. We began offering our Smart Building Platform for the following strategic reasons: 
 To optimize the design, aesthetics, energy performance and cost of the entire smart fa ade (or digital skin) of the building, rather than just one component (smart glass), thus benefiting both customers and us. 
 To elevate the window selection and purchase decision to a customer and decision maker that has a more global view of the project and is in a much better position to make an informed decision regarding all the benefits provided by our Smart Building Platform. 
 To accelerate the integration of new technologies into the fabric of the building. Today, this includes integrating environmental quality sensors and immersive, transparent, high-definition displays into smart windows. Importantly, our smart fa ade design enables future hardware and software upgrades into the building infrastructure. 
 We believe delivering a digital, connected fa ade and smart building platform will enable future business opportunities and pricing models as buildings, both existing and new, incorporate additional technology and connected products. 
 Our next generation, smart building network is designed as a scalable and open infrastructure in which the smart window is now another node of the network; in addition, the network is now equipped to host other connected devices and applications, from both us and third parties, as additional nodes on the network. The network has its own 48v direct current power and power-over-ethernet ports to incorporate other connected devices on a standard protocol. Also integrated into the network throughout the building is gigabit speed linear ethernet coaxial cable, as well as optical fiber. Computer processing is also built into the backbone of the network with x86 and ARM processing cores. The network also includes an operating system with 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 capabilities to run third party applications and services, security protocol to protect buildings from cyberattacks, and several elements of a digital twin of the building. Our smart building network also hosts artificial intelligence and machine learning engines, which we developed, and also provides access to artificial intelligence and machine learning engines that are in the cloud. The exterior of the building is the largest in surface area. With the smart building network, the entire exterior of the building can be digitized. Activating the exterior through digitization creates multiple opportunities for building owners and occupants. 
 This next generation, smart building network enables other devices and smart building applications to be built and connected to our smart building network. A few applications we have already built and deployed on our next generation network include: 
 Transparent Displays: View Immersive Display. Integrated into the smart window and connected to the same network as the glass, Immersive Display allows users to turn their windows into the equivalent of an iPad or tablet an interactive digital display that allows users a new way to digest multi-media content. Immersive Displays are large-format (55 inches and larger), digital, high-definition, interactive canvases that can be used to broadcast content, host video calls and display information and digital art to large groups of people, while maintaining a view of the outdoors through the window on which it is integrated. 
 Personalized Health: View Sense. An integrated, enterprise-grade, secure, sensor module that monitors multiple environmental variables (e.g., CO 2 , Temperature, Volatile Organic Compounds, Humidity, Dust, Light, and Noise) to provide illustrative data and information to building management teams in order to improve building performance and enhance human health and comfort. 
 Our R D continues to focus on not only improving the smart glass product but also on continually bringing more smart building applications and capabilities to market, as well as collaborating with other industry partners to integrate their devices and applications with our smart building network, with the aim of making building occupants more comfortable, healthier, and more productive, making buildings more sustainable, and providing better information to building owners to streamline operations and reduce operating costs. 
 In terms of the value propositions to our customers, our earlier generation smart glass product focused primarily on improving occupant experience and reducing energy costs through adjustments of the glass tint. The current generation of the product focuses not only on improving energy savings and user experience through smart glass; it also focuses on increasing occupant productivity, creating healthier buildings, and using data from other devices to develop broader insights that further improve building operations and reduce energy usage. Current scientific research supports that cognitive function and in turn, productivity goes up when building occupants are exposed to more natural light and comfortable workspaces; they sleep better, and they experience less eye strain, fewer headaches, and lower stress. In a study published in the International Journal of Environmental Health and Public Health in 2020, researchers at the University of Illinois and SUNY Upstate Medical University found that employees working next to View Smart Glass during the day slept 37 minutes longer each night, experienced half as many headaches, and performed 42 better on cognitive tests. The research was sponsored in part by us. 
 We also recognized that the new Smart Building Platform offering would potentially enable the company to move up the supply chain of the construction industry. Whereas our traditional offering placed us in the role of a supplier to subcontractors of the General Contractor GC ), the level of integration and oversight needed to ensure a quality installation and integration of the complete smart building platform is designed to incentivize building owners and GCs to engage directly with us, engaging us to assume the role of the prime contractor for the platform rather than supplier of subcomponent materials. This would also better position us to upsell additional goods and services to the building owners in the future, which could be more efficiently integrated into the smart building platform than with the traditional offering. 
 Today, our Smart Glass products are installed into over 48 million square feet of buildings, including offices, hospitals, airports, educational facilities, hotels, and multi-family residences. In addition to our Smart Building Platform, we continue to sell smart windows through our Smart Glass offering and several, individual smart building products through our Smart Building Technologies offerings. Across our combined product lines, our products are installed in 100 million square feet of buildings. 
 To date, we have devoted our efforts and resources towards the development, manufacture, and sale of our product platforms, which we believe have begun to show strong market traction. We have also devoted significant resources to enable our View Smart Building Platform, a new offering beginning in 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 our revenue was 101.3 million and 74.0 million respectively, representing period-over-period growth of 36.9 . 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Operating Results 
 Execution of Growth Strategies 
 We believe that we are just beginning to address our market opportunity, which we expect to be driven by four multi-decade, secular trends: (i) climate change, Environmental, Social and Governance ESG and sustainability, (ii) a growing focus on 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 human health inside buildings, (iii) an increased desire for better human experiences in buildings, and (iv) a growing demand for smart and connected buildings. 
 To capitalize on these trends and our market opportunity, we must execute on multiple growth initiatives, the success of which may depend on our ability to develop mainstream acceptance of our products, including (i) increasing awareness of our products and their benefits across major markets in North America and internationally, (ii) increasing recurring sales, (iii) expanding our product portfolio, (iv) expanding our sales channels to include real estate brokers, (v) continuing to develop strong relationships with ecosystem partners such as building owners, developers, tenants, architects, contractors, low voltage electricians and glaziers, and (vi) expanding outside North America into international markets. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was passed by Congress and signed into law by President Joe Biden. The IRA includes the implementation of a new alternative minimum tax, an excise tax on stock buybacks, and significant tax incentives for energy and climate incentives, and other provisions. The Investment Tax Credit ITC available to our customers under the IRA has increased demand for our products by reducing the net cost of our products to our customers. However, the full future impact of the ITC cannot be known with any certainty, and we may not recognize any or all of the expected benefits of the ITC. 
 While we believe that the prevailing secular trends will continue to drive adoption of smart glass, current macro-economic factors are having a negative impact on the overall real estate market including higher interest rates, uncertainty in the lending markets and post-COVID-19 pandemic office occupancy. The above growth strategies also depend upon our ability to continue as a going concern. As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company has determined that there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern, as the Company does not currently have adequate financial resources to fund its forecasted operating costs and meet its obligations for at least twelve months from the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As discussed further in Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, we raised additional capital of 206.3 million, after deducting fees and offering expenses, during the fourth quarter of 2022 through the issuance of Convertible Senior Pay In Kind PIK Toggle Notes (The Notes ). In order to reduce the cash used in operating activities, we implemented certain cost savings initiatives in the second half of 2022, as well as a restructuring plan in March 2023 as further discussed in Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. While these plans are anticipated to reduce cash outflow when compared to prior periods, our continued existence is dependent upon our ability to obtain additional financing, as well as to attain and maintain profitable operations by entering into profitable sales contracts and generating sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis. Our business will require a significant amount of capital investments to execute our long-term business plans. 
 Technology Innovation 
 With more than 1,400 patents and patent filings and over 14 years of research and development experience, we have a history of technological innovation. We have a strong research and development team, including employees with expertise in all aspects of the development process, including materials science, electronics, networking, hardware, software, and human factors research. Since inception, we have made significant investments in research and development and hiring top technical and engineering talent to improve our existing products and develop new products to increase our differentiation in the market. In 2021 and 2020, we introduced a new suite of products to complement our market-leading smart glass and optimize the human experience while making buildings more intelligent. These products are collectively referred to under the umbrella brand name The Smart Building Cloud : 
 View Net. Our next generation controls, software and services CSS ), a cloud-connected, network infrastructure offering that powers our smart glass products and can incorporate and power other smart building devices from us and other companies. This high bandwidth data and low voltage power network serves as the backbone to an intelligent building platform and provides future-proofing by enabling the addition of new capabilities during a building s lifetime. 
 View Immersive Display. Our transparent, digital, interactive surface product that incorporates see-through, high definition displays directly onto the smart window. 
 View Sense. Modules that provide the ability to measure and optimize light, humidity, temperature, air quality, dust and noise to improve occupant wellness. 
 View Secure Edge. Our plug-and-play edge-to-cloud solution that enables IT and digital innovation teams to securely connect new and existing buildings to the cloud; centrally manage building networks, systems, and data in the cloud; and deploy edge applications for real-time processing, insights, and optimizations. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 View Remote Access. Our secure access portal that enables IT teams to reduce the cost and cybersecurity risks of maintaining smart buildings by providing vendors and technicians with secure, auditable, time-bound remote access to building networks and devices. 
 View Building Performance. Our configurable application and web-based tool that enables building managers to measure, optimize and automate building performance with comprehensive, contextual, and actionable insights consolidated from disparate on-premises and cloud-based systems. 
 View Workplace Experience. Our configurable application and web-based tool that enables corporate facilities managers to create healthier, more efficient, and more productive workplaces by uncovering actionable insights related to building health, space utilization and workplace operations. 
 With the completed launch and ramp of our fourth-generation smart glass product and our Smart Building Platform product, as well as the launch of new product offerings in our Smart Building Technologies behind us, we have recently determined to reduce the level of spend in research and development as we focus on the profitability of our business. As such, we anticipate a moderation of our research and development expenses in future periods. 
 Competition 
 We compete in the commercial window industry and the electrochromic glass industry, as well as within the larger smart building products industry, each of which is highly competitive and continually evolving as participants strive to distinguish themselves within their markets, including through product improvement, addition of new features, and price. We believe that our main sources of competition are existing commercial window manufacturers, electrochromic glass manufacturers, and companies developing smart building products and intrusion detection solution technologies. We believe the primary competitive factors in our markets are: 
 Technological innovation; 
 Ability to integrate multiple systems efficiently and effectively; 
 Product performance; 
 Product quality, durability, and price; 
 Execution track record; and 
 Manufacturing efficiency. 
 Capacity 
 We currently manufacture the insulating glass units IGUs included in the View Smart Glass and View Smart Building Platform product offerings at our production facility located in Olive Branch, Mississippi. We operate a sophisticated manufacturing facility designed for performance, scale, durability, and repeatability. Our manufacturing combines talent, equipment, and processes from the semiconductor, flat panel display, solar and glass processing industries. Our proprietary manufacturing facility has been in use since 2010. We currently operate one production line in our facility with a name-plate capacity of approximately 5 million square feet of smart glass per year. In addition, we have partially completed the construction of a second production line at our Olive Branch facility. Once operational, we expect our facility s name-plate capacity to increase by an additional 7.5 million square feet of smart glass per year, bringing our total name-plate capacity of our facility to 12.5 million square feet per year. We believe our manufacturing facility will enable us to achieve economies of scale, meet future demand, and achieve profitability. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have invested over 400 million in capital expenditures primarily in our factory. We expect to incur additional factory capital expenditure of up to approximately 90 million in future periods with respect to facility automation and completion of the second production line to support the expected growth in demand for our products. This will require additional financing in order to make these additional investments. We believe our facility, including the second production line, will enable us to achieve economies of scale, meet future demand, and achieve profitability. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 View Smart Building Platform 
 We generate revenue by providing customers with a fully functional Smart Building Platform, a complete interrelated and integrated platform that combines our smart glass IGUs, the fabrication, unitization and installation of the framing of those IGUs, and installation of the completed smart glass windows and CSS components. We enter into contracts to provide our View 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Smart Building Platform with our customers, which typically are the owners, tenants or developers of buildings, or the general contractor acting on behalf of our customers. 
 The contract with the customer outlines our rights and obligations, including specifications of the integrated platform to be provided. We take responsibility for all activities needed to fulfill our single performance obligation of transferring control to the customer of a fully operational Smart Building Platform deliverable; from design, fabrication, installation, integration, commissioning, and testing. Underlying these activities is our responsibility for performing an essential and significant service of integrating each of the inputs of the completed solution. Given that View is responsible for providing the service of integrating each of the inputs into a single combined output, View controls that output before it is transferred to the customer and accordingly, View is the principal in the arrangement and will recognize the entire arrangement fee as its revenue, with any fees that View pays to its subcontractors recognized in its cost of revenue. 
 Our View Smart Building Platform contracts to deliver a fully installed and functioning smart window curtain wall platform are typically considered one performance obligation that is satisfied as construction progresses. We recognize revenue over time as we provide services to satisfy our performance obligation. These contracts are typically long-term in nature and services are provided over an extended period transcending multiple financial reporting periods. 
 We determine the transaction price based on the consideration expected to be received, which is the contract price. When the contract contains payment terms that are extended beyond one year or other financing arrangements in conjunction with the contract, a significant financing component may exist. In such cases, we adjust the contract price at an amount that reflects the cash selling price. Payment terms may vary but are generally net 30 days from request for payment. 
 We recognize revenue over time using a cost-to-cost input method where progress on the performance obligation is measured by the proportion of actual costs incurred to the total costs expected to complete the contract. Recognizing revenue using a cost-to-cost input method provides an objective measure of progress and thereby best depicts the extent of transfer of control to the customer. Management judgment is required to estimate the progress towards completion. Significant changes in this estimate could affect the profitability of our contracts. Changes to estimated profit on contracts are recognized using a cumulative catch-up adjustment which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a contract s progress towards fulfillment of the performance obligation. When the total estimated costs to be incurred for a contract exceed the transaction price, an accrual for the loss on the contract is recognized as cost of revenue in the period the contract is signed, and adjusted periodically as estimates are revised. As actual costs are incurred that are in excess of revenue recognized, they are recorded against the loss accrual, which is therefore reduced. 
 View Smart Glass 
 We also generate revenue as a materials provider from the (i) manufacturing and sale of View Smart Glass IGUs and (ii) selling the View Smart Glass CSS components that when combined with the IGUs enable the IGUs to tint. View Smart Glass CSS revenues also includes a system design document that lays out the design of the IGUs and CSS components and a commissioning service in which the installed IGUs and CSS components are tested, and tinting configurations are set by us. Smart Glass products are designed and fabricated by us in order to meet the building-site specifications of the end user, which is typically the owner, tenant or developer of buildings. When the end user approves of the use of our products, a non-binding letter of understanding with the owner, tenant or developer is signed. 
 We subsequently enter into the legally enforceable supplier contracts with our customers, which are typically glaziers for IGUs and low-voltage electricians LVE or General Contractors GC for CSS, to deliver the Smart Glass products and services. The glaziers and LVEs are both subcontracted by the end user and are responsible for the design of the integrated platform, as well as assembly and installation of the IGUs and the CSS electrical components. As such, for this product offering, we serve as a materials provider to our customers and do not have a role in the assembly nor the installation of the framed IGUs. We enter into separate legally binding agreements with both the glazier and the LVE or GC, who are unrelated parties and therefore such contracts cannot be combined and accounted for as a single contract. We perform a commissioning service under the CSS contract after our customers have completed installation of the IGUs and CSS electrical components. 
 Contracts with glaziers for IGUs include the promise to provide multiple customized IGUs. Each IGU represents a distinct and separate single performance obligation as the customer can benefit from each unit on its own. Each unit is separately identifiable and does not modify or customize other units. We determine the transaction price based on the consideration expected to be received, which is generally the contractual selling price. Since the IGUs are customized to meet the building-site specifications of the ultimate end customer and have no alternative use to us and we have contractually enforceable rights to proportionate payment of the transaction price for performance completed to date, we recognize revenue over time as each IGU is manufactured using a cost-to-cost input method. Recognizing revenue using a cost-to-cost input method best depicts the Company s performance in transferring control of the IGUs to the customer. 
 Contracts to deliver CSS to the customer, typically LVEs or GCs, contain multiple performance obligations for each promise in the CSS arrangement which is capable of being distinct and is separately identifiable in the context of the contract. This 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 assessment requires management to make judgments about the individual promised good and service and whether each good and service is separable from the other goods and services in the contract. We determine the transaction price based on the consideration expected to be received, which is generally the contractual selling price. We allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price SSP ). Management judgment is required in determining the SSP for contracts that contain products and services for which revenue is recognized both over time and at a point in time, and where such revenue recognition transcends multiple financial reporting periods due to the timing of delivery of such products and services. SSP is estimated based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. We recognize revenue allocated to each performance obligation at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of the promised good or service to a customer. For the control panels and electrical components, transfer of control generally occurs at a point in time upon shipment or delivery of the product and revenue is recognized upon shipment. For the system design, transfer of control generally occurs upon customer acceptance and revenue is recognized upon customer acceptance. For the commissioning services, which have a relatively short period of time over which the services are provided, transfer of control generally occurs upon acceptance of the installed products by the end user and revenue is recognized upon customer acceptance. 
 When the contract contains payment terms that are extended beyond one year or we enter into loan or financing arrangement in conjunction with the contract, a significant financing component may exist. In such cases, we adjust the contract price at an amount that reflects the cash selling price. We use a discount rate representing a borrowing rate had a separate financing transaction been entered between the two parties based on the customer s creditworthiness. 
 In limited circumstances, we contract to provide extended or enhanced warranties of our products outside of the terms of its standard assurance warranty, which are recognized as revenue over the respective term of the respective extended or enhanced warranty period. 
 View Smart Building Technologies 
 View Smart Building Technologies includes a suite of products that can be either integrated into the View Smart Building Platform, added-on to View Smart Glass contracts or sold separately. Our customers are typically the owners or tenants of buildings. Some of our View Smart Building Technologies contracts offer software as a service pricing, which includes the use of our software applications, as a service, typically billed on a monthly or annual basis. The Company s contracts associated with these products, including implementation, support and other services, represent a single promise to provide continuous access to its software solutions and their processing capabilities in the form of a service. Revenue on these services is recognized over the contract period. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of the costs to manufacture and source our products, including the costs of materials, customer support, outside services, shipping, personnel expenses including salaries and related personnel expenses and stock-based compensation expense, equipment and facility expenses including depreciation of manufacturing equipment, rent and utilities, and insurance and taxes, warranty costs, and inventory valuation provisions. 
 The primary factor that impacts our cost of revenue as a percentage of revenues is the significant base operating costs that we incur as a result of our investment in manufacturing capacity to provide for future demand. At current production volume, these significant base operating costs result in higher costs to manufacture each IGU when compared to the sales price per IGU. As demand for our products increases and we achieve higher production yields, our cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue will decrease. Additional factors that impact our cost of revenue as a percentage of revenues include manufacturing efficiencies, cost of material, and mix of products. We expect to continue to incur significant base operating costs that will be absorbed over larger volumes of production as we scale our business. Following the restructuring plan discussed in Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, we have reduced certain of these base operating costs as we focus on running an efficient business. 
 Cost of revenues also includes the cost of subcontractors engaged to fabricate and unitize the specific smart glass products and for installation of IGUs and smart building infrastructure components. Further, and in contrast to View Smart Glass contracts in which losses associated with IGUs are recognized over time, our cost of revenue for our Smart Building Platform contracts includes the recognition of contract losses recorded upfront at contract execution within an initial loss accrual when the total current estimated costs for these contracts exceeds total contracted revenue. Revenue for these contracts is recognized as progress is made toward fulfillment of the performance obligation and cost of revenue is recognized equal to the revenue recognized. Actual costs incurred in excess of the revenue recognized are recorded against the initial loss accrual, which is then reduced. Given the growing nature of our business, we incur significant base operating costs attributable to our IGU production costs, which is a significant factor to the losses on these contracts. As we continue to ramp up our manufacturing volumes, we expect to absorb these base operating costs over larger volumes of production; therefore, we expect that the contract loss for individual contracts will decrease over time as a percentage of the total contract value. These economies of production have not 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 been realized to date and the total amount of contract losses may not decrease in the near term as we continue to grow our business. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs related to research, design, maintenance, and enhancements of our products, including software, that are expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for salaries and related personnel expenses, including stock-based compensation expense, for personnel related to the development of improvements and expanded features for our products, materials and supplies used in development and testing, payments to consultants, outside manufacturers, patent related legal costs, facility costs and depreciation. With the completed launch and ramp of our fourth-generation smart glass product and our Smart Building Platform product, as well as the launch of new product offerings in our Smart Building Technologies behind us, we have recently determined to reduce the level of spend in research and development as we focus on the profitability of our business as part of our restructuring plan discussed in Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. As such, we anticipate a moderation of our research and development expenses in future periods. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related personnel expenses, including stock-based compensation, costs related to sales and marketing, finance, legal and human resource functions, contractor and professional services fees, audit and compliance expenses, insurance costs, advertising and promotional expenses and general corporate expenses, including facilities and information technology expenses. 
 We expect our selling, general, and administrative expenses to decrease in absolute dollars in 2023 following our restructuring plan discussed in Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data as we right-size the business while focusing our presence in key geographies to support our customers and growing business and run an efficient business. Over time, we expect our selling, general and administrative expenses to decline as a percentage of revenue as we leverage these costs. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net consists primarily of interest paid on our debt facilities and amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs, net of interest income primarily received or earned on our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment balances. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Other expense, net primarily consists of penalties we expect to incur for the settlement of an environmental matter in 2021, foreign exchange gains and losses, and realized gains and losses from the sale of short-term investments. 
 Gain on Fair Value Change, Net 
 Our Sponsor Earn-out Shares, Private Placement Warrants and redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants are or were subject to remeasurement to fair value at each balance sheet date. Changes in fair value as a result of the remeasurement are recognized in gain on fair value change, net in the consolidated statements of operations. The redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants were converted to common stock as a result of the Merger. We will continue to adjust the remaining outstanding instruments for changes in fair value until the Earn-Out Triggering Events are met, the earlier of the exercise or expiration of the Warrants. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt comprises a loss arising from the extinguishment of debt as a result of repayment in full of our revolving debt facility in fiscal year 2021. 
 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 Our provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of an estimate of federal, state, and foreign income taxes based on enacted federal, state, and foreign tax rates, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions, uncertain tax positions, changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax law. Due to the level of historical losses, we maintain a valuation allowance against U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets as we have concluded it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our historical operating results for the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Amount net of sales Amount net of sales Revenue 101,328 100.0 74,007 100.0 Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue 203,157 200.5 194,714 263.1 Research and development 70,320 69.4 93,477 126.3 Selling, general, and administrative 159,688 157.6 131,214 177.3 Impairment of goodwill (Note 6) 9,097 9.0 Total costs and expenses 442,262 436.5 419,405 566.7 Loss from operations (340,934) (336.5) (345,398) (466.7) Interest and other expense (income), net Interest expense, net 2,926 2.9 5,889 8.0 Other expense, net 367 0.4 6,355 8.6 Gain on fair value change, net (7,285) (7.2) (24,290) (32.8) Loss on extinguishment of debt 10,018 13.5 Interest and other (income) expense, net (3,992) (3.9) (2,028) (2.7) Loss before provision (benefit) of income taxes (336,942) (332.5) (343,370) (464.0) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 147 0.1 (392) (0.5) Net and comprehensive loss (337,089) (332.7) (342,978) (463.4) 
 
 Revenue 
 The following table presents our revenue by major product offering (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change ) Change ) Smart Building Platform 55,356 28,686 26,670 93.0 Percentage of total revenue 54.6 38.8 Smart Glass 34,982 41,740 (6,758) (16.2) Percentage of total revenue 34.5 56.4 Smart Building Technologies 10,990 3,581 7,409 206.9 Percentage of total revenue 10.8 4.8 Total 101,328 74,007 27,321 36.9 
 The following table presents our revenue by geographic area and is based on the shipping address of the customers (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change ) Change ) United States 91,132 63,519 27,613 43.5 Percentage of total revenue 89.9 85.8 Canada 10,128 9,555 573 6.0 Percentage of total revenue 10.0 12.9 Other 68 933 (865) (92.7) Percentage of total revenue 0.1 1.3 Total 101,328 74,007 27,321 36.9 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, total revenue of 101.3 million represented an increase of 27.3 million or 36.9 from 74.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily driven by a shift to the new View Smart Building Platform, offering introduced in the second quarter of 2021 and new Smart Building Technologies products, including 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 the products acquired in the second half of 2021. The decline in Smart Glass revenues year over year is primarily attributable to our customer's decisions to select the newly offered Smart Building Platform offering rather than Smart Glass offering. 
 
 Costs and Expenses 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change ) Change ) Cost of revenue 203,157 194,714 8,443 4.3 
 Cost of revenue totaled 203.2 million, or 200.5 of net sales, in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 194.7 million, or 263.1 of net sales, in the year ended December 31, 2021. The cost of revenue decrease as a percentage of revenues during this period reflects the benefit of leveraging the minimum operating costs in the factory over higher revenues, favorable product mix across the three product offerings and lower levels of contract loss accruals. 
 The 8.4 million decrease in the cost of revenue in absolute dollars during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by: 
 a 22.4 million decrease in new contract loss accruals primarily due to improved profitability on new Smart Building Platform contracts year over year; 
 an increase of 4.7 million for the usage of previously recorded contract loss accruals for actual costs incurred in excess of the revenue recognized, which offsets actual costs incurred in the production and delivery of the Smart Building Platform product for the amount incurred in excess of revenues recognized; 
 a 6.1 million reduction in post-installation customer support costs, primarily due to a 4.8 million charge recorded in the first half of 2021 in connection with specific performance obligations promised to customers in connection with IGU failures associated with the previously discussed quality issue; 
 approximately 2.8 million lower materials costs due to favorable factory yields; 
 approximately 2.0 million of lower levels of smart window product costs due to lower revenues; and 
 a 3.1 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense. 
 This decrease was partially offset by: 
 4.6 million net increase to factory operating costs primarily due to the scaling of our factory capacity in the second half of 2021 resulting in higher costs in the first half of 2022 as compared to the first half of 2021, partially offset by cost savings initiatives implemented in the second half of 2022; 
 39.8 million of increased subcontractor costs used for the delivery of the Smart Building Platform product due to higher volumes in the current year; and 
 3.8 million of higher levels of inventory impairments for raw materials and produced finished goods that were not sold at period end. 
 Cost of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included 1.8 million and 4.9 million of stock-based compensation expense, respectively. 
 
 Research and Development 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change ) Change ) Research and development 70,320 93,477 (23,157) (24.8) 
 Research and development expenses decreased 23.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a 17.8 million reduction in depreciation expense primarily related to certain assets abandoned and written off in the second and third quarters of 2021, a 3.6 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense, and a 2.7 million decrease due to lower spending on the enhancement of existing products and development and enhancement of Smart Building Technology products. 
 Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included 5.1 million and 8.7 million of stock-based compensation expense, respectively. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, General, and Administrative 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change ) Change ) Selling, general and administrative 159,688 131,214 28,474 21.7 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 28.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase of approximately 10.7 million of legal, consulting and accounting expenses year over year due to the restatement of the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the three months ended March 31, 2021, and other related work, a 6.0 million increase in stock-based compensation primarily due to the modification of the Officer RSUs that removed the market-based vesting conditions and resulted in incremental compensation cost recognized in August 2022, and an 8.2 million increase for employee compensation and benefits associated with an increase in headcount, particularly as it relates to sales support for our growing business, and incentive compensation. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included 65.9 million and 60.0 million of stock-based compensation expense, respectively. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change ) Change ) Impairment of goodwill 9,097 9,097 100.0 
 The results of our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2022 did not indicate any impairment of goodwill. During the fourth quarter of 2022, subsequent to our annual goodwill impairment analysis, we experienced a sustained decline in our stock price resulting in our market capitalization being less than the carrying value of our reporting unit. We therefore determined it appropriate to perform an interim quantitative assessment of our reporting unit as of December 31, 2022. As a result, we determined that the carrying value of our reporting unit exceeded its fair value and recorded an impairment of goodwill of 9.1 million during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The results of our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2021 did not indicate any impairment of goodwill and no events or changes in circumstances indicated that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable as of December 31, 2021. As such, there was no impairment of goodwill or intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Interest and Other Expense, net 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change ) Change ) Interest expense, net 2,926 5,889 (2,963) (50.3) Other expense, net 367 6,355 (5,988) (94.2) Gain on fair value change, net (7,285) (24,290) 17,005 (70.0) Loss on extinguishment of debt 10,018 (10,018) (100.0) 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net decreased 3.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease primarily relates to 4.6 million in interest expense on the revolving debt facility that was repaid in full at Closing during the first quarter of 2021 and 1.9 million increase in interest income primarily related to short term investments purchased during the fourth quarter of 2022, partially offset by 3.7 million in interest expense on the Convertible Notes that were issued during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Other expense, net decreased 6.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease is primarily due to 5.0 million of penalties incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 in conjunction with the proposed settlement between View and the United States government to resolve claims and charges against View relating to our discharges of water into publicly owned treatment works without first obtaining a pretreatment permit. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further discussion of this matter. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Gain on Fair Value Change, Net 
 The gain on fair value change, net during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was primarily related to changes in the fair value of our Sponsor Earn-Out liability and our redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants prior to their conversion in the first quarter of 2021. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a loss of 10.0 million on debt extinguishment related to the full repayment of the revolving debt facility at Closing. 
 
 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 The provision (benefit) for income taxes did not fluctuate materially during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 95.9 million in cash and cash equivalents, 102.3 million in short term investments and 183.7 million in working capital. The Company s accumulated deficit totaled 2,594.4 million as of December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a net loss of approximately 337.1 million and 343.0 million, respectively, and negative cash flows from operations of approximately 259.7 million and 261.3 million, respectively. We have determined that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, as we do not currently have adequate financial resources to fund our forecasted operating costs and meet our obligations for at least twelve months from the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We have historically financed our operations through the issuance and sale of redeemable convertible preferred stock, the issuance of debt financing, the gross proceeds associated with the Merger and revenue generation from product sales. As discussed further in Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, we raised additional capital of 206.3 million, after deducting fees and offering expenses, during the fourth quarter of 2022 through the issuance of the Convertible Notes. In order to reduce the cash used in operating activities, we implemented certain cost savings initiatives in the second half of 2022, as well as a restructuring plan in March 2023 as further discussed in Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Our principal uses of cash in recent periods have been funding operations and investing in capital expenditures. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including revenue growth rate, achieving profitability on our revenue contracts, the timing and the amount of cash received from customers, capital expenditures associated with our capacity expansion, and the continuing market adoption of our products. Our business will require significant amounts of capital to sustain operations and we will require a significant amount of capital investments to execute our long-term business plans. 
 While we recently raised additional financing during 2022, there can be no assurance that future necessary financing will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we raise funds in the future by issuing equity securities, such as through the sale of our common stock under the common stock purchase agreements (the Purchase Agreements discussed further in Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, dilution to stockholders will occur and may be substantial. Any equity securities issued may also provide for rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of holders of common stock. If we raise funds in the future by issuing additional debt securities, these debt securities could have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of preferred and common stockholders. The terms of any additional debt securities or borrowings could impose significant restrictions on our operations. The capital markets have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, periods of upheaval that could impact the availability and cost of equity and debt financing. In addition, recent and anticipated future increases in federal fund rates set by the Federal Reserve, which serve as a benchmark for rates on borrowing, will continue to impact the cost of debt financing. 
 Our total current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 are 112.5 million, including 10.4 million accrued as estimated loss on our Smart Building Platform contracts. Our long-term liabilities as of December 31, 2022 that will come due during the next 12 months from the date of the issuance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K include 1.4 million in operating and finance lease payments and 2.3 million in estimated settlements of warranty liabilities. In addition, as disclosed in Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, we have an agreement with one customer that could result in up to 3.0 million additional issuance of cash under a promissory note over the next 12 months. 
 In order to reduce the cash used in operating activities, we implemented certain cost savings initiatives in the second half of 2022, as well as a restructuring plan in March 2023 as further discussed in Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. When combined, we expect these plans will result in annualized cash savings of approximately 50 million that will be fully in place beginning in the third 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 quarter of 2023. While our plans are anticipated to reduce cash outflow when compared to prior periods, our continued existence is dependent upon our ability to obtain additional financing, as well as to attain and maintain profitable operations by entering into profitable sales contracts and generating sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations on a timely basis. Further, we are continuing to evaluate the impact of the ITC available to our customers under the IRA passed by Congress and signed into law on August 16, 2022, which management expects to bring the cost of our products to cost parity with conventional windows. Management further expects a resulting increase in demand for our products, allowing us to leverage our minimum operating costs in the factory even further over higher revenues and make further progress towards our objective of profitable operations. 
 If we are unable to obtain adequate capital resources to fund operations by raising additional capital and attaining and maintaining profitable operations, we would not be able to continue to operate our business pursuant to our current business plan, which would require us to modify our operations to further reduce spending by, among other things, delaying, scaling back or eliminating some or all of our ongoing or planned investments in corporate infrastructure, business development, sales and marketing, research and development and other activities, which would have a material impact on our operations and our ability to increase revenues, or we may be forced to discontinue our operations entirely. 
 
 Debt 
 6.00 / 9.00 Convertible Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2027 (the Convertible Notes 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed a private placement of 212.3 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes, which will mature on October 1, 2027. The net proceeds from the sale of the Convertible Notes were approximately 206.3 million, after deducting fees and estimated offering expenses. We intend to use the net proceeds from this sale for general corporate purposes. 
 The Convertible Notes bear interest at 6.00 per annum, to the extent paid in cash Cash Interest ), which is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1st and October 1st of each year or 9.00 per annum through the issuance of additional Convertible Notes PIK Interest ). The Convertible Notes are convertible, based on the applicable conversion rate, into cash, shares of View, Inc. Common Stock or a combination thereof, at our election. The initial conversion rate was 747.6636 shares per 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Notes, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment in certain circumstances, which represented an initial conversion price of approximately 1.3375 per share. 
 For additional information on the Convertible Notes, refer to Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Term Loan 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 14.0 million outstanding under our term loan debt arrangement. On October 22, 2020, we entered into an amended and restated debt arrangement with the lender, which temporarily suspended the payments until June 30, 2022. Starting June 30, 2022, we were required to make semi-annual payments of 0.7 million through June 30, 2032. As of December 31, 2022, 1.5 million of the outstanding amount under this arrangement has been classified as a current liability, and the remaining 12.5 million has been classified as a long-term liability. 
 The debt arrangement required us to invest certain amounts in land, building and equipment and create a certain number of jobs. As of December 31, 2022, we had met the requirements. The debt arrangement, as amended, has customary affirmative and negative covenants. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table provides a summary of cash flow data (in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (259,691) (261,313) Net cash used in investing activities (124,389) (31,037) Net cash provided by financing activities 200,702 515,200 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 259.7 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The most significant component of our cash used during this period was a net loss of 337.1 million adjusted for non-cash charges of 72.8 million related to stock-based compensation, 24.0 million related to depreciation and amortization and 9.1 million related to the impairment of goodwill, partially offset by 7.3 million non-cash gain related to change in fair value of our Sponsor Earn-Out liability and other derivative liabilities. This cash outflow was increased further by 26.4 million from changes in operating assets and liabilities, primarily due to a 12.2 million increase in accounts receivable as a result of increased revenue and timing of collections, a 9.5 million increase in prepaid and other current assets as a result of increases in deposits paid to our materials 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 suppliers to secure inventory availability and increases in contract assets with customers, a 7.1 million increase in inventory to secure availability to meet increased demand and a 2.4 million increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities, including a 5.7 million reduction to loss accruals for work performed during fiscal year 2022, a 5.1 million reduction in general accruals and a 2.7 million reduction in warranty accruals primarily related to settlements during 2022, offset by a 15.9 million increase in subcontractor accruals associated with the delivery of the Smart Building Platform product as a result of higher volumes in the current year. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 261.3 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The most significant component of our cash used during this period was a net loss of 343.0 million adjusted for non-cash charges of 73.6 million related to stock-based compensation, 41.8 million related to depreciation and amortization, and 10.0 million related to a loss on extinguishment of debt, partially offset by 24.3 million on-cash gain related to change in fair value of our Sponsor Earn-Out liability and other derivative liabilities. This cash outflow was increased further by 21.4 million from changes in operating assets and liabilities, primarily due to an 18.2 million increase in accounts receivable as a result of increased revenue and timing of collections and a 17.2 million increase in prepaid and other current assets as a result of increases in contract assets with customers for the new View Smart Building Platform offering and increases in short term deposits with suppliers consistent with the growth of operations. These increases to cash outflows were partially offset by a 10.2 million increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities as a result of an increase in accruals for expenses also consistent with the growth of operations. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 124.4 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which was primarily due to purchases of short-term investments of 140.6 million, purchases of property plant and equipment of 15.8 million and cash disbursement under a note receivable of 7.0 million, partially offset by proceeds from the maturity from short-term investments of 39.0 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 31.0 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was due to purchases of property, plant and equipment of 26.1 million and cash paid for acquisitions of 4.9 million. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 200.7 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which was primarily due to proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes of 206.2 million, net of transaction costs, partially offset by 3.5 million payment of tax withholdings paid on behalf of employees for net share settlement of equity awards, as well as finance lease and long-term debt payments of 2.0 million. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 515.2 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily due to proceeds related to the reverse recapitalization and PIPE offering of 773.5 million, net of transaction costs, partially offset by repayment in full of our revolving debt facility of 257.5 million. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 During the periods presented, we did not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, including entities sometimes referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 
 During the course of business, the Company's bank issues standby letters of credit on behalf of the Company to certain vendors and other third parties of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total value of the letters of credit issued by the bank are 15.7 million and 16.5 million, respectively. No amounts have been drawn under the standby letter of credit. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of these financial statements. The accounting policies described below are significantly affected by critical accounting estimates. Such accounting policies require significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements, and actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported based on these policies. 
 We believe the following accounting estimates to be most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition 
 
 View Smart Glass 
 We have historically generated revenue as a materials provider from (i) the manufacturing and sale of View Smart Glass IGUs that are coated on the inside with our proprietary technology and are designed, programmed, and built to customer specifications that include sizes for specific windows, skylights, and doors in specified or designated areas of a building and (ii) selling the View Smart Glass controls, software and services CSS ), which includes sky sensors, window controllers and control panels with embedded software, cables and connectors, that when combined with the IGUs enable the IGUs to tint. Also included in CSS is a system design service, in which a design document is prepared to lay out the IGUs and CSS hardware for the building, as well as a commissioning service, in which the installed IGUs and CSS components are tested and tinting configurations are set by the Company. 
 Our contracts to deliver IGUs contain multiple performance obligations for each customized IGU. Revenue is recognized over time as each IGU is manufactured. While management judgment is required in estimating the future costs necessary to complete each IGU, the amount of work in process at the end of any financial reporting period has historically been insignificant. The Company therefore does not consider this a significant estimate. 
 Our contracts to deliver CSS contain multiple performance obligations for each promise in the CSS arrangement. Transaction price is allocated among the performance obligations in a manner that reflects the consideration that we expect to be entitled to for the promised goods or services based on standalone selling prices SSP ). Management judgment is required in determining SSP for contracts that contain products and services for which revenue is recognized both over time and at a point in time, and where such revenue recognition transcends multiple financial reporting periods due to the timing of delivery of such products and services. SSP is estimated based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. If the SSP is not observable through past transactions, we apply judgment to estimate it taking into account available information, such as internally approved pricing guidelines with respect to geographies, customer type, internal costs, and gross margin objectives, for the related performance obligations. We recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised goods or services in a contract with a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. The allocation of transaction price for CSS contracts with performance obligations that cross multiple periods has not historically risen to a level that could have a material impact to reported revenues. The Company therefore does not consider this a significant estimate. 
 
 View Smart Building Platform 
 During 2021, we entered into and commenced work on the first contract under our new offering, View Smart Building Platform, a complete interrelated and integrated platform that combines our smart glass IGUs, the fabrication, unitization and installation of the framing of those IGUs, and installation of the completed smart glass windows and CSS components into a fully functional Smart Building Platform. We enter into contracts to provide our View Smart Building Platform with our customers, which typically are the owners, tenants or developers of buildings, or the general contractor acting on behalf of our customers. 
 In contrast to the View Smart Glass product delivery method, View is the principal party responsible for delivering the fully integrated Smart Building Platform. In doing so, View takes responsibility for all activities needed to fulfill its single performance obligation of transferring control to the customer of a fully operational Smart Building Platform deliverable; from design, fabrication, installation, integration, commissioning, and testing. Underlying these activities is View s responsibility for performing an essential and significant service of integrating each of the inputs of its completed solution. These inputs include View s smart network infrastructure and IGUs, both of which are integrated into the window glazing system, which is fabricated by an unrelated subcontractor contracted by View to work on its behalf, as well as designing how the entire Smart Building Platform will be integrated and installed into the customer s architectural specifications for the building that is being constructed or retrofitted. View s integration services also include the activities of installing, commissioning and testing the Smart Building Platform to enable the transfer of a complete and operational system. The Company also uses subcontractors it selects and hires for portions of the installation labor. Given that View is responsible for providing the service of integrating each of the inputs into a single combined output, View controls that output before it is transferred to the customer and accordingly, View is the principal in the arrangement and will recognize the entire arrangement fee as its revenue, with any fees that View pays to its subcontractors recognized in its cost of revenue. 
 The pricing for a Smart Building Platform project is primarily driven by the make-up, size, shape, total units of the IGU, associated CSS, and costs associated with the management and performance of system design, fabrication, unitization and installation efforts. View assumes the risk of delivery and performance of the Smart Building Platform to its customer, and manages this through three key elements to ensure a pleasant end-user experience: 1) View has a contractual right and obligation to direct the activities of the subcontractors; 2) View performs quality inspections; and 3) View engages qualified personnel to protect the company s interest and direct the actions of the subcontractors. The end product to the customer is a 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 single-solution Smart Building Platform that uses artificial intelligence to adjust the building environment to improve occupant health and productivity, as well as reduce building energy usage and carbon footprint. 
 Our View Smart Building Platform contracts to deliver a fully installed and functioning smart window curtain wall platform are typically considered one performance obligation that is satisfied as construction progresses. We recognize revenue over time as we provide services to satisfy our performance obligation. These contracts are typically long-term in nature and services are provided over an extended period transcending multiple financial reporting periods. We generally use a cost-to-cost input method to measure progress as it best depicts how control transfers to our customers. 
 The estimates used in the cost-to-cost input method are based on a comparison of the contract expenditures incurred to the estimated final costs. We believe the cost-to-cost input method is a faithful depiction of the transfer of goods and services as changes in job performance and estimated profitability, which result in revisions to costs and income, are recognized in the period in which the revisions are determined. When estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed total estimates of the transaction price, a provision for the entire loss is determined at the contract level and is recorded in the period in which we enter into the contract and adjusted periodically as estimates are revised. 
 The estimated future costs associated with the View Smart Building Platform contracts are a critical estimate when determining timing and amount of revenue recognition. Such costs are primarily related to the future cost to manufacture and source the smart glass IGUs and CSS components, future subcontractor costs associated with the fabrication, unitization and installation of the framing of the IGUs, future subcontractor costs to install the completed smart glass windows and CSS components, and future personnel costs associated with construction management. The costs to manufacture the smart glass IGUs are based on future production costs for IGUs, which take into consideration the Company s expectations regarding future reductions in the total cost due to planned cost savings, as well as fixed cost absorption as production increases. In addition, the impacts of delays of the contract, change orders and supply chain issues may impact the total future costs incurred for each project. Actual total costs incurred to date are subject to review by the customer or one of its representatives, which assists management in validating these actual costs used in the determination of timing and amount of revenue recognition. 
 If actual costs differ substantially from our estimates, revisions to the estimated loss associated with the project is recognized in the period incurred and could also result in changes to the estimated contract loss accrual. The total change in estimated costs from initial estimates was not material for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. If there were a 10 change in future estimated costs for all Smart Building Platform contracts as of December 31, 2022, the impact to Cost of revenue would be approximately 9.5 million. 
 Product Warranties 
 In fiscal year 2019, we identified a quality issue with certain material purchased from one of our suppliers utilized in the manufacturing of certain IGUs and immediately stopped using the affected materials upon identification of the issue. We have replaced and expect to continue to replace the affected IGUs related to this quality issue for the remainder of the period covered by the warranty. We developed a statistical model to analyze the risk of failure of the affected IGUs and predict the potential number of future failures that may occur during the remaining warranty period, as well as the timing of the expected failures. Management judgment is necessary to determine the distribution fit and covariates utilized in the statistical model, as well as the relative tolerance to declare convergence. The statistical model considers the volume, data patterns, and other characteristics associated with the failed IGUs as well as the IGUs that had not yet failed as of each financial reporting period. These characteristics include, but are not limited to, time to failure, manufacture date, location of installation, and environmental factors (i.e., heat and humidity factors at installed location). Based on this analysis, we have recorded a specific warranty liability using the estimated number of affected IGUs expected to fail in the remaining warranty period and applying estimated costs we expect to incur to replace the IGUs based on warranty contractual terms and our customary business practices. 
 We monitor the cost to fulfill warranty obligations and may make revisions to our warranty liabilities if actual costs of product repair and replacement are significantly higher or lower than estimated. This warranty liability is based on estimates of failure rates and future replacement costs that are updated periodically, taking into consideration inputs such as changes in the number of failures compared with the Company s historical experience, and changes in the cost of servicing warranty claims. Management judgment is necessary to estimate the future cost of servicing warranty claims. This estimated cost includes the Company s expectations regarding future total cost of replacement, as well as fixed cost absorption as production increases. If estimated future costs are 10 higher than projected, our warranty liability associated with these affected IGUs would be approximately 4.0 million higher than that recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 There is uncertainty inherent in the failure rate analysis and the projected costs to replace the defective products in future years, as such we evaluate warranty accruals on an ongoing basis and account for the effect of changes in estimates prospectively. Considering the uncertainty inherent in the failure analysis, including the actual timing of the failures and the number of defective IGUs, as well as uncertainty regarding future supply chain costs and production volumes that may impact the projected costs to replace defective IGUs in future years, it is reasonably possible that the amount of costs to be incurred to replace the defective IGUs could be materially different from the estimate. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 We regularly review our long-lived assets for triggering events or other circumstances that could indicate impairment. If such events arise, we compare the carrying amount of the asset group comprising the long-lived assets to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the estimated aggregate undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset group, an impairment charge is recorded as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds the fair value of the assets, as based on the expected discounted future cash flows attributable to those assets. 
 The amount and timing of any impairment charges requires the estimation of future cash flows based on management s best estimates and projections of certain key factors, including future selling prices and volumes, operating and material costs, various other projected operating economic factors and other intended uses of the assets. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could produce materially different results. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management considered the continued operating losses when combined with the sustained decline in our market capitalization, to be a triggering event and therefore performed a quantitative impairment test of our long-lived assets as of December 31, 2022. Based on the results of this test, we concluded that the fair value of the asset group was substantially above its carrying value, and no impairment was recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 If the decline in our share price is sustained or we identify other events or circumstances indicating the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable, this would require further testing of these assets. Changes to our best estimates and projections utilized to estimate future cash flows in future testing of these assets will impact the result of any future impairment analysis and may result in an impairment of such assets. 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 Goodwill is measured as the excess of the purchase price over the sum of the amounts assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired less liabilities assumed. Goodwill is not amortized but reviewed for impairment as of October 1 each fiscal year and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, regulatory environment, established business plans, operating performance indicators or competition. Potential impairment indicators may also include, but are not limited to, (i) the results of our most recent annual or interim impairment testing, (ii) downward revisions to internal forecasts, and the magnitude thereof, if any, (iii) declines in our market capitalization below our book value, and the magnitude and duration of those declines, if any, and (iv) other macroeconomic factors, such as increases in interest rates that may affect the weighted average cost of capital, volatility in the equity and debt markets, or fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that may negatively impact our reported results of operations. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (referred to as a component). Our single operating segment is also our single reporting unit as we do not have segment managers and there is no discrete information reviewed at a level lower than the consolidated entity level. All of our assets and liabilities are assigned to this single reporting unit. We estimate the fair value of our reporting unit using the discounted cash flow method. This calculation requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, such as: (i) the estimation of future revenue and projected margins, which are dependent on our internal cash flow forecast; (ii) estimation of the terminal growth rate and capital spending; and (iii) determination of the discount rate. The discount rate used is based on our weighted average cost of capital and are adjusted for risks and uncertainties inherent in our business and in our estimation of future cash flows. As part of the goodwill impairment test, we also consider our market capitalization in assessing the reasonableness of the fair value estimated for our reporting unit. The estimates and assumptions used to calculate the fair value of our reporting unit from year to year are based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could produce materially different results. 
 The results of our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2022 did not indicate any impairment of goodwill. During the fourth quarter of 2022, subsequent to our annual goodwill impairment analysis, we experienced a sustained decline in our stock price resulting in our market capitalization being less than the carrying value of our reporting unit. We therefore determined it appropriate to perform an interim quantitative assessment of our reporting unit as of December 31, 2022. As a result, we determined that the carrying value of our reporting unit exceeded its fair value and recorded an impairment of goodwill of 9.1 million during the fourth quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2022 we no longer have any recorded goodwill. 
 The results of our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2021 did not indicate any impairment of goodwill and no events or changes in circumstances indicated that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable as of December 31, 2021. As such, there was no impairment of goodwill or intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Stock-Based Compensation - Employee and Nonemployee Options 
 We measure stock-based awards, including stock options, granted to employees and nonemployees based on the estimated fair value as of the grant date. The fair value of stock options are estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the fair value of the underlying common stock, the expected term of the stock option, the expected volatility of the price of our common stock, risk-free interest rates, and the expected dividend yield of our common stock. Changes in the assumptions can materially affect the fair value and ultimately how much stock-based compensation expense is recognized. These inputs are subjective and generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. 
 Compensation expense for stock awards only subject to service vesting conditions is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards. Stock-based compensation expense is based on the value of the portion of stock-based awards that is ultimately expected to vest. As such, our stock-based compensation for these awards is reduced for the estimated forfeitures at the date of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
 Compensation cost for stock awards subject to service and market-based vesting conditions is recognized for each vesting tranche of an award with a market condition using the accelerated attribution method over the longer of the requisite service period and derived service period, irrespective of whether the market condition is satisfied. If a recipient of these awards terminates employment before completion of the requisite service period, any compensation cost previously recognized is reversed unless the market condition has been satisfied prior to termination. If the market condition has been satisfied during the vesting period, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost is accelerated. 
 No options were issued during the year ended December 31, 2022. The estimated grant date fair values of time vested stock options granted to employees and non-employees during the year ended December 31, 2021 were calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing models based on the following assumptions: 
 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 Expected volatility 70 Expected terms (in years) 5.4-6.7 
 Expected dividends 0 Risk-free rate 0.4 -1.5 
 
 Expected volatility: As our common stock had only recently become publicly traded when these options were granted, the expected volatility for our stock options was determined by using an average of historical volatilities of selected industry peers deemed to be comparable to our business corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Expected term: The expected term represents the period these stock awards are expected to remain outstanding and is based on historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms of the stock-based awards, vesting schedules, and expectations of future employee behavior. 
 Expected dividend yield: The expected dividend rate is zero as we currently have no history or expectation of declaring dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 Risk-free interest rate: The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Common Stock Valuation 
 Prior to our common stock being publicly traded, the fair value of our common stock was historically determined by our board of directors with the assistance of management. In the absence of a public trading market for our common stock, on each grant date, we developed an estimate of the fair value of our common stock based on the information known on the date of grant, upon a review of any recent events and their potential impact on the estimated fair value per share of our, and in part on input from third-party valuations. 
 The fair value of our common stock was determined in accordance with the guidelines outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. The assumptions used to determine the estimated fair value of our common stock are based on numerous objective and subjective factors, combined with management s judgment, including: 
 valuations of our common stock performed by independent third-party specialists; 
 the prices, rights, preferences, and privileges of our convertible preferred stock relative to those of our common stock; 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 the prices paid for common or convertible preferred stock sold to third-party investors by us; 
 for shares repurchased by us in arm s-length transactions; 
 the lack of marketability inherent in our common stock; 
 our actual operating and financial performance; 
 our current business conditions and projections; 
 the hiring of key personnel and the experience of our management; 
 the history of the company and the introduction of new products; 
 our stage of development; 
 the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event, such as an initial public offering (IPO), a merger, or acquisition of our company given; 
 prevailing market conditions; 
 the operational and financial performance of comparable publicly traded companies; and 
 the U.S. and global capital market conditions and overall economic conditions. 
 In valuing our common stock, the fair value of our business was determined using various valuation methods, including combinations of income and market approaches with input from management. The income approach estimates value based on the expectation of future cash flows that a company will generate. These future cash flows are discounted to their present values using a discount rate that is derived from an analysis of the cost of capital of comparable publicly traded companies in our industry or similar business operations as of each valuation date and is adjusted to reflect the risks inherent in our cash flows. The market approach estimates value based on a comparison of the subject company to comparable public companies in a similar line of business. From the comparable companies, a representative market value multiple is determined and then applied to the subject company s financial forecasts to estimate the value of the subject company. The valuation methodology also considers both actual transactions of the convertible preferred stock and expected liquidity values where appropriate. 
 Stock Compensation - CEO Option Award and Officer RSUs 
 We measured the fair value of our market condition-based CEO Option Award and Officer RSUs using a Monte Carlo simulation model that utilized significant assumptions, including volatility, expected term, risk free rate that determine the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award to calculate the fair value of the award. Application of these approaches and methodologies involved the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that were highly complex and subjective, such as determining the expected volatility of our common stock. Due to the limited history of trading of our common stock at the time these awards were granted, we determined expected volatility based on a peer group of publicly traded companies. Changes in any or all of these estimates and assumptions or the relationships between those assumptions could have had a material impact on the valuation of these awards and the related stock-based compensation expense. 
 The following table summarizes the assumptions used in estimating the fair value of CEO Option Award and Officer RSUs: 
 CEO Option Award Officer RSUs Expected stock price 9.19 9.19 Expected volatility 54.0 56.0 Risk-free rate 1.59 0.60 Expected terms (in years) 10.0 4.0 Expected dividends 0 0 Discount for lack of marketability 20 n/a 
 As discussed further in Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, the Officer RSUs were modified on August 5, 2022 to remove the market-based vesting condition; and therefore, the valuation assumptions above for the Officer RSUs only apply to the original awards prior to this modification. 
 Sponsor Earn-Out Liability 
 We account for Sponsor Earn-Out shares as liability classified instruments because the earn-out triggering events that determine the number of Sponsor Earn-Out shares to be earned back by the Sponsor include events that are not solely indexed to the common stock of the Company. The fair value of this liability is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model that utilizes 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 significant assumptions, including volatility, expected term, risk free rate that determine the probability of achieving the earn-out conditions to calculate the fair value. 
 The following table summarizes the assumptions used in estimating the fair value of the Sponsor Earn-Out Shares at each of the relevant periods: 
 December 31, 2022 March 8, 2021 (Closing Date) Stock price 0.96 3.91 Expected volatility 69.25 52.50 Risk free rate 4.22 1.12 Expected term (in years) 3.2 4.2 Expected dividends 0 0 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 for the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 Page No. Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 77 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 80 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 83 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 84 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of View, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of View, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, of redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit) and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, since its inception the Company has not achieved profitable operations or positive cash flows from operations and has an accumulated deficit that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Product Warranties - Specific Warranty Liability for Certain Insulating Glass Units 
 As described in Notes 1 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, in 2019, the Company identified a quality issue with certain material purchased from one of its suppliers utilized in the manufacturing of certain Insulating Glass Units (IGU). The Company stopped using the affected materials upon identification of the quality issue in 2019. The Company has replaced and expects to continue to replace the affected IGUs for the remainder of the period covered by the warranty. Management developed a statistical model to analyze the risk of failure of the affected IGUs related to this quality issue and predict the potential number of future failures that may occur during the remaining warranty period, as well as the timing of the expected failures. Management judgment is necessary to determine the distribution fit and covariates utilized in the statistical model, as well as the relative tolerance to declare convergence. The statistical model considered the volume of units sold, the volume of unit failures, data patterns, and other characteristics associated with the failed IGUs as well as the IGUs that had not yet failed as of each financial reporting period. These characteristics include, but are not limited to, time to failure, manufacture date, location of installation, and environmental factors. Based on this analysis, management has recorded a specific warranty 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 liability using the estimated number of affected IGUs expected to fail in the remaining warranty period and applying estimated costs management expects to incur to replace the IGUs based on warranty contractual terms and business practices. Considering the uncertainty inherent in the failure analysis, including the actual timing of the failures and the number of defective IGUs, as well as uncertainty regarding future supply chain costs and production volumes that may impact the projected costs to replace defective IGUs in future years, it is reasonably possible that the amount of costs to be incurred to replace the defective IGUs could ultimately be materially different from the estimate. The total warranty liability included 30.8 million as of December 31, 2022, related to these IGUs. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the specific warranty liability for certain IGUs is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the specific warranty liability for certain IGUs due to the use of a statistical model to estimate the affected IGUs expected to fail in the remaining warranty period and the judgment required to estimate the costs to replace the affected IGUs, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures to evaluate management s estimate of affected IGUs expected to fail in the remaining warranty period and to evaluate the significant assumptions related to the convergence thresholds used in the statistical model and the estimated costs to replace the IGUs to calculate the estimated warranty liability, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. As disclosed by management, a material weakness existed related to this matter. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. The procedures included, among others, (i) testing management s process for determining the specific warranty liability for certain IGUs; (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the estimate; (iii) evaluating the appropriateness of the statistical model used to estimate the number of affected IGUs expected to fail in the remaining warranty period, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions related to the convergence thresholds used in the statistical model and the estimated costs to replace the IGUs. Evaluating the reasonableness of the estimated costs to replace IGUs included, among others, evaluating estimated manufacturing costs through assessment of historical production volumes and costs and evaluating historical and forecasted third-party cost information. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the statistical model used by management as well as the convergence thresholds used within the statistical model. 
 Revenue Recognition Estimates of Costs to Complete View Smart Building Platform Contracts 
 As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company enters into contracts with the Smart Building Platform customers, which are typically the owners, tenants or developers of buildings, or the general contractor acting on behalf of the Company s customers. Given that the Company is responsible for providing the service of integrating each of the inputs into a single combined output and the Company controls that output before it is transferred to the customer, the Company is the principal in the arrangement, and will recognize the entire arrangement fee as its revenue, with any fees that it pays to its subcontractors recognized in its cost of revenue. As the Company performs a significant service of integrating the promised goods and services into a combined output, these contracts constitute a single, combined performance obligation. Management determines the transaction price based on the consideration expected to be received, which is the contract price. The Company recognizes revenue over time using a cost-to-cost input method where progress on the performance obligation is measured by the proportion of actual costs incurred to the total costs expected to complete the contract. Recognizing revenue using a cost-to-cost input method provides an objective measure of progress and thereby best depicts the extent of transfer of control to the customer. Management judgment is required to estimate the progress towards completion. Significant changes in this estimate could affect the profitability of the Company s contracts. Changes to estimated profit on contracts are recognized using a cumulative catch-up adjustment which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a contract s progress towards fulfillment of the performance obligation. When the total estimated costs for a contract exceed contracted revenue, an accrual for the loss on the contract is recognized as cost of revenue at the time of contract execution. As actual costs are incurred that are in excess of revenue recognized, they are recorded against the loss accrual, which is therefore reduced. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a total of 12.0 million for initial contract loss accruals, of which the balance of estimated contract losses for work that had not yet been completed totaled 15.0 million as of December 31, 2022. Revenues relating to the Smart Building Platform contracts were 55.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition - estimates of costs to complete View Smart Building Platform contracts is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the total costs expected to complete View Smart Building Platform contracts, and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and in evaluating the estimates of total costs expected to complete arrangements where revenue is recognized over time. As disclosed by management, a material weakness existed related to this matter. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among others, (i) evaluating and testing 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 management s process for determining the total costs expected to complete, which included evaluating the reasonableness of management s estimates of total forecasted manufacturing costs and third party subcontractors costs for selected arrangements, (ii) testing the accuracy and completeness of costs incurred to date, and (iii) testing the appropriateness of the timing and amount of revenue recognized based on the underlying inputs and estimates. Evaluating the reasonableness of management s estimates of total costs expected to complete included performing a comparison of management s prior period cost estimates to actual costs incurred. 

/s/ 

March 31, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2013. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 View, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowances Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Restricted cash Right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued compensation Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Debt, non-current Debt, non-current - related party Sponsor earn-out liability Lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 8 
 Stockholders' equity (deficit): Common stock, par value; shares authorized December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; , and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 View, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Revenue - related party Total revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue Cost of revenue - related party Research and development Selling, general, and administrative Impairment of goodwill Note 6 
 Total costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) Interest and other expense (income), net Interest expense, net Other expense, net Gain on fair value change, net ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Interest and other (income) expense, net ) ) Loss before provision (benefit) of income taxes ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) Net and comprehensive loss Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used in calculation of net loss per share, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

81 

Table of Contents 

 View, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Retroactive application of reverse recapitalization Note 2 
 ) ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2020, as converted ) ) Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock in connection with reverse recapitalization ) ) Reverse recapitalization transaction, net of fees Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants to common stock warrants in connection with reverse recapitalization Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock in connect with WorxWell acquisition Issuance of warrants in connection with WorxWell acquisition Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2021 ) Vesting of RSUs ) Shares withheld related to net share settlement ) ) ) Issuance of warrants in connection with Strategic Agreement Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2022 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 View, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net loss 
 ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 Gain on fair value change, net 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable 
 ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 ) ) Other assets 
 ) Accounts payable 
 Deferred revenue 
 ) Accrued compensation 
 ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Purchases of property and equipment 
 ) ) Purchase of short-term investments 
 ) Maturities of short-term investments 
 Disbursement under loan receivable Note 8 
 ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Proceeds from issuance of debt Note 10 
 Proceeds from issuance of debt - related party Note 16 
 Payment of debt issuance costs Note 10 
 ) Payment of debt issuance costs - related party Note 16 
 ) Repayment of revolving debt facility Note 10 
 ) Repayment of other debt obligations Note 10 
 ) Payments of obligations under finance leases ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and warrants 
 Proceeds from reverse recapitalization and PIPE financing Note 2 
 Payment of transaction costs Note 2 
 ) Taxes paid related to the net share settlement of equity awards Note 11 
 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 
 Cash paid for interest 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities: 
 Payables and accrued liabilities related to purchases of property and equipment 
 Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants to common stock warrants Common stock issued in exchange for services associated with the reverse recapitalization Common stock issued upon vesting of restricted stock units Holdback related to acquisition Change in right-of-use assets or property and equipment exchanged for lease obligations 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 million, net of transaction costs of million. In conjunction with the Transactions, the Company repaid in full the revolving debt facility of million, including accrued interest and future interest through maturity of the notes of million. See Note 2 for additional information regarding the reverse recapitalization. 
 Smaller Reporting Company (SRC) Status 
 The Company is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company intends to take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as it qualifies as a smaller reporting company. The Company may be a smaller reporting company in any year in which (i) the market value of our voting and non-voting ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than 250.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter or (ii) (a) our annual revenue is less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and (b) the market value of our voting and non-voting ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 
 Exchange Ratio ), which was based on Legacy View s implied price per share prior to the Merger. 
 All amounts are presented in U.S. dollars ). 
 Liquidity and Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Since inception, the Company has not achieved profitable operations or positive cash flows from operations. The Company s accumulated deficit totaled million as of December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2022 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million, respectively, and negative cash flows from operations of approximately million and million, respectively. Cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 was million and short-term investments as of December 31, 2022 was million. The Company has historically financed its operations through the issuance and sale of redeemable convertible preferred stock, the issuance of debt financing, the gross proceeds associated with the Merger and revenue generation from product sales. As noted in Note 1 0 , the Company raised additional capital of million, after deducting fees and offering expenses, during the fourth quarter of 2022 through the issuance of Convertible Senior Pay in Kind PIK Toggle Notes Convertible Notes ). 
 The Company has determined that there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern, as the Company does not currently have adequate financial resources to fund its forecasted operating costs and meet its obligations for at least twelve months from the date of these financial statements. 
 In order to reduce the cash used in operating activities, the Company implemented certain cost savings initiatives in the second half of 2022, as well as a restructuring plan in March 2023 as further discussed in Note 17 . While these plans are anticipated to reduce cash outflow when compared to prior periods, the Company s continued existence is dependent upon its ability to obtain additional financing, as well as to attain and maintain profitable operations by entering into profitable sales contracts and generating sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis. The Company s business will require a significant amount of capital investments to execute its long-term business plans. 
 While the Company recently raised additional financing during 2022, there can be no assurance that future necessary financing will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. If the Company raises funds in the future by issuing equity securities, such as through the sale of the Company s common stock under the common stock purchase agreements (the Purchase Agreements discussed further in Note 11 , dilution to stockholders will occur and may be substantial. Any equity securities issued may also provide for rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of holders of common stock. If the Company raises funds in the future by issuing additional debt securities, these debt securities could have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of preferred and common stockholders. The terms of any additional debt securities or borrowings could impose significant restrictions on the Company s operations. The capital markets have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, periods of upheaval that could impact the availability and cost of equity and debt financing. In addition, recent and anticipated future increases in federal fund rates set by the Federal Reserve, which serve as a benchmark for rates on borrowing, will continue to impact the cost of debt financing. 
 If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital resources to fund operations by raising additional capital and attaining and maintaining profitable operations or raising additional capital, the Company would not be able to continue to operate the business pursuant to the Company s current business plan, which would require the Company to modify its operations to further reduce spending to a sustainable level by, among other things, delaying, scaling back or eliminating some or all of the Company s ongoing or planned investments in corporate infrastructure, business development, sales and marketing, research and development and other activities, which would have a material impact on the Company s operations and its ability to increase revenues, or the Company may be forced to discontinue its operations entirely. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

, , and of total revenue, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, two customers represented greater than 10.0 of total revenue, accounting for and of total revenue, respectively. Two customers accounted for of accounts receivable, net as of December 31, 2022, including and , respectively. Four customers accounted for of accounts receivable, net as of December 31, 2021, including , , and , respectively. Accounts receivable are stated at the amount the Company expects to collect. The Company generally does not require collateral or other security in support of accounts receivable. To reduce credit risk, management performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers financial condition. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, each of three suppliers accounted for , and of total purchases, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, one supplier accounted for of total purchases. 

No such adjustments were necessary during the periods presented. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

87 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The Company recorded inventory impairments of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 . The Company reassesses the useful lives of the assets at each reporting period to determine whether events or circumstances may indicate that a revision to the useful life is warranted. Leasehold improvements are stated at cost and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the assets or the remaining lease term, whichever is shorter. Maintenance and repairs that do not extend the life or improve the asset are expensed as incurred. 
 years once the related project has been completed and deployed for use. Such capitalized internal use software has not been material in any of the periods presented through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Such software development costs required to be capitalized have not been material in any of the periods presented through December 31, 2022. 
 impairments of long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2021, which are further described in Note 6 . Acquisition-related costs were included in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and were immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2021. acquisitions were completed in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Goodwill is measured as the excess of the purchase price over the sum of the amounts assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired less liabilities assumed. Goodwill is not amortized but reviewed for impairment as of October 1 each fiscal year and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. The evaluation of goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment requires the exercise of significant judgment. Other intangible assets are presented at cost, net of accumulated amortization, and are amortized over their estimated useful lives of to years using the straight-line method. Other intangible assets primarily include purchased technology. 
 The results of the Company s annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2022 did not indicate any impairment of goodwill. During the fourth quarter of 2022, subsequent to the annual goodwill impairment analysis, the Company experienced a sustained decline in its stock price resulting in its market capitalization being less than the carrying value of its reporting unit. The Company therefore determined it appropriate to perform an interim quantitative assessment of its reporting unit as of December 31, 2022. As a result, the Company determined that the carrying value of its reporting unit exceeded its fair value and recorded an impairment of goodwill of million during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The results of the annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2021 did not indicate any impairments of goodwill and no events or changes in circumstances indicated that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable as of December 31, 2021. As such, there was impairment of goodwill or intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 years from the date of delivery to customers. IGUs with sloped or laminated glass generally have a warranty of or years. Control systems associated with the sale of Controls, Software and Services CSS typically have a -year warranty. As part of the Company s Smart Building Platform contracts, the Company generally warrants that the workmanship of the sub-assemblies and installation of the Smart Building Platform are free from defects and in conformance with the contract documents for from completion. In resolving warranty claims, the Company s standard warranty terms provide that the Company generally has the option of repairing, replacing or refunding the selling price of the covered product. The Company has not been requested to and has not provided any refunds, which would be treated as a reduction to revenue, to date as of December 31, 2022. The Company accrues for estimated claims of defective products at the time revenue is recognized based on historical warranty claims rates. The Company s estimated costs for standard warranty claims are based on future estimated costs the Company expects to incur to replace the IGUs or control systems multiplied by the estimated IGU or control system warranty claims, respectively, based on warranty contractual terms and business practices. 
 In 2019, the Company identified a quality issue with certain material purchased from one of its suppliers utilized in the manufacturing of certain IGUs. The Company stopped using the affected materials upon identification of the quality issue in 2019. The Company has replaced and expects to continue to replace the affected IGUs for the remainder of the period covered by the warranty. The Company developed a statistical model to analyze the risk of failure of the affected IGUs related to this quality issue and predict the potential number of future failures that may occur during the remaining warranty period, as well as the timing of the expected failures. Management judgment is necessary to determine the distribution fit and covariates utilized in the statistical model, as well as the relative tolerance to declare convergence. The statistical model considered the volume of units sold, the volume of unit failures, data patterns, and other characteristics associated with the failed IGUs as well as the IGUs that had not yet failed as of each financial reporting period. These characteristics include, but are not limited to, time to failure, manufacture date, location of installation, and environmental factors. Based on this analysis, the Company has recorded 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

90 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

91 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

92 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

94 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares Sponsor Earn-Out Shares to vesting and potential forfeiture (and related transfer restrictions) based on a post-Closing earnout. These Sponsor Earn-Out Shares are accounted for as liability classified instruments because the Earn-Out Triggering Events that determine the number of Sponsor Earn-Out Shares to be earned back by the Sponsor include events that are not solely indexed to the common stock of the Company. The aggregate fair value of the Sponsor Earn-Out Shares on the Closing date was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. As of December 31, 2022, the Earn-Out Triggering Events were not achieved for any of the tranches and as such the Company adjusted the carrying amount of the liability to its estimated fair value. See Note 4 for further information on fair value. 
 Public and Private Warrants 
 Prior to the Merger, CF II issued private placement warrants Private Warrants and public warrants Public Warrants and collectively Warrants ). Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of the Company s common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustments. The Warrants became exercisable on August 26, 2021. The Public Warrants and Private Warrants will expire after the Closing and after August 26, 2020, respectively. See Note 12 for further information. 
 The Public Warrants meet the derivative scope exception for contracts in the Company s own stock and are recorded in stockholders equity. The Private Warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities, since they contain provisions that cause the settlement amounts to be dependent upon the characteristics of the holder of the warrant, and are therefore recorded at fair value, with subsequent changes in the fair value recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss at each reporting date. See Note 4 for further information on fair value of the Private Warrants. 

of employee s salary deferral or of employee s 401(k) eligible earnings, whichever is less. The Company s matching contribution in the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 reportable and operating segment. The Company s chief executive officer, who is the chief operating decision maker, reviews financial information on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. All material long-lived assets are maintained in the United States. See Concentration of Credit Risk and Other Risks and Uncertainties for further information on revenue by customer and Note 3 for further information on revenue by geography and categorized by products and services. 
 Other Comprehensive Loss 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no difference between net loss and total comprehensive loss. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 million of gross proceeds including the contribution of million of cash held in CF II s trust account from its initial public offering, net of redemptions of CF II Class A Common Stock held by CF II s public stockholders of million, million of private investment in public equity PIPE at per share of CF II s Class A Common Stock, and million of additional PIPE at per share of CF II s Class A Common Stock. 
 Immediately before the Merger, all of Legacy View s outstanding warrants were net exercised for shares of Legacy View Class A common stock. Upon consummation of the Merger, all holders of Legacy View Class A common stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock received shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a deemed value of per share after giving effect to the Exchange Ratio based on the completion of the following transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement: 
 the cancellation of each issued and outstanding share of Legacy View Capital Stock and the conversion into the right to receive a number of shares of View Inc. Class A Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio; 
 the conversion of all outstanding Legacy View Warrants into warrants exercisable for shares of View Inc. Class A Common Stock with the same terms except for the number of shares exercisable and the exercise price, each of which was adjusted using the Exchange Ratio; and 
 the conversion of all outstanding vested and unvested Legacy View Options into options exercisable for shares of View Inc. Class A Common Stock with the same terms except for the number of shares exercisable and the exercise price, each of which was adjusted using the Exchange Ratio. 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company incurred million of Transaction costs, consisting of underwriting, legal, and other professional fees, of which million was recorded to additional paid-in capital as a reduction of proceeds and the remaining million was expensed immediately. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Less redemption of CF II shares ) CF II Sponsor Earnout Shares outstanding prior to the Merger Common stock of CF II Shares issued in PIPE financing Shares issued for in kind banker fee payment Merger and PIPE financing shares Legacy View shares converted 2 
 Total 
 _______________________ 
 1 Includes CF II Class A shareholders of and CF II Class B shareholders of . 
 shares of Legacy View common stock and shares of Legacy View redeemable convertible preferred stock outstanding, which were converted to an equal number of shares of Legacy View common stock upon the closing of the Merger, and then converted at the Exchange Rate to Class A common stock of the Company. All fractional shares were rounded down to the nearest whole share. 
 The Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization because Legacy View was determined to be the accounting acquirer. Under this method of accounting, CF II was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the financial statements of the Company will represent a continuation of the financial statements of Legacy View with the Merger treated as the equivalent of Legacy View issuing stock for the net assets of CF II, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of CF II will be stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Merger are those of Legacy View. 
 Legacy View was determined to be the accounting acquirer based on the following facts and circumstances: 
 Legacy View stockholders comprised a relative majority of voting power of View; 
 Legacy View had the ability to nominate a majority of the members of the board of directors of View; 
 Legacy View s operations prior to the acquisition comprising the only ongoing operations of View; 
 Legacy View s senior management comprising a majority of the senior management of View; and 
 View substantially assuming the Legacy View name. 
 
 3. 
 Services Total 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Smart Glass Smart Building Technologies Total 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized a total of million and million, respectively, for initial contract loss accruals and incurred million and million, respectively, of previously accrued losses, which resulted in a decrease to the accrual. 
 Changes in estimated costs to complete View Smart Building Platform projects and the related effect on revenue are recognized using a cumulative catch-up adjustment which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a contract s progress towards fulfillment of the performance obligation. The cumulative catch-up adjustments were ) million and ) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The balance of estimated contract losses for work that had not yet been completed totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Canada Other Total 
 million that the Company expects to recognize as it satisfies the performance obligations over the next to months which are, among other things, dependent on the construction schedule of the site for which the Company's products and services are provided. The Company s performance obligations in Smart Building Technologies contracts are generally short-term in nature, for which the practical expedient has been applied. 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities 
 Contract assets reflect revenue recognized and performance obligations satisfied in advance of customer billing, where payment is conditional, as well as retainage for amounts that the Company has billed to the customer but are being held for payment by the customer pending satisfactory completion of the project. Current contract assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively, and were included in other current assets. The progress billing schedules for these 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million, respectively, and were included in other assets. 
 Contract liabilities relate to amounts invoiced or consideration received from customers, typically for the Company s CSS contracts, in advance of the Company s satisfaction of the associated performance obligation. Such contract liabilities are recognized as revenue when the performance obligation is satisfied. Contract liabilities are presented as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which was included in the opening contract liability balance as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, was million and million, respectively. 
 
 4. 
 Total cash equivalents Restricted cash Certificates of deposit Short-term investments Total assets measured at fair value Convertible Notes Note 10 
 Sponsor earn-out liability Private warrants liability Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash equivalents Money market funds Total cash equivalents Restricted cash Certificates of deposit Total assets measured at fair value Sponsor earn-out liability Private warrants liability Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Additions during the period Change in fair value ) ) ) Reclass to additional paid-in-capital upon Closing ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Additions during the period Change in fair value ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Sponsor Earn-out Shares, Private Warrants and redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants are or were subject to remeasurement to fair value at each balance sheet date. See Note 2 for additional information regarding the reverse recapitalization and the conversion of the redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants at the time of the Merger. Changes in fair value as a result of the remeasurement are recognized in gain on fair value change, net in the consolidated statements of operations.) ) Private Warrants ) ) Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants ) Gain on fair value change, net ) ) 
 Valuation of Sponsor Earn-Out liability 
 At Closing, the Sponsor subjected shares to vesting and potential forfeiture (and related transfer restrictions) based on a post-Closing earnout, with (a) of the Sponsor Earn-Out Shares being released if the stock price of the Company exceeds for out of any trading days, (b) of the Sponsor Earn-Out Shares being released if the stock price of the Company exceeds for out of any trading days and (c) of the Sponsor Earn-Out Shares being released if the stock price of the Company exceeds for out of any trading days, in each case, subject to early release for a sale, change of control or going private transaction or delisting after the Closing (collectively, the Earn-Out Triggering Events ). 
 Expected volatility Risk free rate Expected term (in years) Expected dividends 
 Current stock price: The stock price was based on the closing price as of the valuation date. 
 Expected volatility: The volatility rate of the Sponsor Earn-Out Shares was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation to estimate the implied volatility of the Public Warrants as such warrants are publicly traded. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

as the Company currently has no history or expectation of declaring dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Valuation of Private Warrants 
 Expected volatility Risk free rate Expected term (in years) Expected dividends 
 Valuation of redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants 
 The Company used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which incorporates assumptions and estimates, to value the redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants. The Company determined the fair value per share of the underlying redeemable convertible preferred stock by taking into consideration the most recent sales of its redeemable convertible preferred stock, results obtained from third-party valuations and additional factors that are deemed relevant. As the Company operated as a private company until March 2021, specific historical and implied volatility information of its stock is not available. Therefore, the Company estimated the expected stock volatility based on the historical volatility of publicly traded peer companies for a term equal to the expected term of the redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant. The risk-free interest rate was determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve for time periods approximately equal to the expected term of the redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant. The Company estimated a expected dividend yield based on the fact that the Company had never paid or declared dividends through the Closing Date at which time these redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants were converted to common stock warrants and classified as a component of stockholders equity. See Note 2 for additional information regarding the reverse recapitalization. 
 - 
 Expected term (in years) - 
 Expected dividends 
 Risk-free rate 
 - 
 Discount for lack of marketability - 
 - 
 
 Other 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

5. 
 Tenant improvements 
 - 
 Plant and manufacturing equipment 
 - 
 Computer hardware and software 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 Construction in progress 
 Property and equipment, gross 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 The Company recorded depreciation expense of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During fiscal year 2021, the Company decided that additional production space was required to meet future expected demand. Accordingly, the Company evaluated the space availability in its manufacturing facility and determined that certain assets used for research and development purposes would be disassembled to make room for additional production capacity. Consequently, the Company made the decision to abandon and shorten the life of these assets to coincide with their removal date, resulting in accelerated depreciation of included in research and development expenses in the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 included million related to these abandoned assets which were no longer in service. 
 The Company regularly reviews its long-lived assets for triggering events or other circumstances that could indicate impairment. As of December 31, 2022, management considered the continued operating losses when combined with the sustained decline in our market capitalization, to be a triggering event and therefore performed a quantitative impairment test of our long-lived assets as of December 31, 2022. Based on the results of this test, the Company concluded that the fair value of the asset group was substantially above its carrying value, and impairment was recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 If the decline in the Company s share price is sustained or the Company identifies other events or circumstances indicating the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable, this would require further testing of these assets and it may result in an impairment of such assets. 
 
 6. 
 Cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Restricted cash 
 Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash presented in the statements of cash flows 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Corporate Notes/Bonds U.S. Treasuries U.S. Government Agencies Total short-term investments 
 
 There were short-term investments as of December 31, 2021. The Company s marketable debt securities have contractual maturities of less than one year, are classified as available-for-sale and are stated at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets based upon inputs other than quoted prices in active markets (Level 2 inputs). The Company did not record any unrealized gains or losses or recognize any gains or losses for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company also did not recognize any credit-related impairment losses during the year ended December 31, 2022 and had no ending allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022. The amortized cost and fair value amounts above include accrued interest receivable of million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Accounts Receivable, Net of Allowances 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a million increase in the allowance for credit losses. The Company regularly reviews accounts receivable for collectability and establishes or adjusts the allowance for credit losses as necessary using the specific identification method based on the available facts. The allowance for credit losses totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Other Assets 
 Purchased technology and other intangible assets, net Note receivable Deposits with supplier Other Other assets 
 
 On July 7, 2021, the Company acquired of the outstanding stock of ioTium, the leading provider of secure, cloud-managed, software-defined IoT networks. The total purchase consideration, net of cash acquired and including deferred consideration of million, was million. At closing, the Company paid approximately million in cash. Total non-cash consideration was million and consisted of the settlement of outstanding services due to the Company from ioTium at the transaction date. As part of the purchase price allocation, the Company acquired million of intangible assets related to developed technology, trade name, and contract backlog and million of goodwill. The goodwill was primarily attributable to strategic opportunities that arose from the acquisition of ioTium. 
 On December 1, 2021, the Company acquired certain assets associated with the WorxWell data analytics platform for total purchase consideration of million. WorxWell s award-winning, data analytics platform aggregates all building data into a consolidated dashboard to optimize every aspect of building operations and workplace experience for both building owners and occupiers. The purchase consideration consisted of shares of View common stock valued at million and shares of View common stock warrants valued at million. The View common stock issued is subject to a lockup period of the earlier of (i) December 1, 2026, (ii) View s common stock s closing price -day trailing average reaches per share, or (iii) the Company undergoes a change in control. The warrant has an exercise price of per share and may only be exercised on or after the earliest of (i) December 1, 2026, (ii) View s common stock s closing price -day trailing average reaches per share, or (iii) the Company undergoes a change in control. The Company concluded that the set of acquired assets met the definition of a business and did not represent a separate reporting unit. As part of the purchase price 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million of intangible assets related to customer relationships, trade name, and developed technology and million of goodwill. The goodwill was primarily attributable to strategic opportunities that arose from the acquisition of WorxWell and was not deductible for tax purposes. 
 The results of the Company s annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2022 did not indicate any impairment of goodwill. During the fourth quarter of 2022, subsequent to the annual goodwill impairment analysis, the Company experienced a sustained decline in its stock price resulting in its market capitalization being less than the carrying value of its reporting unit. The Company therefore determined it appropriate to perform an interim quantitative assessment of its reporting unit as of December 31, 2022. As a result, the Company determined that the carrying value of its reporting unit exceeded its fair value and recorded an impairment of goodwill of million during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The results of the annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2021 did not indicate any impairments of goodwill and no events or changes in circumstances indicated that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable as of December 31, 2021. As such, there was impairment of goodwill or intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Refer to Note 8 for further information regarding the note receivable balance. 
 Accrued Compensation 
 Other Accrued compensation 
 
 Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Warranty accrual Note 7 
 Contract loss accrual Note 3 
 Environmental settlement accrual Note 8 
 Lease liability Note 9 
 Subcontractor accrual Other Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 Other Liabilities 
 Other liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Warranty accrual Note 7 
 Legal settlement liability Note 8 
 Contract loss accrual Note 3 
 Environmental settlement accrual Note 8 
 Accrued interest Other Other liabilities 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

7. 
 Accruals for warranties issued Changes to estimates of volume and costs Settlements made ) ) Ending balance Warranty liability, current, beginning balance Warranty liability, noncurrent, beginning balance Warranty liability, current, ending balance Warranty liability, noncurrent, ending balance 
 The total warranty liability above included million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the Company' standard assurance warranty. 
 The total warranty liability above also included million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to certain IGUs with a quality issue identified during fiscal year 2019. 
 In addition to the warranty liabilities presented above, the Company had million included within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in its Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 for incremental performance obligations promised to customers in connection with IGU failures associated with the quality issue described above. The costs associated with these obligations were million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and were included within Cost of revenue in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss. 
 
 8. 
 million and million, respectively. amounts have been drawn under the standby letter of credit. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million. The amount of the draws is limited to the total amount incurred by subcontractors contracted by the Company in relation to the project. The promissory note is not a revolving facility, which means that outstanding amounts under the promissory note that are repaid cannot be re-borrowed. The promissory note has a maturity date of May 1, 2026. The promissory note bears interest during the period between the first advance to the customer and the thirty-first month following the first advance, with interest increasing to an annual rate of thereafter. As of December 31, 2022, the customer has a balance of million drawn against the promissory note, which is recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Litigation and Environmental Settlements 
 In December 2014, the Company finalized the terms of a litigation settlement with a third party where the Company agreed to pay the other party a total of million periodically over the next years. The Company recorded the present value of future payments as a liability and records interest expense, included in interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, as it accretes the liability. 
 Litigation settlement liability - non-current Total litigation settlement liability 
 In September and August of 2021, the Mississippi Commission on Environmental Quality MCEQ ), Desoto County Regional Utility Authority DCRUA and the City of Olive Branch, Mississippi Olive Branch ), each issued notices and orders to the Company with respect to our discharges of water from our Olive Branch facility into the publicly owned treatment works POTW of DCRUA and Olive Branch without first obtaining a pretreatment permit. In August 2021, a Subpoena to Testify Before a Grand Jury was issued out of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi Subpoena requiring us to produce to the Environmental Protection Agency EPA various documents relating to environmental matters at our Olive Branch facility, including but not limited to hazardous waste records, air emissions records, storm water discharges records and wastewater disposal records. We have cooperated fully with each such notice, order and Subpoena. 
 On April 13, 2022, the Company and the United States Attorney s Office for the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi agreed in principle to the terms of a global settlement resolving the prospect of claims and charges against the Company relating to all prior discharges of water into the POTW of DCRUA and Olive Branch without first obtaining a pretreatment permit. The principal terms of the settlement are: 
 1. the Company pleading guilty to a single misdemeanor count for negligently discharging wastewater to a POTW without first obtaining a pretreatment permit in violation of 33 U.S.C. 1319(c)(1)(A); 
 2. the Company paying a fine of million over a period in equal installments of million to the federal government; 
 3. the Company paying a special assessment of to the federal government pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 3013(a)(1)(B); 
 4. the Company entering a separate civil Agreed Order with the MCEQ that requires the payment of a separate civil penalty of million; 
 5. the Company making a separate community service payment in the amount of million to DCRUA, to be used for the sole purpose of expanding wastewater treatment capacity in DeSoto County, Mississippi, within days of entering the Plea Agreement; 
 6. the Company implementing an environmental management system that conforms to ISO 14001:2015 standards or a similar environmental management system approved by the United States Environmental Protection Agency, which is expected to result in million in consulting and personnel costs; 
 7. the Company implementing agreed upon wastewater reduction plans, which is expected to result in approximately million in capital expenditures to install a wastewater treatment and recycling system; 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. 
 The terms of the Plea Agreement are subject to the approval of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi. On November 7, 2022, View finalized an Agreed Order with the MCEQ as contemplated by the settlement terms. On November 16 and 17, 2022, Olive Branch and DCRUA, respectively, approved a joint Agreed Order with View consistent with the settlement terms. View continues to coordinate with MDEQ and the local authorities with respect to the obligations contemplated by the settlement terms, including obtaining a pretreatment permit from the Mississippi Environmental Quality Permit Board, which has not been granted as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The Company recognized the million of penalties it expects to incur in conjunction with this settlement within other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities as of December 31, 2021. 
 Environmental settlement liability - non-current Total environmental settlement liability 
 Litigation 
 From time to time, the Company is subject to claims, litigation, internal or governmental investigations, including those related to labor and employment, contracts, intellectual property, environmental, regulatory compliance, commercial matters and other related matters, some of which allege substantial monetary damages and claims. Some of these actions may be brought as class actions on behalf of a class or purported class of employees. The Company is also defendants in judicial and administrative proceedings involving matters incidental to our business. Legal expenses are expensed as incurred. 
 The Company accrues a charge when management determines that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. When a loss is probable, the Company records an accrual based on the reasonably estimable loss or range of loss. When no point of loss is more likely than another, the Company records the lowest amount in the estimated range of loss and discloses the estimated range. The Company does not record liabilities for reasonably possible loss contingencies but does disclose a range of reasonably possible losses if they are material and the Company is able to estimate such a range. If the Company cannot provide a range of reasonably possible losses, the Company explains the factors that prevent it from determining such a range. The Company regularly evaluates current information available to it to determine whether an accrual should be established or adjusted. The ultimate outcome of legal proceedings involves judgments, estimates, and inherent uncertainties and cannot be predicted with certainty. Should the ultimate outcome of any legal matter be unfavorable, the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. The Company may also incur substantial legal fees, which are expensed as incurred, in defending against legal claims. 
 Securities Litigation 
 On August 18, 2021, plaintiff Asif Mehedi filed a putative securities class action in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (Mehedi v. View, Inc. f/k/a CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II et al. (No. 5:21CV06374, N.D. Cal.)) alleging violations of the federal securities laws by the Company, Rao Mulpuri, and Vidul Prakash. On February 8, 2022, the Court appointed Stadium Capital LLC lead plaintiff and denied the competing motion of Sweta Sonthalia. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals denied Ms. Sonthalia s petition for a writ of mandamus to vacate the lead plaintiff order. 
 On July 15, 2022, Stadium Capital filed an amended complaint against View, Mulpuri, and Prakash; certain current and former View board members; Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and related entities; officers and board members of CF II; and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. The action is brought on behalf of a putative class consisting of (i) all persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired View and/or CF II securities between November 30, 2020 and May 10, 2022, inclusive; (ii) all 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million at the end of Q1 2022. The amended complaint seeks unspecified compensatory damages and costs, including attorneys fees. 
 Defendants filed motions to dismiss on October 6, 2022, Stadium Capital filed its opposition to the motions on November 14, 2022. Defendants filed replies in support of the motions to dismiss on December 14, 2022. The motions are set for hearing on April 20, 2023. 
 Given the early stage of this matter, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss (or range of loss), if any, at this time; therefore, a liability has not been recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 Derivative Litigation 
 On December 6, 2021, a purported Company shareholder filed a verified stockholder derivative complaint (nominally on behalf of the Company) against Rao Mulpuri, Nigel Gormly, Harold Hughes, Tom Leppert, Toby Cosgrove, Lisa Picard, Julie Larson-Green, and Vidul Prakash (Jacobson v. Mulpuri, et al. (No. 1:21CV01719, D. Del.)). On May 24, 2022, plaintiff and purported Company stockholder Anil Damidi filed a verified stockholder derivative complaint (nominally on behalf of the Company) against the same defendants as in the Jacobson complaint: Mr. Mulpuri, Mr. Gormly, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Leppert, Mr. Cosgrove, Ms. Picard, Ms. Larson-Green, and Mr. Prakash. On July 26, 2022, plaintiff and purported Company stockholder James Monteleone filed a verified stockholder derivative complaint (nominally on behalf of the Company) against the same defendants as in the Jacobson and Damidi complaints: Mr. Mulpuri, Mr. Gormly, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Leppert, Mr. Cosgrove, Ms. Picard, Ms. Larson-Green, and Mr. Prakash. 
 On September 8, 2022, the Jacobson, Damidi, and Monteleone cases were assigned to Judge Gregory Williams. On September 30, 2022, Judge Williams entered the parties stipulation to (1) consolidate the three actions into In re View, Inc. Derivative Litigation, C.A. No, 21-1719-GBW (Consolidated), (2) appoint co-lead counsel for plaintiffs, and (3) stay all proceedings in the consolidated action until the Mehedi class action is dismissed in its entirety, with prejudice, and all appeals related thereto have been exhausted, or is resolved by settlement, or the motions to dismiss in the Mehedi class action are denied. Any party may request that the Court lift the stay upon good cause shown and bringing the matter to the Court s attention. 
 The stipulation deems the Damidi complaint to be the operative complaint in the consolidated case until any amended complaint is filed. The Damidi complaint asserts claims for violation of Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act, breach of fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and waste of corporate assets. The complaint seeks unspecified money damages, restitution, punitive damages, and costs (including attorneys fees and accountants and experts fees, costs, and expenses). The Damidi complaint alleges that the defendants failed to prevent the Company from making false statements regarding the Company s business results and prospects and that the Company has been harmed by incurring legal fees and potential liability in investigations and lawsuits. 
 Given the early stage of this matter, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss (or range of loss), if any, at this time; therefore, a liability has not been recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 Government Investigation 
 On November 9, 2021, the Company announced that it had voluntarily reported to the SEC that the audit committee of the Company s board of directors was conducting an independent, internal investigation into the adequacy of the Company s previously reported warranty accrual. In January 2022, the Company was informed that the SEC is conducting a formal investigation of this matter. The Company has cooperated with the SEC s investigation and intends to continue doing so. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

9. 
 Finance leases Property and equipment, net Total ROU assets Liabilities Current Operating leases Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Finance leases Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Non-current Operating leases Lease liabilities Finance leases Other liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 Short-term lease cost Finance lease cost Amortization of ROU assets Interest expense Total lease cost 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to our leases are as follows: 
 Fiscal year ended December 31, Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 2022 2021 Operating cash flows for operating leases Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

years years Finance leases years years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest Total lease liabilities 
 
 10. 
 Term loan 
 Total debt 
 Debt, current 
 Debt, non-current 
 
 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

) 
 The following table presents the Company s interest expense related to convertible debt (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Contractual interest expense Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Total interest expense 
 In October 2022, the Company completed the sale of million aggregate principal amount of the Company s / Convertible Senior PIK Toggle Notes (the Initial Notes ), with the option to sell an additional million of Notes to the Purchasers. In December 2022, the Company received notices from certain Purchasers that had elected to exercise their respective options to purchase an aggregate additional million of notes (the Additional Notes ). Such Additional Notes were issued in December 2022. The Initial Notes and the Additional Notes, which will be collectively referred to as the Convertible Notes, will mature on October 1, 2027. The Convertible Notes were sold in a private placement in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 The net proceeds from the sale of the Convertible Notes were approximately million after deducting fees and offering expenses. The debt discount and issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization, are reported as a direct deduction from the face amount of the Convertible Notes. The Company expects to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes. 
 The Convertible Notes bear interest at per annum, to the extent paid in cash Cash Interest ), and per annum, to the extent paid in kind through the issuance of additional Convertible Notes PIK Interest ). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1st and October 1st of each year, beginning on April 1, 2023. The Company can elect to make any interest payment through Cash Interest, PIK Interest or any combination thereof. 
 The Convertible Notes are convertible, based on the applicable conversion rate, into cash, shares of the Company s Common Stock or a combination thereof, at the Company s election. The initial conversion rate was 747.6636 shares per 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Notes, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment in certain circumstances, which represented an initial conversion price of approximately per share. 
 The Convertible Notes will be convertible at the option of the holders at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of the Convertible Notes. In connection with the Closing, the Company entered into letter agreements with certain holders of the Convertible Notes (the Blocker Agreements ). The Blocker Agreements provide, among other things, that the Convertible Notes held by the entities affiliated with certain holders (each, a Blocker Party ), shall not be converted to the extent that such conversion would cause a Blocker Party to beneficially own more than a specified threshold percentage (as may be increased or decreased by the applicable Blocker Party upon days written notice) of the Class A common stock, par value per share, of the Company outstanding immediately following such conversion. 
 The Company may redeem the Convertible Notes in whole or in part, at its option, on or after October 1, 2025, and prior to the st scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, for cash at the applicable redemption price if the last reported sale price of the Common Stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides the applicable redemption notice. The redemption price will be equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, a holder may elect to convert its Convertible Notes during any such redemption period, in which case the applicable conversion rate may be increased in certain circumstances if Convertible Notes are converted after they are called for redemption. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the capitalized principal amount of the Convertible Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 
 The indenture governing the Convertible Notes contains customary terms and covenants, including certain events of default in which case either the trustee or the holders of at least of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Convertible Notes may declare of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all the Convertible Notes to be due and payable immediately. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the effective interest rate on the Convertible Notes was . Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs is reported as a component of interest expenses and is computed using the straight-line method over the term of the Convertible Notes, which approximates the effective interest method. 
 The estimated fair value of the Convertible Notes as of December 31, 2022 using Level 3 fair value inputs was million. 
 Term Loan 
 On November 22, 2010, the Company entered into a debt arrangement with a lender, in an amount of million ("Term Loan"), for the purpose of financing equipment and tenant improvements at its manufacturing facility in Olive Branch, Mississippi. Pursuant to the original terms, the loan provides for interest-free debt to be repaid in semi-annual payments due on June 30 and December 31 each year. The loan was originally being paid over semi-annual installments through June 30, 2024. 
 On October 22, 2020, the Company entered into an amended and restated debt arrangement with the lender. The amended and restated debt arrangement temporarily suspended the payments. Starting June 30, 2022, the Company is required to make semi-annual payments of million through June 30, 2032. 
 The term loan agreement required the Company to invest certain amounts in land, building and equipment and create a certain number of jobs. The term loan agreement, as amended, also includes a covenant for audited consolidated financial statements to be delivered to the lender within days of the Company s fiscal year end. As of December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. 
 Revolving Debt Facility 
 In October 2019, the Company entered into a secured revolving debt facility pursuant to which the Company may draw amounts in a maximum aggregate principal amount of million until January 3, 2020 and million after such date, for the purpose of paying payables and other corporate obligations. In October 2019, the Company drew a principal amount of million under the facility with weekly maturity dates ranging from days to days. In May 2020, the Company drew the remaining principal amount of million available under the facility, which was repayable on May 1, 2021. The facility's original expiration was October 22, 2023, at which time all drawn amounts were to be repaid in full. The interest rate applicable to amounts outstanding under the facility was LIBOR, plus . As security for the payment and performance of all obligations under the facility, the Company granted the finance provider a security interest in substantially all of the Company's assets. 
 Under the original agreement, repaid principal amounts became immediately available to be redrawn under the facility with maturity dates of one year through October 23, 2022. As of December 31, 2020, the Company s available borrowing capacity was nil. As of December 31, 2020, the Company classified the outstanding balance of million as a current liability because the Company was in violation of the stockholders equity covenant as of such date and the limited waiver from the finance provider waived such violation only through March 31, 2021. 
 In December 2020, the Company entered into an amendment to replace weekly draws of approximately million each, aggregating to million in principal amount, with notes of approximately million each, aggregating to million in principal amount. 
 On March 8, 2021, upon Closing, the facility was repaid in full in the amount of million, including accrued interest and future interest through maturity of the notes of million prior to the expiration of the limited waiver from the finance provider. Upon repayment of its obligation, the Company recorded a debt extinguishment loss of million, and the facility was terminated. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

11. 
 shares of common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Pursuant to the Company s certificate of incorporation, the Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock having a par value of per share View Inc. Preferred Stock ). The Company s board of directors has the authority to issue View, Inc. Preferred Stock and to determine the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares. As of December 31, 2022, shares of View, Inc. Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 
 Net Share Settlement of Equity Awards 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company withheld shares with a fair value of million in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of restricted share units. The shares were retired upon repurchase and returned to the unissued authorized capital of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, shares of Treasury Stock were issued and outstanding. 
 Dividend 
 Common stock is entitled to dividends when and if declared by the Company s board of directors, subject to the rights of all classes of stock outstanding having priority rights to dividends. The Company has not paid any cash dividends on common stock to date. The Company may retain future earnings, if any, for the further development and expansion of its business and has no current plans to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of the Company s board of directors and will depend on, among other things, the Company s financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in future agreements and financing instruments, business prospects and such other factors as the Company s board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Legacy View Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Prior to the Merger, Legacy View had outstanding shares of Series A, Series B, Series C, Series D, Series E-2, Series F, Series G, and Series H redeemable convertible preferred stock. Immediately prior to the Merger, each outstanding share of Legacy View redeemable convertible preferred stock converted to Legacy View common stock on a 1:1 conversion ratio. Upon Closing, each issued and outstanding share of Legacy View common stock was cancelled and the holders thereof in exchange received shares of the Company s common stock in an amount determined by application of the Exchange Ratio. As such, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has redeemable convertible preferred stock outstanding. See Note 2 for additional information regarding the reverse recapitalization. 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement 
 On August 8, 2022, the Company entered into the Purchase Agreements with each of CF Principal Investments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Cantor ), and YA II PN, Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company Yorkville, and together with Cantor, the Investors ), relating to a committed equity facility (the Facility ). Under the terms of the Purchase Agreements, the Company will have the right, from time to time and at its option, to sell to the Investors up to million, in the aggregate, of the Company s common stock View Shares ), subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth in the Purchase Agreements. As of December 31, 2022, the Investors have purchased shares under the Purchase Agreements. 
 Sales of the View Shares under the Purchase Agreements, and the timing of any sales, will be determined by the Company from time to time at its sole discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including, among other things, market conditions, the trading price of the Company s common stock and determinations by the Company regarding the use of proceeds from such sales. The net proceeds from any sales under the Purchase Agreements will depend on the frequency with, and prices at which the View Shares are sold to the Investors. The Company expects to use the proceeds from any sales under the Purchase Agreements for working capital and general corporate purposes. 
 Upon the initial satisfaction of the conditions to the Investors obligations to purchase View Shares set forth in the Purchase Agreements (the Commencement ), including that a registration statement (the Resale Registration Statement registering the resale of the View Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), is declared effective by the SEC and the Investors are permitted to utilize the prospectus therein to resell all of the shares included in such prospectus, the Company will have the right, but not the obligation, from time to time at its sole discretion until the earliest of (i) the first day 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

after the effective date of the Resale Registration Statement, (ii) the date on which the Investors shall have purchased, in the aggregate, million worth of shares pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, (iii) the date on which the Company s common stock shall have failed to be listed or quoted on Nasdaq or an alternative market and (iv) the date on which the Company commences a voluntary bankruptcy case or any person commences a proceeding against the Company, a custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, to direct the Investors to purchase View Shares as set forth in the Purchase Agreements, by delivering written notice to Cantor or Yorkville prior to 9:00 AM, Eastern Time, on any trading day, subject to maximum amount as set forth in the Purchase Agreements for each such trading day. The purchase price of the View Shares that the Company elects to sell pursuant to the Purchase Agreements will be of the volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the applicable purchase date, subject to adjustment if the Company delivers a purchase notice for a purchase in excess of of the total volume of the Company s common stock traded during the applicable purchase period. 
 The Company will not sell, and the Investors will not purchase, any View Shares pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, if the aggregate number of View Shares issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreements would exceed 19.99 of the voting power or number of shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the execution of the Purchase Agreements), subject to reduction as described in the Purchase Agreements, unless the Company obtains approval of its stockholders for the sale of View Shares in excess of such amount. In addition, the Company will not sell, and Cantor and Yorkville will not purchase, any View Shares pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, which, when aggregated with all other shares of the Company s common stock then beneficially owned by such Investor and its affiliates, would result in, in the case of Cantor, the beneficial ownership by Cantor and its affiliates of more than 9.99 of the Company s outstanding voting power or shares of the Company s common stock, or in the case of Yorkville and its affiliates, would result in the beneficial ownership by Yorkville and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the Company s outstanding voting power or shares of the Company s common stock. 
 On the date of the Commencement, the Company will issue to Cantor shares of the Company s common stock with a value of million (the Commitment Fee as of the trading day prior to the filing of the Resale Registration Statement as consideration for its irrevocable commitment to purchase the View Shares upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in its respective Purchase Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, the Company agreed to reimburse Cantor for certain of its expenses. The Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement with the Investors, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to register the resale of the View Shares and the shares constituting the Commitment Fee. The Purchase Agreements and the Registration Rights Agreement contain customary representations, warranties, conditions, and indemnification obligations by each party. The Purchase Agreements also provide that the representations and warranties of the Company (a) that are not qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Purchase Agreements) must be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of the Commencement, except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case such representations and warranties must be true and correct in all material respects as of such other date, and (b) that are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Purchase Agreements) must be true and correct as of the date of the Commencement, except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case such representations and warranties must be true and correct as of such other date. The Purchase Agreements also provide that the representations and warranties of the Company must be true and correct as described in (a) and (b) above as of a date within trading days following each time the Company files (i) an Annual Report on Form 10-K and certain Annual Reports on Form 10-K/A, (ii) a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, (iii) certain Current Reports on Form 8-K containing amended financial information and (iv) the Resale Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement (as defined in the Purchase Agreements) or any supplement or post-effective amendment thereto, subject to certain exceptions and in any event not more than once per calendar quarter. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreements and the Registration Rights Agreement were made only for purposes of the Purchase Agreements and the Registration Rights Agreement and as of specific dates, are solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreements and are subject to certain important limitations. 
 The Company has the right to terminate the Purchase Agreements at any time after the date of the Commencement, at cost or penalty, upon three trading days prior written notice. The Investors have the right to terminate the Purchase Agreements upon three trading days prior written notice if, among other things, a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Purchase Agreements) has occurred and is continuing. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

12. 
 Private Warrants and Public Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of the Company s common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustments. The Warrants became exercisable on August 26, 2021. The Public Warrants and Private Warrants will expire after the Closing and after August 26, 2020, respectively. 
 The Private Warrants and the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants are transferable, assignable or salable after the completion of the Merger, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants are exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrant. 
 The Company may redeem the outstanding warrants, in whole and not in part, upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption Redemption Period ). For purposes of the redemption, Reference Value shall mean the last reported sales price of the Company s common stock for any twenty trading days within the thirty trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given. 
 The Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants for cash at a price of per warrant if the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share. The warrant holders have the right to exercise their outstanding warrants prior to the scheduled redemption date during the Redemption Period at per share. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, the Company will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. 
 The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants except that the Private Warrants were not transferable, assignable or salable until April 7, 2021. Additionally, the Private Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, then such warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the warrant holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were Private Warrants and Public Warrants outstanding, and Warrants had been exercised. 
 Strategic Agreement RXR Warrant Agreements 
 On October 25, 2022, the Company appointed RXR FP Services LLC RXR FP to render strategic planning and consulting services to the Company. Such services include providing the Company with a right of first offer for any RXR Realty-sponsored development projects where the Company s products are appropriate and providing thought partnership to support the Company s strategy and research development efforts. In consideration of RXR FP s performance of such services, the Company issued warrants to RXR FP (the RXR Warrants to purchase, in the aggregate, shares of Common Stock. The RXR Warrants will expire after October 25, 2022. 
 The shares underlying the RXR Warrants time vest in equal tranches over a period beginning on October 25, 2022 with one-third of such shares vesting each year on the anniversary thereof, provided that all such shares shall vest immediately upon the occurrence of certain specified events (each, an Early Exercise Event ). One-third of the RXR Warrants are exercisable upon the earlier of the applicable vesting date or an Early Exercise Event at an exercise price of per share of Common Stock, subject to certain adjustments (the Exercise Price ). An additional one-third of the RXR Warrants are exercisable upon the earlier of the applicable vesting date or any later date, provided the closing price of the Company s Class A Common Stock has exceeded per share (as may be adjusted) for of consecutive trading days prior to such applicable vesting date or such later date, or an Early Exercise Event at the Exercise Price. The final one-third of the RXR Warrants are exercisable upon the earlier of the applicable vesting date or any later date, provided the closing price of the Company s Class A Common Stock has exceeded per share (as may be adjusted) for of consecutive trading days prior to such applicable vesting date or such later date, or an Early Exercise Event at the Exercise Price. The RXR Warrants may also be exercised, in whole or in part, by means of a cashless exercise for a number of shares as determined in the warrant agreements. The RXR Warrants are subject to certain restrictions on transfer prior to their applicable exercise dates. 
 The Company analyzed the terms of the strategic agreement and concluded that a portion of the RXR Warrants would be accounted for as consideration payable to a customer and a portion of the RXR Warrants would be accounted for as non- 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Expected terms (in years) Expected dividends Risk-free rate 
 The estimated grant date fair value for the RXR Warrants with both time and market vesting conditions were determined by using the Monte Carlo Simulation valuation model based on the following key assumptions: 
 RXR Warrants - Time and Market Vested Expected stock price Expected volatility Risk-free rate Expected terms (in years) Expected dividends 
 The total grant date fair value of the RXR Warrants was million, which was accounted for as an upfront payment to RXR FP as their right to receive the warrants was not contingent on satisfying any vesting conditions. The Company allocated the grant date fair value between consideration payable to a customer and non-employee stock compensation based on the estimated relative fair value of services to be provided by RXR FP. The portion of the warrants allocated as consideration payable to a customer is accounted for as a reduction to the contract price for contracts with RXR Realty and therefore a reduction to revenue on such contracts. The portion of warrants allocated as non-employee stock compensation is accounted for as marketing expense and expensed as incurred. As of December 31, 2022, there were RXR Warrants outstanding, and RXR Warrants had been exercised. 
 Other Warrants 
 Legacy View also issued redeemable convertible preferred stock and common stock warrants, to various service providers, lenders, investors, at various points in time, which were subsequently converted to the common stock warrants of the Company. Upon consummation of the Merger, each Legacy View warrant that was outstanding was assumed by CF II and converted into a common stock warrant exercisable for common stock equal to the product (rounded down to the nearest whole number) of (a) the number of shares of Legacy View capital stock subject to the Legacy View warrant immediately prior to the Merger multiplied by (b) the Exchange Ratio. Such warrants have a per share exercise price equal to the quotient (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) obtained by dividing (i) the exercise price per share of Legacy View capital stock subject to the Legacy View warrant immediately prior to the Merger by (ii) the Exchange Ratio, and, except as specifically provided in the Merger Agreement, each warrant continues to be governed by the same terms and conditions (including vesting and exercisability terms) as were applicable to the corresponding former Legacy View warrant immediately prior to the Merger. Prior to the Merger, the redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants were classified as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 4 for a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for the level 3 financial liabilities measured at fair value. 
 On December 1, 2021, in connection with the WorxWell acquisition, the Company issued common stock warrants to the seller. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

March 2023 August 2011 - January 2012 Common stock (previously Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock) March 2023 August 2012 Common stock (previously Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock) March 2023 December 2013 Common stock (previously Series E redeemable convertible preferred stock) March 2023 April 2015 - April 2016 Common stock (previously Series F redeemable convertible preferred stock) Through December 2022 April 2016 - November 2018 Common stock (previously Series H redeemable convertible preferred stock) Through November 2028 March 2017 Common stock (previously Series H redeemable convertible preferred stock) March 2027 March 2014 Common stock August 2023 August 2015 Common stock December 2022 December 2018 Common stock December 2028 August 2020 Common stock (Private Warrants) Through March 2026 August 2020 Common stock (Public Warrants) Through March 2026 December 2021 Common stock (in connection with the WorxWell acquisition) December 2031 October 2022 Common stock (in connection with the Strategic Agreement with RXR FP October 2032 Total stock warrants 
 
 13. 
 new awards will be granted 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

options (as converted, due to retroactive application of reverse recapitalization) outstanding under the 2018 Plan at Closing were assumed by the Company under the 2021 Plan (defined below). 
 The options assumed under the 2021 Plan (defined below) generally vest upon completion of of service and 1/60 per month thereafter or vest upon completion of of service and 1/48 per month thereafter and generally expire years from the date of grant. 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 In connection with the Closing of the Merger, the Company adopted the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan effective March 8, 2021 under which shares of common stock were initially reserved for issuance. The 2021 Plan permits the grant of incentive stock options Options ), non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, RSUs, and stock bonus awards. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of common stock reserved for future issuance of equity awards to employees, officers, directors, or consultants under the 2021 Plan. 
 Options 
 As noted above, options (as converted, due to retroactive application of reverse recapitalization) outstanding under the 2018 Plan at Closing were assumed by the Company under the 2021 Plan (defined below). In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, at the Closing of the Merger on March 8, 2021, the Company granted options to purchase Class A Common Stock of the Company Officer Options to View s executive officers. The Officer Options time vest over a period with to vest on the anniversary of the Closing and the remaining will vest on a monthly basis over the following . options have been issued under this plan in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Granted Exercised Canceled/forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Options vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 _____________________ 
 per share, which is the closing sale price of View s common stock on December 30, 2022, the last trading day prior to December 31, 2022, as reported by Nasdaq. The market value as of December 31, 2021 was per share, which is the closing sale price of View's common stock on that day as reported by Nasdaq. 
 options have been exercised under this plan in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of stock options granted was for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The total grant date fair value of stock options vested was million and million during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 was million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options, net of estimated forfeitures, was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining service period of years. 
 RSUs 
 Officer RSUs 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, at the Closing of the Merger on March 8, 2021, the Company granted Officer RSUs (the Officer RSUs for shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company View s executive 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

period with to vest on the anniversary of the Closing and the remaining to vest on a monthly basis over the following subject to the following market-based vesting. of the Officer RSUs granted to each executive officer were only set to vest if the share price hurdle of was achieved and the remaining of such Officer RSUs were only set to vest if the share price hurdle of was achieved. 
 On August 5, 2022, the Company s board of directors, upon recommendation of the compensation committee, approved an amendment (the Amendment to the Officer RSUs under the 2021 Plan, which provided that, effective as of September 8, 2022, the market-based vesting conditions applicable to the Officer RSUs were no longer applicable, and the awards will continue to vest subject only to the time-based vesting conditions, subject to the executive s continued employment with the Company through each applicable vesting date. Any Officer RSUs that are not time-vested as of the date of the executive s termination of employment with the Company shall be forfeited and returned to the 2021 Plan. Except as expressly amended by the Amendment, all the terms and conditions of the Officer RSUs remained in full force and effect. 
 The Company accounted for the Amendment as a modification of the original awards. The Company calculated the incremental compensation cost of million as the excess of the fair value of the modified awards over the fair value of the original awards immediately before the modification. For awards that were vested as of the modification date, the Company recognized million of the incremental compensation cost immediately. For awards that were unvested as of the modification date, the sum of the remaining million of the incremental compensation cost and the remaining unrecognized compensation cost of million for the original awards on the modification date will be recognized over the remaining requisite service period of years as of the modification date. 
 Employee RSUs 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued RSUs to employees Employee RSUs ), which vest upon the achievement of specific time-based measures. The fair value for Employee RSUs is calculated based on the stock price on the grant date and expensed ratably over the requisite service period, which ranges between two and . 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of unrecognized compensation expense related to the Employee RSUs expected to be recognized on a pro-rata straight line basis over a weighted average remaining service period of approximately years. 
 Granted Vested ) Canceled ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 _______________________ 
 1 The weighted average grant date fair value of the Officer RSUs that vested during the period and the Officer RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 is calculated as the sum of the grant date fair value per share of the original awards plus the incremental cost per share as of the date of the modification. The grant date fair value of the original Officer RSUs was per share. The incremental cost of the Officer RSUs as of the date of modification, August 5, 2022, was per share. 
 The total grant date fair value of RSUs vested was million and million during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs, net of estimated forfeitures, was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining service period of years. 
 To the extent that the actual forfeiture rate is different than what the Company has anticipated, stock-based compensation related to these awards will be different from expectations. 
 CEO Incentive Plan 
 In connection with the Closing of the Merger, the Company adopted the 2021 Chief Executive Officer Incentive Plan (the CEO Incentive Plan effective March 8, 2021. Pursuant to the CEO Incentive Plan and the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, on March 8, 2021, the Company granted the CEO an option award to purchase Class A common stock of the 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

per share, which vests and becomes exercisable upon satisfaction of the performance conditions set forth in the table below, contingent upon the CEO s continued employment with the Company on each such vesting date. 
 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 
 As of December 31, 2022, total outstanding stock options under the CEO Incentive Plan was shares which were issued during the three months ended March 31, 2021 with a grant date exercise price per share of and remaining contractual term of years. As of December 31, 2022, the CEO Option Award had intrinsic value. 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of stock options granted under the CEO Incentive Plan was for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to options under the CEO Incentive plan, net of estimated forfeitures, was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining service period of years. 
 Valuation of Stock-Awards 
 options were issued under the 2021 Plan or the CEO Incentive Plan in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The grant date fair value for Employee RSUs issued under the 2021 Plan in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was calculated using the closing sale price of the Company s Class A Common Stock on the grant date. 
 Expected terms (in years) Expected dividends Risk-free rate 
 Prior to the Merger, due to the absence of a public market, the Company s common stock required the Company s board of directors to estimate the fair value of its common stock for purposes of granting options and for determining stock-based compensation expense by considering several objective and subjective factors, including contemporaneous third-party valuations, actual and forecasted operating and financial results, market conditions and performance of comparable publicly traded companies, developments and milestones in the Company, the rights and preferences of redeemable convertible preferred stock and common, and transactions involving the Company s stock. The fair value of the Company s common stock was determined in accordance with applicable elements of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants guide, Valuation of Privately Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. 
 The estimated grant date fair value for each tranche of CEO Option Award and Officer RSUs granted in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 was determined by using the Monte Carlo Simulation valuation model and the assumptions below. The 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Expected volatility Risk-free rate Expected terms (in years) Expected dividends Discount for lack of marketability n/a n/a 
 As noted above, the Officer RSUs were modified on August 5, 2022 to remove the market-based vesting condition; and therefore, the valuation assumptions above for the Officer RSUs only apply to the original awards. Refer above for further discussion of the impact of the modification. 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 Research and development Selling, general, and administrative Total 
 
 14.) ) Foreign Total ) ) 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

State Foreign Total current provision for income taxes 
 
 Deferred income tax provision (benefit): Federal ) State ) Foreign Total deferred provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 ) Total provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 ) 
 State tax, net of federal benefit 
 Permanent differences 
 Stock-based compensation 
 ) ) Change in valuation allowance 
 ) ) Non-deductible compensation ) Other Total rate 
 ) 
 Intangibles Capitalized research and development Research and development credits 
 Accruals and other reserves 
 Inventory reserve 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Lease liability Other Deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 
 Valuation allowance 
 ) ) Deferred tax assets after valuation allowance 
 Deferred tax liability on fixed assets 
 ) ) Deferred tax liability on ROU Asset ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million for the portion of the deferred tax assets that the Company does not expect to be realized. The valuation allowance on the Company's net deferred tax assets increased by million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The changes in valuation allowance are primarily due to additional U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities incurred in the respective year. The Company continues to monitor the realizability of the U.S. deferred tax assets taking into account multiple factors, including the results of operations, historic losses and magnitude of excess tax deductions for stock-based compensation. The Company intends to continue maintaining a full valuation allowance on the Company's U.S. deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. Release of all, or a portion, of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of certain deferred tax assets and a decrease to income tax expense for the period the release is recorded. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million and million of federal and state net operating loss NOL carryforwards, respectively, available to offset future taxable income. The federal and state NOL carryforwards, if not utilized, will generally begin to expire starting in 2023. Of the total federal NOL carryforwards, million were generated post December 31, 2017 and have no expiration. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had research and development tax credits available to offset federal and California tax liabilities in the amount of million and million, respectively. Federal credits will begin to expire in 2027 and California state tax credits have no expiration. 
 The federal and state NOLs and credit carryforwards are subject to change of ownership limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. In general, if the Company experiences a greater than 50 percentage point aggregate change in ownership over a 3-year period (a Section 382 ownership change ), utilization of its pre-change NOL and credit carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation. In addition, certain attributes are subject to annual limitations as a result of the acquisition of ioTium, which constitutes a change in ownership as defined under Section 382. Such limitations may result in expiration of a portion of the carryforwards before utilization. The Company s ability to use NOL carryforwards, research and development credit carryforwards and other tax attributes to reduce future taxable income and liabilities may be further limited as a result of future changes in stock ownership. As a result, if the Company earns net taxable income, its ability to use pre-change NOL carryforwards or other pre-change tax attributes to offset United States federal and state taxable income may still be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in an increased future tax liability. The Company has experienced ownership changes since its inception and there have been limitations on net operating losses and tax credits, which have resulted in tax attributes being permanently written-off against its deferred tax assets. 
 The Company maintained undistributed earnings overseas as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company believed the funds held by all non-US subsidiaries will be permanently reinvested outside of the U.S. However, if these funds were repatriated to the U.S. or used for U.S. operations, the Company may be subject to withholding taxes in the foreign countries. As a result of tax reform, the Company s unrepatriated earnings are no longer subject to federal income tax in the U.S. when distributed. 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act was signed into law. The CARES Act includes provisions relating to refundable payroll tax credits, NOL carryback periods, alternative minimum tax credit refunds, modifications to the net interest deduction limitations and technical corrections to the tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement property. The CARES Act had an immaterial impact on the Company's income taxes in fiscal year 2022 and 2021. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 The Company establishes reserves for uncertain tax positions based on the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 likelihood of being sustained. The Company performs a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. 
 Although the Company believes it has adequately reserved for its uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different. The Company adjusts these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. The provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as the related net interest and penalties. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Decreases related to prior year tax positions 
 Increases related to prior year tax positions 
 Increases related to current year tax positions 
 Balance at end of year 
 
 The balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively, none of which would affect the Company's income tax expense if recognized. The Company does not expect its unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next 12 months. It is the Company's policy to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 
 The Company currently has no federal, state or foreign tax examinations in progress, nor has it had any federal, state or foreign examinations since inception. The Company files U.S., state, and foreign income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. The 2007 through 2022 tax years generally remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and California state tax authorities due to the Company's NOL carryforwards. For significant foreign jurisdictions, the 2016 through 2022 tax years generally remain subject to examination by their respective tax authorities. 
 
 15.) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 
 As a result of the Merger, the weighted-average number of shares of common stock used in the calculation of net loss per share have also been retroactively converted by applying the Exchange Ratio. 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, common stock equivalents consisted of stock options, restricted stock units, warrants, and Convertible Notes. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, common stock equivalents consisted of stock options, restricted stock units, and warrants. ne of the common stock equivalents were included in the calculation of diluted net loss per share for all periods presented as the Company recorded a net loss. 
 Unvested restricted stock units Warrants to purchase common stock 
 Convertible Notes (on an as-converted basis) Total 
 The Sponsor Earn-Out Shares are excluded from basic and diluted net loss per share as such shares are contingently recallable until the share price of the Company exceeds specified thresholds that have not been achieved as of December 31, 2022. 
 The common stock equivalents subject to the CEO Option Award are excluded from the anti-dilutive table as the underlying shares are contingently issuable until the share price of the Company exceeds the specified thresholds that have not been 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 
 View, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

stock options for the CEO Option Award are outstanding. 
 Prior to the Amendment described further in Note 13 , the common stock equivalents subject to the Officer RSUs were excluded from the anti-dilutive table, as the underlying shares were contingently issuable since the share price of the Company had not exceeded the specified thresholds. As of December 31, 2021, the thresholds for the Officer RSUs had not been achieved, and RSUs for the Officer RSUs are outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, due to the Amendment, the underlying shares are no longer contingently issuable and unvested Officer RSUs are included in the anti-dilutive table. 
 
 16. 
 million after deducting fees and offering expenses and the Company has incurred million interest expense on the Convertible Notes issued to RXR, which is accrued within other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. The Chairman and CEO of RXR joined the Company s board of directors in November 2022. As such, RXR has been identified as a related party for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized revenue from RXR, or an agent acting on behalf of RXR, of million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, respectively. In addition, the Company had million in deferred revenue, million in contract loss accruals, contract assets associated with contracts with RXR, million accounts receivables due from RXR or an agent acting on behalf of RXR, and accounts payable due to RXR as of December 31, 2022. As discussed in Note 12 , the Company issued the RXR Warrants to RXR FP on October 25, 2022. Refer to Note 12 for further information on the RXR Warrants. 
 
 17. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of the Company s Convertible Notes exercised their right to convert their notes into shares at the conversion price of per share. As a result, the Company issued shares of its Class A common stock, par value per share. 
 Restructuring Plan 
 On March 27, 2023, the Company s board of directors approved a restructuring plan to reduce structural costs, including its workforce. Pursuant to the plan, the Company expects to decrease overall headcount by approximately employees, which represents approximately of full-time employees as of March 28, 2023. The reduction in workforce is expected to be substantially implemented in March 2023. 
 The Company expects to incur a one-time charge of approximately million in the first quarter of 2023 related to the restructuring plan, consisting primarily of one-time severance payments upon termination of the employees impacted by the reduction in force and continued benefits for a specific period of time with related cash payments expected to be substantially paid out by April 30, 2023. The Company expects such payments to be the only direct expense of the reduction in workforce. The Company does not expect to recognize a stock-based compensation expense for impacted employees related to vested awards and does not anticipate modifying the affected employees stock awards in a manner that would result in additional expenses. The severance-related and non-cash charges that the Company expects to incur in connection with, or as a result of, the workforce reduction, are subject to a number of assumptions, and actual results may differ materially. 
 The estimated charges that the Company expects to incur are subject to a number of assumptions, and actual results may differ materially from these estimates. The Company may also incur additional costs not currently contemplated due to unanticipated events that may occur as a result of, or that are associated with, its workforce reduction. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 This Annual Report includes the certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). See Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2. This Item 9A includes information concerning the controls and control evaluations referred to in those certifications. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report, management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. Nevertheless, based on a number of factors, including the performance of additional procedures by management designed to ensure the reliability of our financial reporting, we believe that the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods, presented, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ). 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures which (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets, (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (c) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorization of management and the board of directors, and (d) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report, management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on management s evaluation, because of the material weaknesses described below, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 as follows: 
 We did not design or maintain an effective internal control environment that meets our accounting and reporting requirements. Specifically, we did not have a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate degree of accounting knowledge and experience to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters commensurate with our accounting and reporting requirements and lacked related internal controls necessary to satisfy our accounting and financial reporting requirements. Additionally, we did not demonstrate a commitment to integrity and ethical values. These material weaknesses contributed to the following additional material weaknesses: we did not design or maintain effective controls with respect to revenue and receivables and warranty-related obligations. 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 These material weaknesses in our control environment and in our warranty-related obligations process resulted in the need to restate our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the unaudited quarterly financial information for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 and the unaudited quarterly financial information for each of the quarters in the year ended December 31, 2020. The material weakness in our revenues and receivables process resulted in adjustments that were not material to our annual or interim financial statements. Additionally, these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of substantially all of our account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Remediation Efforts and Status of Remaining Material Weaknesses 
 As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, we performed a comprehensive review of our existing technical accounting capabilities and resources in the accounting/finance function, noting that certain positions in the accounting organization currently filled with interim resources need to be filled on a permanent basis. While we have hired full time staff for many of these positions, certain open positions have been filled with experienced and competent contractors. Management has concluded that the previously identified competency gap has been filled and the combination of the permanent staff and the interim contractors are successfully fulfilling their roles and responsibilities. However, given the limited time that these positions have been filled during 2022, management has concluded that additional time is needed to demonstrate the ability to consistently perform their roles and responsibilities before determining that the material weakness has been remediated. Management will continue to monitor the performance of the finance function to ensure controls are operating effectively for a sufficient period of time before concluding on remediation. 
 Further, management has designed and implemented new control activities in response to our commitment to integrity and ethical values. However, given the limited time that these controls were operating during 2022, management has concluded that additional time is needed to demonstrate the consistent operation of the new and enhanced controls before determining that the material weakness has been remediated. Management will continue to evaluate the control activities in response to our commitment to integrity and ethical values in 2023 to ensure they have operated effectively for a sufficient period of time before concluding on remediation. 
 During the first three quarters of 2022, we designed and implemented new control activities in response to the risk of material misstatement related to warranty-related obligations. While the newly implemented controls were in place and operated effectively as of December 31, 2022, management has concluded that additional time is needed to demonstrate the consistent operation of the new and enhanced controls before determining the material weakness has been remediated. 
 During 2022, we designed and implemented new control activities in response to the risk of material misstatement related to our revenue and receivables process. While the newly implemented controls were in place and operated as of December 31, 2022, management has concluded that additional time is needed to demonstrate the consistent operation of the new and enhanced controls before determining the material weakness has been remediated. 
 Remediation of Previously Identified Material Weaknesses 
 We previously identified and disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which have been remediated, as described below: 
 We did not design or maintain effective controls in response to the risks of material misstatement, including designing and maintaining formal accounting policies, procedures, and controls over significant accounts and disclosures to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including with respect to inventory, equity and derivative liabilities, leasing arrangements, property, plant, and equipment, stock-based compensation, and period-end financial reporting. 
 During the first three quarters of 2022, we designed and implemented new control activities in response to the risk of material misstatement for these significant business processes. Management has completed its design, testing and evaluation of the enhanced and newly implemented internal controls and determined that as of December 31, 2022, the controls were appropriately designed and have operated effectively for a sufficient period of time for management to conclude that the material weaknesses have been remediated. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 We did not design or maintain effective controls over information technology IT general controls for information systems that are relevant to the preparation of our financial statements. Specifically, we did not design or maintain: (i) program change management controls for financial systems relevant to our financial reporting to ensure that information technology program and data changes affecting financial IT applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately; (ii) user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and that adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate personnel; (iii) computer operations controls to ensure critical data interfaces between systems are appropriately identified and monitored, data backups are authorized and monitored, and restorations are tested; and (iv) testing and approval controls for program development to ensure that new software development is aligned with business and IT requirements. 
 Management invested in the design and implementation of additional and enhanced information technology systems and user applications commensurate with the complexity of our business and financial reporting requirements, which has improved the reliability of our financial reporting by reducing the need for manual processes, subjective assumptions, and management discretion; by reducing the opportunities for errors and omissions; and by decreasing reliance on manual controls to detect and correct accounting and financial reporting inaccuracies. Management has completed its design, testing and evaluation of the enhanced and newly implemented internal controls and determined that as of December 31, 2022, the controls were appropriately designed and have operated effectively for a sufficient period of time for management to conclude that the material weaknesses have been remediated. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Financial Statements: The financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 (2) Exhibits: The following exhibits are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report. 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 30, 2020, by and among CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II, PVMS Merger Sub, Inc., and View, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form S-4/A, filed with the SEC on February 11, 2021). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of View, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of View, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022). 
 4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated August 26, 2020, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 4.2 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on August 14, 2020). 
 4.3 Description of Company s Securities 
 4.4+ Indenture, dated as of October 26, 2022, by and between View, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2022). 
 4.5+ Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of October 25, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2022). 
 4.6+ Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of October 25, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2022). 
 4.7+ Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of October 25, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2022). 
 10.1 Form of Subscription Agreement, by and between CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II and the undersigned subscriber thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form S-4/A, filed with the SEC on February 11, 2021). 
 10.2 Subscription Agreement, by and between CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II and the Subscriber named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 11, 2021). 
 10.3 Form of Lock-Up Agreement, by and among CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II, View, Inc. and the undersigned holder thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form S-4/A, filed with the SEC on February 11, 2021). 
 10.4 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II and the undersigned investors listed thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form S-4/A, filed with the SEC on February 11, 2021). 
 10.5 First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, by and among CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II, CF Finance Holdings II, LLC and the undersigned investors listed thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021). 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 10.6 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2020, by and among CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II, CF Finance Holdings II, LLC, and View, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form S-4/A, filed with the SEC on February 11, 2021). 
 10.7 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement, by and between View, Inc. and the undersigned director thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Form S-4, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2020). 
 10.8 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021). 
 10.9 2021 Chief Executive Officer Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021). 
 10.10 Form of Executive Officer Employment Agreement, by and between View, Inc. and the undersigned executive officer thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Form S-4, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2020). 
 10.11 Employment Agreement, dated November 21, 2018, by and between View. Inc. and Rao Mulpuri (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Form S-4, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2020). 
 10.12 Industrial Lease Agreement, dated May 31, 2012, by and between Soladigm, Inc. and Bryan Family Partnership II, LTD (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Form S-4/A, filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 10.13 First Amendment to Industrial Lease Agreement, dated October 7, 2014, by and between View, Inc. and 195 S. Milpitas Boulevard, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Form S-4/A, filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 10.14 Second Amendment to Industrial Lease Agreement, dated October 2, 2017, by and between View, Inc. and Jefferson Fields, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Form S-4/A, filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 10.15 Industrial Lease Agreement, dated July 30, 2010, by and between Soladigm, Inc. and Industrial Developments International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Form S-4/A, filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 10.16 First Amendment To Industrial Lease Agreement, dated September 10, 2015, by and between View, Inc. and Industrial North American Properties XI, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Form S-4/A, filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 10.17 Second Amendment to Industrial Lease Agreement, dated March 1, 2018, by and between View, Inc. and Industrial North American Properties XI, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Form S-4/A, filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 10.18 Form of Stockholder Voting Agreement, by and among CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II and certain stockholders of View, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form S-4/A, filed with the SEC on February 11, 2021). 
 10.19 View, Inc. Employee Cash Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 14, 2021). 
 10.20 Forms of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 7, 2021). 
 10.21 Forms of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 7, 2021). 
 10.22 Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement under the 2021 Chief Executive Officer Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 7, 2021). 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 10.23+ Primary Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2022, by and between View, Inc. and CF Principal Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022). 
 10.24 Standby Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2022, by and between View, Inc. and YA II PN, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022). 
 10.25 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2022, by and among View, Inc., CF Principal Investments LLC and YA II PN, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022). 
 10.26 Form of First Amendment to the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the View, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive RSUs) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022). 
 10.27 Forms of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 7, 2022). 
 10.28 Forms of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 7, 2022). 
 10.29 Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement under the 2021 Chief Executive Officer Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 7, 2022). 
 10.30+ Investment Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2022, by and among View, Inc. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2022). 
 10.31+ Agreement for Strategic Planning and Consulting Services, dated as of October 25, 2022, by and between View, Inc. and RXR FP Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2022). 
 10.32 Letter Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2022, by and between View, Inc. and CF Principal Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2022). 
 10.33 Letter Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2022, by and among View, Inc., RXR FP Investor LP and RXR FP Investor II LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2022). 
 10.34 Letter Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2022, by and between View, Inc. and RXR FP Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2022). 
 10.35 Forms of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant for Directors and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10.36 Forms of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 14.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of View, Inc. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of View, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH XBRL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL, contained in Exhibit 101 attachments 
 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 + Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 133 

Table of Contents 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 
 View, Inc. Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Rao Mulpuri Name: Rao Mulpuri Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 View, Inc. Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Rao Mulpuri Name: Rao Mulpuri Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Amy Reeves Name: Amy Reeves Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Delos (Toby) Cosgrove Name: Delos (Toby) Cosgrove Title: Chairman Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Julie Larson-Green Name: Julie Larson-Green Title: Director Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Lisa Picard Name: Lisa Picard Title: Director Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Nigel Gormly Name: Nigel Gormly Title: Director Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Scott Rechler Name: Scott Rechler Title: Director 
 
 134 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 view-20221231x10kex43.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.3 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 The following summary of certain material terms of View, Inc. (the Company or View securities is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities. You should refer to our Amended and Restated Bylaws (our Bylaws and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our Certificate of Incorporation, and together with our Bylaws, our Organizational Documents ), which are included as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The summary below is also qualified by reference to the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as applicable. 
 Authorized and Outstanding Stock 
 Pursuant to the terms of our Certificate of Incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of a total of 601,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of (1) up to 600,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and (2) up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our issued and outstanding share capital consisted of (i) 221,735,925 shares of Class A common stock, held of record by approximately 97 holders, (ii) 0 shares of preferred stock and (iii) 17,033,303 warrants (as defined below). Such numbers do not include DTC participants or beneficial owners holding shares through nominee names. 
 Voting Power 
 Each holder of View common stock is entitled to one (1) vote in person or by proxy for each share of common stock held of record by such holder. The holders of shares of View common stock will not have cumulative voting rights. Except as otherwise required in View s Organizational Documents or by applicable law, or as permitted by the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or quotation system on which View s securities are listed or quoted for trading, any question brought before any meeting of the holders of View capital stock, other than the election of directors, will be decided by the vote of the holders of a majority of the total number of votes of View s capital stock present at the meeting in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such question, voting as a single class. 
 Dividends 
 Subject to any other provisions of View s Certificate of Incorporation, each holder of View common stock will be entitled to receive, in proportion to the number of shares of View common stock, such dividends and other distributions in cash, stock or property of View when, as and if declared thereon by the View Board of Directors (the Board from time to time out of assets or funds of View legally available therefor. 
 Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up (either voluntary or involuntary) of View, after payments to creditors of View that may at the time be outstanding, and subject to the rights of any holders of View preferred stock that may then be outstanding, holders of shares of View common stock will be entitled to receive ratably, in proportion to the number of shares of View common stock held by them, all remaining assets and funds of View available for distribution. 
 Preemptive or Other Rights 
 No holder of common stock shall be entitled to preemptive or subscription rights. 

Election of Directors 
 The election of directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. View s Organizational Documents do not provide for a staggered board. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our Board is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional, special and other rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our Board may, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have antitakeover effects. The ability of our Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 
 Warrants 
 Public Warrants 
 Following the business combination between CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II and View Operating Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Business Combination ), there were 16,666,637 public warrants Public Warrants and 366,666 private placement warrants (the Private Placement Warrants and collectively with the Public Warrants, the warrants outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on August 31, 2021 (12 months from the closing of the CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II initial public offering (the CF II IPO )), except as described below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, dated as of August 26, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company Continental and us (the Warrant Agreement ), a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of our Class A common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Business Combination, at 5 00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption. 
 We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of the Business Combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC, and within 60 business days following the closing of the Business Combination, to have declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance 

with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by exchanging the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the warrant price and the fair market value (as defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the volume weighted last reported average price of the Class A common stock as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the date that notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent from the holder of such warrants or its securities broker or intermediary. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants) 
 in whole and not in part 
 at a price of 0.01 per warrant 
 upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period, to each warrant holder and 
 if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 We have established the 18.00 per share (as adjusted) redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 
 Redemption Procedures and Cashless Exercise. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis (such option, the Cashless Exercise Option ). In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the warrant price and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants. If our management takes advantage of this Cashless Exercise Option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this Cashless Exercise Option feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this Cashless Exercise Option, CF Finance Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their Private Placement Warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula 

described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had management taken advantage of this Cashless Exercise Option, as described in more detail below. 
 A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments. If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value (defined below) will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (1) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock) multiplied by (2) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes, (1) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (2) fair market value means the volume weighted last reported average price of the Class A common stock as reported during the ten trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than as described above or certain ordinary cash dividends, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. 
 If the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 
 Whenever the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a merger or consolidation in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A common stock 

immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such merger or consolidation, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such merger or consolidation that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a stockholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A common stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustments (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the Warrant Agreement. Additionally, if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the Warrant Agreement based on the per share consideration minus Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) of the warrant. 
 The warrants have been issued in registered form under a Warrant Agreement between Continental, as warrant agent and us. Warrant holders should review a copy of the Warrant Agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement with respect to the CF II IPO, for a description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Warrant Agreement may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity, or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained therein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties thereto may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest of any holder and (ii) providing for the delivery of an alternative issuance in the case of a reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution. All other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the Warrant Agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, at least a majority of the holders of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. 
 The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share of Class A common stock held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 
 Private Placement Warrants 
 Sponsor purchased 1,100,000 private placement units, each unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one warrant, at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of 11,000,000 in a private placement that occurred concurrently with the CF II IPO. The units separated into their component parts consisting of the private placement shares (the Private Placement Shares and the Private Placement Warrants on the Business Combination closing date. With certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants were not 

transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, each of whom was subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the period ended April 7, 2021. The Private Placement Warrants will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 
 Sponsor, or its permitted transfers, has the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cash or cashless basis and is entitled to certain registration rights. Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants being sold in this offering. If holders of the Private Placement Warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the warrant price and the fair market value (as defined below), by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of exercise of the warrant is sent to the warrant agent. If a holder of private placement warrants is affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the shares of Class A common stock received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. 
 Dividends 
 The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon View s revenue and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of the View Board. View does not anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of its common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 In addition, under Delaware law, the View Board may declare dividends only to the extent of View s surplus (which is defined as total assets at fair market value minus total liabilities, minus statutory capital) or, if there is no surplus, out of View s net profits for the then-current and or immediately preceding fiscal year. 
 Transfer Agent 
 The transfer agent for our common stock and warrants is Continental. We have agreed to indemnify and hold harmless Continental (and its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents and controlling persons) in its roles as transfer agent from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities arising out of or in connection with Continental s duties as transfer agent, except for the willful misconduct, bad faith, or gross negligence of such indemnified party. 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law, the Charter and Bylaws 
 Our Organizational Documents contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together, these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Unless otherwise noted, references to certain Articles are to such Articles of View s Certificate of Incorporation. Certain of these provisions provide 
 no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates (Article FOURTH, Section (b)(2)) 

the requirement that directors may only be removed from the Board for cause (Article FIFTH, Section (d)) 
 the right of our Board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director in certain circumstances, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board (Article FIFTH, Section (d)) 
 a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders (Article EIGHTH) and 
 advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our Board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a meeting of stockholders, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company (see Sections 15 and 16 of View s Bylaws). 
 Forum Selection 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation includes a forum selection clause, which provides that, unless View consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum (an Alternative Forum Consent ), the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of View, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a duty (including any fiduciary duty) owed by any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of View to View or View s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against View or any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of View arising out of or relating to any provision of the DGCL or View s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws (each, as in effect from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim against View or any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of View governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware provided, however, that, in the event that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding shall be another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in each such case, unless the Court of Chancery (or such other state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, as applicable) has dismissed a prior action by the same plaintiff asserting the same claims because such court lacked personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party named as a defendant therein. Unless View gives an Alternative Forum Consent, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 Listing 
 Our Class A common stock and warrants are traded on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations Nasdaq under the symbols VIEW and VIEWW, respectively. CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II s units, common stock and warrants were historically quoted on Nasdaq under the symbols CFIIU , CFII , and CFIIW , respectively. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.35>
 3
 view-20221231x10kex1035.htm
 EX-10.35

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.35 
 
 VIEW, INC. 
 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT FOR DIRECTORS 
 
 Participant Name 
 You have been granted the right to receive an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant for Directors (the Notice of Grant ), the View, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the attached Restricted Stock Unit Agreement the Award Agreement ), as set forth below. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this Notice of Grant shall have the meanings defined in the Plan. 
 Grant Number 
 Date of Grant 
 Vesting Commencement Date 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Subject to Section 3 of the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units underlying this Award (the RSUs will vest in accordance with the following schedule 
 If Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason before Participant vests in the RSUs, the RSUs and Participant s right to acquire any Shares hereunder will terminate in accordance with Section 3 of the Award Agreement. 

1 

By accepting this Award (whether electronically or otherwise), Participant acknowledges and agrees to the following 
 1. This Award is governed by the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement, the terms of the Plan will prevail. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Award Agreement and the Notice of Grant will have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 2. Participant has received a copy of the Plan, the Award Agreement, the Plan prospectus and any Insider Trading Policy and represents that Participant has read these documents and is familiar with their terms. Participant further agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions and interpretations of the Administrator (or its delegees) regarding any questions relating to this Award and the Plan. 
 3. Vesting of the Award is subject to Participant s continuous status as a Service Provider, which is for an unspecified duration and may be terminated at any time, with or without Cause, and nothing in the Award Agreement or the Plan changes the nature of that relationship. 
 4. The Company is not providing any tax, legal, or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding participation in the Plan. Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 5. Participant consents to electronic delivery and participation as set forth in the Plan and the Award Agreement. 
 PARTICIPANT VIEW, INC. Signature By Print Name Title 

2 

VIEW, INC. 
 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 1. Grant . The Company hereby grants to the individual (the Participant named in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant (the Notice of Grant an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the View, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), subject to all of the terms and conditions in the Notice of Grant, this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 19 of the Plan, if there is a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 
 2. Company s Obligation to Pay . Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive a Share on the date it vests. Unless and until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Section 3, Participant will have no right to receive Shares pursuant to any such Restricted Stock Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Units will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company. Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with Section 3 will be settled by delivery of whole Shares as set forth herein to Participant (or in the event of Participant s death, to his or her estate), subject to Participant satisfying any Tax-Related Items as set forth in Section 7. Subject to the provisions of Section 4, such vested Restricted Stock Units will be settled by delivery of whole Shares as soon as practicable after vesting, but in each such case within the period ending no later than the date that is two and one-half (2 months from the end of the Company s tax year that includes the applicable vesting date. In no event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year in which Shares will be issued upon payment of any Restricted Stock Units under this Award Agreement. 
 3. Vesting Schedule . The Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in accordance with any of the provisions of this Award Agreement or the Notice of Grant, unless Participant will have been continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. Status as a Service Provider for purposes of this Award will end on the day that Participant is no longer actively providing services as an Employee, Director or Independent Contractor and will not be extended by any notice period or garden leave that may be required contractually or under Applicable Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator (or any delegate) shall have the sole and absolute discretion to determine when Participant is no longer providing active service for purposes of Service Provider status and participation in the Plan. 
 4. Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with Participant s termination as a Service Provider (provided that such termination is a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to death, and if (x) Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service Provider and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Code Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following Participant s termination as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not be 
 3 

made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Participant s termination as a Service Provider, unless the Participant dies following his or her termination as a Service Provider, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be settled in Shares to the Participant s estate as soon as practicable following his or her death. It is the intent of this Award Agreement that it and all payments and benefits hereunder be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Code Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Award Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Code Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply. Each payment payable under this Award Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). For purposes of this Award Agreement, Code Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, and any final U.S. Treasury Regulations and U.S. Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time. 
 5. Forfeiture upon Termination of Status as a Service Provider . Notwithstanding any contrary provisions of this Award Agreement, any Restricted Stock Units that have not vested will be forfeited and will return to the Plan on the date Participant s status as a Service Provider ceases. 
 6. Death of Participant . Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Award Agreement will, if Participant is then deceased, be made to Participant s designated beneficiary, if so allowed by the Administrator in its sole discretion, or if no beneficiary survives Participant, the administrator or executor of Participant s estate. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any Applicable Laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer. 
 7. Tax Obligations . 
 (a) Responsibility for Taxes . As a condition to the grant, vesting and settlement of the RSUs, Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the affiliate to which Participant provides services (the Service Recipient ), the ultimate liability for any or all applicable national, local, or other tax or social contribution, withholding, required deductions, or other payments, if any, that arise upon the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the holding or subsequent sale of Shares, and the receipt of dividends, if any, or otherwise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units or the Shares Tax-Related Items is and remains Participant s responsibility. Participant further acknowledges and agrees that Participant is solely responsible for filing all relevant documentation that may be required in relation to the Restricted Stock Units or any Tax-Related Items (other than filings or documentation that is the specific obligation of the Company or an affiliate pursuant to Applicable Laws) such as but not limited to personal income tax returns or reporting statements in relation to the grant, vesting or payment of the Restricted Stock Units, the holding of Shares or any bank or brokerage account, the subsequent sale of Shares, and the receipt of any dividends. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and the Service Recipient (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired under the Plan, and the receipt of dividends, if any and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the Restricted Stock Units or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items, or achieve any particular tax result. Participant also understands that Applicable Laws may require varying Share or Restricted Stock Unit valuation methods for purposes of calculating Tax-Related Items, and the Company assumes no responsibility or liability in relation to any such valuation or for any calculation or reporting of income or Tax-Related 
 4 

Items that may be required of Participant under Applicable Laws. Further, if Participant has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the date of grant and the date of any relevant taxable event, Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Service Recipient (or former Service Recipient, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, no certificate representing the Shares will be issued to Participant, unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Administrator) will have been made by Participant with respect to the payment of any Tax-Related Items which the Company determines must be withheld with respect to such Shares. 
 (b) Satisfaction of Tax-Related Items . As a condition to the grant and vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and as set forth in Section 16 of the Plan, Participant hereby agrees to make adequate provision for the satisfaction of (and will indemnify the Company and any affiliate for) any Tax-Related Items. In this regard, Participant authorizes the Company and or the Service Recipient or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (i) by receipt of a cash payment from Participant (ii) by withholding from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company or the Service Recipient (iii) withholding Shares that otherwise would be issued to Participant upon payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units (provided that amounts withheld shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Company s minimum tax withholding obligations) (iv) by withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units through a voluntary sale or a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization), or (v) by any other arrangement approved by the Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, Participant s obligations with respect to all Tax-Related Items shall be satisfied by the Company withholding Shares that otherwise would be issued to Participant upon payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units provided that amounts withheld shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Company s minimum tax withholding obligations. Any Shares withheld pursuant to this Section 7 shall be valued based on the Fair Market Value as of the date the withholding obligations are satisfied. Furthermore, Participant agrees to pay the Company, any affiliate or Service Recipient any Tax-Related Items that cannot be satisfied by the foregoing methods. 
 8. Rights as Stockholder . Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until such Shares will have been issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). After such issuance, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares, but prior to such issuance, Participant will not have any rights to dividends and or distributions on such Shares. 
 9. No Guarantee of Continued Service or Grants . PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF SHALL OCCUR ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE SERVICE RECIPIENT OR CONTRACTING ENTITY (AS APPLICABLE) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE 
 5 

RIGHT OF THE SERVICE RECIPIENT OR THE COMPANY (OR ANY AFFILIATE) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAWS. 
 Participant also acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time (b) the grant of Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past (c) all decisions with respect to future awards of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company (d) Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary (e) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are extraordinary items that do not constitute regular compensation for services rendered to the Company or the Service Recipient, and that are outside the scope of Participant s service contract, if any (f) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation (g) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, or end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company or the Service Recipient, subject to Applicable Laws. 
 10. Address for Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company, in care of its Secretary at View, Inc., 195 S. Milpitas Blvd, Milpitas, CA 95035, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing. 
 11. Grant is Not Transferable . Except to the limited extent provided in Section 6, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby may not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of Applicable Laws or otherwise) and may not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void. 
 12. Binding Agreement . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Award Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 13. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock and Imposition of Other Requirements . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or compliance of the Shares upon or with any securities exchange or under any Applicable Laws, the tax code and related regulations or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, compliance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Where the Company determines that the delivery of any Shares will violate any state, federal or foreign securities or exchange laws or other Applicable Laws, the Company will defer delivery until the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that the delivery of 
 6 

Shares will no longer cause such violation. The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any Applicable Laws or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority or securities exchange. The Company shall not be obligated to issue any Shares pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units at any time if the issuance of Shares violates or is not in compliance with any Applicable Laws. 
 Furthermore, the Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with any Applicable Laws or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, Participant understands that the Applicable Laws of the country in which he or she is resident at the time of grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the holding or disposition of Shares (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor or other matters) may restrict or prevent the issuance of Shares or may subject Participant to additional procedural or regulatory requirements he or she is solely responsible for and will have to independently fulfill in relation to the Restricted Stock Units or the Shares. Notwithstanding any provision herein, the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares shall be subject to any special terms and conditions or disclosures as set forth in the Company s bylaws, including any restrictions on the disposition of Shares acquired under the Plan. Participant also understands and agrees that if he or she works, resides, moves to, or otherwise is or becomes subject to Applicable Laws or company policies of another jurisdiction at any time, certain country-specific notices, disclaimers and or terms and conditions may apply to him or her as from the date of grant, unless otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 14. Plan Governs . This Award Agreement is subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. If there is a conflict between one or more provisions of this Award Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Award Agreement and the Notice of Grant will have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 15. Administrator Authority . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination regarding whether any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions taken, and all interpretations and determinations made, by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement. 
 16. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . By accepting this Award, Participant agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company, and consents to the electronic delivery of the Award Agreement, the Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses, and all other documents, communications, or information related to the Award and current or future participation in the Plan. Electronic delivery may include the delivery of a link to the Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail, or such other delivery determined at the Company s discretion. Participant may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost if Participant contacts the Company by telephone, through a postal service, or electronic mail to Stock Administration. 
 7 

17. Translation . If Participant has received this Award Agreement, including appendices, or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English, and the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 18. Captions . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement. 
 19. Agreement Severable . If any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Award Agreement. 
 20. Modifications to the Award Agreement . This Award Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Code Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Code Section 409A in connection to this Award of Restricted Stock Units. 
 21. Data Privacy . Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s Personal Data (as described below) by and among, as applicable, the Company, any affiliate or third parties as may be selected by the Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands that refusal or withdrawal of consent will affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan without providing consent, Participant will not be able to participate in the Plan or realize benefits (if any) from the Restricted Stock Units. 
 Participant understands that the Company and any affiliate or designated third parties may hold personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company or any affiliate, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Personal Data ). Participant understands that Personal Data may be transferred to any affiliate or third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in the United States, Participant s country (if different than the United States), or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. In particular, the Company may transfer Personal Data to the broker or stock plan administrator assisting with the Plan, to its legal counsel and tax accounting advisor, and to the affiliate or entity that is Participant s Service Recipient and its payroll provider. 
 Participant should also refer to any data privacy policy implemented by the Company (which will be available to Participant separately and may be updated from time to time) for more information regarding the collection, use, storage, and transfer of Participant s Personal Data. 
 
 8 

22. Foreign Exchange Fluctuations and Restrictions . Participant understands and agrees that the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty and may decrease. Participant also understands that neither the Company, nor any affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between local currency and the United States Dollar or the selection by the Company or any affiliate in its sole discretion of an applicable foreign currency exchange rate that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or Shares received (or the calculation of income or Tax-Related Items thereunder). Participant understands and agrees that any cross-border remittance made to transfer proceeds received upon the sale of Shares must be made through a locally authorized financial institution or registered foreign exchange agency and may require the Participant to provide such entity with certain information regarding the transaction. 
 23. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time. 
 24. Governing Law and Venue . This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Award of Restricted Stock Units or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Delaware, and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal court in San Francisco, California, and no other courts. 
 
 9 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.36>
 4
 view-20221231x10kex1036.htm
 EX-10.36

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.36 
 
 VIEW, INC. 
 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 
 
 Participant Name 
 You have been granted the right to receive an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant (the Notice of Grant ), the View, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the attached Restricted Stock Unit Agreement the Award Agreement ), as set forth below. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this Notice of Grant shall have the meanings defined in the Plan. 
 Grant Number 
 Date of Grant 
 Vesting Commencement Date 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Subject to Section 3 of the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units underlying this Award (the RSUs will vest in accordance with the following schedule 
 If Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason before Participant vests in the RSUs, the RSUs and Participant s right to acquire any Shares hereunder will terminate in accordance with Section 3 of the Award Agreement. 

1 

By accepting this Award (whether electronically or otherwise), Participant acknowledges and agrees to the following 
 1. This Award is governed by the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement, the terms of the Plan will prevail. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Award Agreement and the Notice of Grant will have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 2. Participant has received a copy of the Plan, the Award Agreement, the Plan prospectus and any Insider Trading Policy and represents that Participant has read these documents and is familiar with their terms. Participant further agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions and interpretations of the Administrator (or its delegees) regarding any questions relating to this Award and the Plan. 
 3. Vesting of the Award is subject to Participant s continuous status as a Service Provider, which is for an unspecified duration and may be terminated at any time, with or without Cause, and nothing in the Award Agreement or the Plan changes the nature of that relationship. 
 4. The Company is not providing any tax, legal, or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding participation in the Plan. Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 5. Participant consents to electronic delivery and participation as set forth in the Plan and the Award Agreement. 
 PARTICIPANT VIEW, INC. Signature By Print Name Title 

2 

VIEW, INC. 
 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 1. Grant . The Company hereby grants to the individual (the Participant named in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant (the Notice of Grant an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the View, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), subject to all of the terms and conditions in the Notice of Grant, this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 19 of the Plan, if there is a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 
 2. Company s Obligation to Pay . Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive a Share on the date it vests. Unless and until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Section 3, Participant will have no right to receive Shares pursuant to any such Restricted Stock Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Units will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company. Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with Section 3 will be settled by delivery of whole Shares as set forth herein to Participant (or in the event of Participant s death, to his or her estate), subject to Participant satisfying any Tax-Related Items as set forth in Section 7. Subject to the provisions of Section 4, such vested Restricted Stock Units will be settled by delivery of whole Shares as soon as practicable after vesting, but in each such case within the period ending no later than the date that is two and one-half (2 months from the end of the Company s tax year that includes the applicable vesting date. In no event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year in which Shares will be issued upon payment of any Restricted Stock Units under this Award Agreement. 
 3. Vesting Schedule . The Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in accordance with any of the provisions of this Award Agreement or the Notice of Grant, unless Participant will have been continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. Status as a Service Provider for purposes of this Award will end on the day that Participant is no longer actively providing services as an Employee, Director, or Independent Contractor and will not be extended by any notice period or garden leave that may be required contractually or under Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator (or any delegate) shall have the sole and absolute discretion to determine when Participant is no longer providing active service for purposes of Service Provider status and participation in the Plan. 
 4. Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with Participant s termination as a Service Provider (provided that such termination is a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to death, and if (x) Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service Provider and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Code Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following Participant s termination as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not be 
 3 

made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Participant s termination as a Service Provider, unless the Participant dies following his or her termination as a Service Provider, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be settled in Shares to the Participant s estate as soon as practicable following his or her death. It is the intent of this Award Agreement that it and all payments and benefits hereunder be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Code Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Award Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Code Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply. Each payment payable under this Award Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). For purposes of this Award Agreement, Code Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, and any final U.S. Treasury Regulations and U.S. Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time. 
 5. Forfeiture upon Termination of Status as a Service Provider . Notwithstanding any contrary provisions of this Award Agreement, any Restricted Stock Units that have not vested will be forfeited and will return to the Plan on the date Participant s status as a Service Provider ceases. 
 6. Death of Participant . Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Award Agreement will, if Participant is then deceased, be made to Participant s designated beneficiary, if so allowed by the Administrator in its sole discretion, or if no beneficiary survives Participant, the administrator or executor of Participant s estate. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any Applicable Laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer. 
 7. Tax Obligations . 
 (a) Withholding of Taxes . Regardless of any action the Company or Participant s employer (the Employer takes with respect to any or all applicable national, local, or other tax or social contribution, withholding, required deductions, or other payments, if any, that arise upon the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the holding or subsequent sale of Shares, and the receipt of dividends, if any, or otherwise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units or the Shares Tax-Related Items ), Participant acknowledges and agrees that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by Participant is and remains Participant s responsibility and may exceed any amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges and agrees that Participant is solely responsible for filing all relevant documentation that may be required in relation to the Restricted Stock Units or any Tax-Related Items (other than filings or documentation that is the specific obligation of the Company, an affiliate or Employer pursuant to Applicable Laws) such as but not limited to personal income tax returns or reporting statements in relation to the grant, vesting or payment of the Restricted Stock Units, the holding of Shares or any bank or brokerage account, the subsequent sale of Shares, and the receipt of any dividends. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired under the Plan, and the receipt of dividends, if any and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the Restricted Stock Units or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items, or achieve any particular tax result. Participant also understands that Applicable Laws may require varying Share or Restricted Stock Unit valuation methods for purposes of calculating Tax-Related Items, and the Company assumes no responsibility or liability in relation to any 
 4 

such valuation or for any calculation or reporting of income or Tax-Related Items that may be required of Participant under Applicable Laws. Further, if Participant has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the date of grant and the date of any relevant taxable event, Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, no certificate representing the Shares will be issued to Participant, unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Administrator) will have been made by Participant with respect to the payment of any Tax-Related Items which the Company determines must be withheld with respect to such Shares. 
 (b) Satisfaction of Tax-Related Items . As a condition to the grant and vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and as set forth in Section 16 of the Plan, Participant hereby agrees to make adequate provision for the satisfaction of (and will indemnify the Company and any affiliate for) any Tax-Related Items. In this regard, Participant authorizes the Company and or the Employer or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (i) by receipt of a cash payment from Participant (ii) by withholding from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company or the Employer (iii) withholding Shares that otherwise would be issued to Participant upon payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units (provided that amounts withheld shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Company s minimum tax withholding obligations) (iv) by withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units through a voluntary sale or a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization), or (v) by any other arrangement approved by the Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, Participant s obligations with respect to all Tax-Related Items shall be satisfied by the Company withholding Shares that otherwise would be issued to Participant upon payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units provided that amounts withheld shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Company s minimum tax withholding obligations. Any Shares withheld pursuant to this Section 7 shall be valued based on the Fair Market Value as of the date the withholding obligations are satisfied. Furthermore, Participant agrees to pay the Company, any affiliate or Employer any Tax-Related Items that cannot be satisfied by the foregoing methods. 
 8. Rights as Stockholder . Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until such Shares will have been issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). After such issuance, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares, but prior to such issuance, Participant will not have any rights to dividends and or distributions on such Shares. 
 9. No Guarantee of Continued Service or Grants . PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF SHALL OCCUR ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE EMPLOYER OR CONTRACTING ENTITY (AS APPLICABLE) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL 
 5 

NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE EMPLOYER OR THE COMPANY (OR ANY AFFILIATE) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAWS. 
 Participant also acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time (b) the grant of Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past (c) all decisions with respect to future awards of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company (d) Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary (e) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are extraordinary items that do not constitute regular compensation for services rendered to the Company or the Employer, and that are outside the scope of Participant s employment contract, if any (f) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation (g) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, or end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company or the Employer, subject to Applicable Laws. 
 10. Address for Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company, in care of its Secretary at View, Inc., 195 S. Milpitas Blvd, Milpitas, CA 95035, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing. 
 11. Grant is Not Transferable . Except to the limited extent provided in Section 6, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby may not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of Applicable Laws or otherwise) and may not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void. 
 12. Binding Agreement . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Award Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 13. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock and Imposition of Other Requirements . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or compliance of the Shares upon or with any securities exchange or under any Applicable Laws, the tax code and related regulations or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, compliance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Where the Company determines that the delivery of any Shares will violate any state, federal or foreign securities or exchange laws or other Applicable Laws, the Company will 
 6 

defer delivery until the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that the delivery of Shares will no longer cause such violation. The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any Applicable Laws or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority or securities exchange. The Company shall not be obligated to issue any Shares pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units at any time if the issuance of Shares violates or is not in compliance with any Applicable Laws. 
 Furthermore, the Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with any Applicable Laws or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, Participant understands that the Applicable Laws of the country in which he or she is resident at the time of grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the holding or disposition of Shares (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor or other matters) may restrict or prevent the issuance of Shares or may subject Participant to additional procedural or regulatory requirements he or she is solely responsible for and will have to independently fulfill in relation to the Restricted Stock Units or the Shares. Notwithstanding any provision herein, the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares shall be subject to any special terms and conditions or disclosures as set forth in the Company s bylaws, including any restrictions on the disposition of Shares acquired under the Plan. Participant also understands and agrees that if he or she works, resides, moves to, or otherwise is or becomes subject to Applicable Laws or company policies of another jurisdiction at any time, certain country-specific notices, disclaimers and or terms and conditions may apply to him or her as from the date of grant, unless otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 14. Plan Governs . This Award Agreement is subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. If there is a conflict between one or more provisions of this Award Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Award Agreement and the Notice of Grant will have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 15. Administrator Authority . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination regarding whether any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions taken, and all interpretations and determinations made, by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement. 
 16. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . By accepting this Award, Participant agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company, and consents to the electronic delivery of the Award Agreement, the Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses, and all other documents, communications, or information related to the Award and current or future participation in the Plan. Electronic delivery may include the delivery of a link to the Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail, or such other delivery determined at the Company s discretion. Participant may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost if Participant contacts the Company by telephone, through a postal service, or electronic mail to Stock Administration. 
 7 

17. Translation . If Participant has received this Award Agreement, including appendices, or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English, and the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 18. Captions . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement. 
 19. Agreement Severable . If any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Award Agreement. 
 20. Modifications to the Award Agreement . This Award Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Code Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Code Section 409A in connection to this Award of Restricted Stock Units. 
 21. Data Privacy . Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s Personal Data (as described below) by and among, as applicable, the Company, any affiliate or third parties as may be selected by the Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands that refusal or withdrawal of consent will affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan without providing consent, Participant will not be able to participate in the Plan or realize benefits (if any) from the Restricted Stock Units. 
 Participant understands that the Company and any affiliate or designated third parties may hold personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company or any affiliate, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Personal Data ). Participant understands that Personal Data may be transferred to any affiliate or third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in the United States, Participant s country (if different than the United States), or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. In particular, the Company may transfer Personal Data to the broker or stock plan administrator assisting with the Plan, to its legal counsel and tax accounting advisor, and to the affiliate or entity that is Participant s employer and its payroll provider. 
 Participant should also refer to any data privacy policy implemented by the Company (which will be available to Participant separately and may be updated from time to time) for more information regarding the collection, use, storage, and transfer of Participant s Personal Data. 
 
 8 

22. Foreign Exchange Fluctuations and Restrictions . Participant understands and agrees that the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty and may decrease. Participant also understands that neither the Company, nor any affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between local currency and the United States Dollar or the selection by the Company or any affiliate in its sole discretion of an applicable foreign currency exchange rate that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or Shares received (or the calculation of income or Tax-Related Items thereunder). Participant understands and agrees that any cross-border remittance made to transfer proceeds received upon the sale of Shares must be made through a locally authorized financial institution or registered foreign exchange agency and may require the Participant to provide such entity with certain information regarding the transaction. 
 23. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time. 
 24. Governing Law and Venue . This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Award of Restricted Stock Units or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Delaware, and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal court in San Francisco, California, and no other courts. 
 
 9 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-14.1>
 5
 view-20221231x10kex141.htm
 EX-14.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 14.1 
 
 VIEW, INC. 
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 
 
 Effective March 8, 2021 
 
 A. PURPOSE 
 
 This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (this Code is designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote 
 
 1. fair and accurate financial reporting 
 
 2. compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations including, without limitation, applicable anti- corruption laws, as well as full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that View, Inc. (together with any subsidiaries, collectively the Company files with, or submit to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in the Company s other public communications 
 
 3. the prompt internal reporting of violations of this Code as set forth in this Code 
 
 4. honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest and 
 
 5. a culture of honesty and accountability. 
 
 This Code applies to all directors, officers and employees (who, unless otherwise specified, will be referred to jointly as personnel of the Company, as well as Company contractors, consultants and agents. This Code serves as a guide, and the Company expects personnel to use good judgment and adhere to the high ethical standards to which the Company is committed. For purposes of this Code, the Company s General Counsel serves as the Compliance Officer. The Compliance Officer may designate others, from time to time, to assist with the execution of his or her duties under this Code. 
 
 Personnel are expected to read the policies set forth in this Code and ensure that they understand and comply with them. The Compliance Officer is responsible for applying these policies to specific situations in which questions may arise and has the authority to interpret these policies in any particular situation. You should direct any questions about this Code or the appropriate course of conduct in a particular situation to your manager, the Compliance Officer or Human Resources, who may consult with the Company s outside legal counsel or the Company s board of directors (the Board ), as appropriate. 
 
 You should read this Code in conjunction with other policies applicable to personnel. 
 
 B. FINANCIAL REPORTS AND OTHER RECORDS DISCLOSURE 
 
 Personnel are responsible for the accurate and complete reporting of financial information within their respective areas and for the timely notification to senior management of financial and non-financial information that may be material to the Company to ensure full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with government agencies or releases to the general public. 
 
 All personnel involved in the Company s disclosure process must familiarize themselves with the disclosure requirements applicable to the Company and the business and financial operations of the Company, and must not knowingly misrepresent, or cause others to misrepresent, facts about the Company to others, whether within or outside the Company, including to the Company s independent auditors, governmental regulators and self-regulatory organizations. 
 1 

Personnel must maintain all of the Company s books, records, accounts and financial statements in reasonable detail, and reflect the matters to which they relate accurately, fairly and completely. Furthermore, personnel must ensure that all books, records, accounts and financial statements conform both to applicable legal requirements and to the Company s system of internal controls. Personnel must carefully and properly account for all assets of the Company. Personnel may not establish any undisclosed or unrecorded account or fund for any purpose. Personnel shall not make any false or misleading entries in the Company s books or records for any reason, or disburse any corporate funds or other corporate property without adequate supporting documentation and authorization. Personnel shall not misclassify transactions related to accounts, business units or accounting periods. All personnel bear responsibility for ensuring that they are not party to a false or misleading accounting entry. 
 
 C. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
 You must act and behave in the Company s best interests and not based on personal relationships or benefits. You should avoid situations where your personal activities and relationships conflict, or appear to conflict, with the Company s interests. 
 
 The following is a non-exhaustive list of examples of conflicts of interest to be avoided 
 
 1. Family Members. Personnel may not conduct business on behalf of the Company with family members or an organization with which a family member is associated, unless such business relationship has been disclosed to, and authorized by, the Company and is a bona fide arms-length transaction. 
 
 2. Interests in Other Businesses. Personnel may not accept compensation in any form for services performed for the Company from any source other than the Company. Personnel should not have an undisclosed material financial interest in a competitor, supplier, customer or business partner of the Company. 
 
 3. Improper Conduct and Activities. Personnel may not engage in any conduct or activities that materially disrupt or impair the Company s relationship with any person or entity with which the Company has or proposes to enter into a business or contractual relationship. 
 
 4. Gifts and Gratuities. This Code does not prohibit modest meals, gifts, or entertainment to or from private third parties that conduct business with the Company, provided the value is reasonable (not lavish or excessive), is appropriate, related to a legitimate business purpose, lawful under local laws, and properly recorded in the Company s books and records. Any questions about gifts and gratuities should be directed to the Compliance Officer. 
 
 5. Personal Use of Company Assets. Personnel should treat Company owned equipment with care and use the equipment and tools with the Company s interests in mind. Personnel should also use good judgment in using Company assets for personal matters. The Company permits reasonable personal use of Company owned equipment, but personnel should be aware that all electronic information and equipment remain the sole property of the Company. 
 
 6. Significant Relationships. Conflicts of interest can arise based on the activities of third parties in significant relationships (e.g., domestic partners, dating relationships, etc.). An actual or potential conflict of interest occurs when an individual is in a position to influence a decision that may result in a personal gain for that individual as a result of business dealings with the Company (e.g., a personal relationship with subordinate personnel or vendors). In addition, personal or romantic involvement with a competitor, supplier or subordinate personnel of the Company creates an actual or potential conflict of interest. In cases where there is an actual or potential conflict because of the relationship between personnel or others engaged in business dealings with the Company, even if there is no line of authority or reporting involved, the individual(s) may, at the Company s sole discretion, be separated by reassignment or terminated from employment. 
 
 2 

7. Employment of Relatives. The Company may hire relatives of personnel where there are no potential problems of supervision, morale or potential conflicts of interest. Personnel who marry or become related will be permitted to continue to work as long as there are no substantial conflicts. Reasonable accommodations will be made when possible in the event a conflict arises. 
 
 Evaluating whether a conflict of interest exists can be difficult and may involve a number of considerations. Personnel should seek guidance from their manager, the Compliance Officer or Human Resources when they have any questions or doubts. 
 
 If you become aware of any of the relationships or conduct described above or actual or potential conflict of interest where your interests may conflict with the Company s interests, or are concerned that a conflict might develop, you should report such conflict and discuss it with your manager, the Compliance Officer or Human Resources and then obtain approval from the Compliance Officer before engaging in that activity or accepting something of value. Failure to comply with this policy may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination. 
 
 D. CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES 
 
 Except as otherwise set forth in the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws, personnel owe a duty to the Company to advance the Company s business interests when the opportunity to do so arises. Personnel are prohibited from taking or directing to a third party to take, a business opportunity that is discovered through the use of corporate property, information or position, unless the Company has already been offered the opportunity and turned it down. Personnel are further prohibited from competing with the Company directly or indirectly during their employment with the Company and as otherwise provided in any written agreement with the Company. 
 
 Sometimes the line between personal and Company benefits is difficult to draw, and sometimes there are both personal and Company benefits in certain activities. Personnel should discuss with their manager, the Compliance Officer or Human Resources if they have any questions. 
 
 E. PROTECTION OF ASSETS, CONFIDENTIALITY AND COMMUNICATIONS 
 
 All personnel should endeavor to protect the Company s assets and ensure their efficient use. Any suspected incident of fraud or theft should be reported immediately to the person s manager, the Compliance Officer or Human Resources for investigation. 
 
 In carrying out the Company s business, personnel may learn confidential or proprietary information about the Company, its customers, suppliers or business partners. Confidential or proprietary information of the Company, and of other companies, includes any non-public information that would be harmful to the relevant company or useful to competitors if disclosed. 
 
 Personnel must maintain the confidentiality of information about the Company and other companies entrusted to them by the Company, use the information only for permissible business purposes and in accordance with any restrictions imposed by the disclosing party, and limit dissemination of the confidential information, both inside and outside the Company, to people who need to know the information for business purposes and who are bound by similar obligations of confidentiality, unless disclosure is authorized or legally mandated. 
 
 The obligation to protect confidential information does not end when personnel leave the Company. Any questions about whether information is confidential should be directed to the Compliance Officer. 
 
 Any personnel who are contacted by a member of the financial community, the press or any other outside organization or individual, should refer them to the Investor Relations Department. Similarly, any questions on overall business trends, business in different geographies, pricing, suppliers, new products or technologies, lawsuits or disputes or any other aspects of the Company s business should be referred to the Investor Relations Department. 
 
 3 

F. FAIR DEALING 
 
 The Company does not seek competitive advantages through illegal or unethical business practices. All personnel should endeavor to deal fairly with the Company s customers, service providers, suppliers, competitors, business partners and personnel. No personnel should take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or any unfair dealing practice. 
 
 G. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS 
 
 All personnel must respect and obey all laws when carrying out responsibilities on behalf of the Company and refrain from illegal conduct. Personnel have an obligation to be knowledgeable about specific laws, rules and regulations that apply to their areas of responsibility. If a law conflicts with a policy in this Code, personnel must comply with the law. Any questions as to the applicability of any law should be directed to the Compliance Officer. The following is a brief summary of certain topics about which personnel should be aware 
 
 1. Antitrust . Antitrust laws (or, as they are known in most of the world, competition laws) are designed to foster competitive markets and prohibit activities that unreasonably restrain trade. In general, actions taken in combination with another company that unreasonably reduce competition may violate antitrust laws. Certain types of agreements with competitors (including, but not limited to, agreements on prices and output) are always illegal and may result in criminal penalties such as prison terms for the individuals involved and large fines for the corporations involved. In addition, unilateral actions by a company with market power in the sale or purchase of a particular good or service may violate antitrust laws if those actions unfairly exclude competition. As a result of the numerous antitrust laws and enforcement regimes in various jurisdictions inside and outside the United States, at times it is possible that certain actions may simultaneously violate some jurisdictions antitrust laws while not violating other jurisdictions antitrust laws. 
 
 The Company is dedicated to complying with the numerous laws that govern competition. Any activity that undermines this commitment is unacceptable. The laws governing this area are complex, and personnel should reach out to the Compliance Officer before taking any action that may implicate these laws whenever appropriate. 
 
 2. Health, Safety and Environment . The Company works to conduct its business activities and operations in a manner that promotes protection of people and the environment to the extent practicable. Personnel are responsible for complying with all applicable laws, rules and regulations governing health, safety and the environment. 
 
 3. Fair Employment Practices . The Company strives to maintain a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Every individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and where discriminatory practices, including harassment, are prohibited. 
 
 The Company requires all personnel to treat all colleagues in a respectful manner and to forge working relationships that are uniformly free of bias, prejudice and harassment. The Company prohibits discrimination against or harassment of any team member on the basis of race, religion or religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), color, ethnic or national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), nationality, national origin, ancestry, immigration status or citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition (including genetic information or characteristics, or those of a family member), military service or veteran status, marital status or family care status, sexual orientation, family medical leave, gender (including gender identity, gender expression, transgender status or sexual stereotypes), political views or activity, status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking, or any other basis or classification protected by applicable federal, state or local law. 
 
 All personnel who are found to have discriminated against other personnel are subject to discipline up to and including termination. 
 
 4 

No individual will suffer any reprisals or retaliation for making complaints or reporting any incidents of discrimination or perceived discrimination, or for participating in any investigation of incidents of discrimination or perceived discrimination. The Company does not permit retaliation of any kind for good faith reports of discrimination or perceived discrimination. 
 
 4. Insider Trading . Under federal and state securities laws, it is illegal to trade in the securities of a company while in possession of material non-public information about that company. Because personnel will have knowledge of specific confidential information that is not disclosed outside the Company and may constitute material nonpublic information, trading in the Company s securities or in the securities of those companies with which the Company does business or tipping to others who trade could constitute insider trading, which is illegal. It is personnel s responsibility to comply with these laws and not to share material nonpublic information. Certain personnel, including directors, officers and other designated employees, are prohibited from trading in the Company s securities during quarterly blackout periods and certain event-specific blackouts. These persons must also obtain pre-clearance of all transactions involving Company securities during open trading windows. Please refer to the Company s Insider Trading Policy for additional details. 
 
 5. Anti-Money Laundering . The Company is committed to complying fully with all anti-money laundering laws. Money laundering generally involves conducting a transaction to conceal the illegal origins of funds or to facilitate illegal activity. The Company aims to conduct business only with reputable customers involved in legitimate business activities using funds derived from legitimate sources. Personnel should avoid engaging in any transaction that is structured in any way that could be viewed as concealing illegal conduct or the tainted nature of the proceeds or assets at issue in the transaction. 
 
 6. U.S. Economic Sanctions Compliance and Export Controls . The Company requires compliance with laws and regulations governing trade in both the United States and in the countries where the Company conducts its business. A number of countries maintain controls on the export of hardware, software and technology. Some of the strictest export controls are maintained by the United States against countries and certain identified individuals or entities that the U.S. government considers unfriendly or as supporting international terrorism. These controls include 
 
 a. restrictions on the export and reexport of products, services, software, information or technology that can occur via physical shipments, carrying by hand, electronic transmissions (e.g., emails, distribution of source code and software) and verbal communications 
 
 b. sanctions and embargoes that restrict activities including exports, monetary payments, travel and the provision of services to certain individuals (including individuals and entities included in, and owned or controlled by an individual or entity included in, the List of Specially Designated Nationals & Blocked Persons, the Sectoral Sanctions Identifications (SSI) List or Foreign Sanctions Evaders List maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or any other applicable list of sanctioned, embargoed, blocked, criminal or debarred persons maintained by any U.S. or non-U.S. government, the European Union, Interpol, the United Nations, the World Bank or any other public international organization relevant to Company business), companies and countries 
 
 c. international boycotts not sanctioned by the U.S. government that prohibit business activity with a country, its nationals or targeted companies and 
 
 d. imports of products that are subject to the importing country s customs laws and regulations, which apply regardless of the mode of transportation, including courier shipments and carrying by hand. 
 
 Personnel must comply with all applicable trade controls and must not cause the Company to be in violation of those laws. If personnel become aware of any information suggesting that the Company has or may in the future engage in a transaction that could violate applicable economic sanctions, they should report this 
 5 

information to the Compliance Officer immediately. In addition, please consult the Compliance Officer in relation to any proposed export of Company products or services. 
 
 7. Maintaining and Managing Records . The Company is required by local, state, federal, foreign and other applicable laws, rules and regulations to retain certain records and to follow specific guidelines in managing its records. Records include all recorded information, regardless of medium or characteristics. Civil and criminal penalties for failure to comply with such guidelines can be severe for personnel, agents, contractors and the Company. 
 
 8. Political Activities . The Company does not make contributions to political candidates or political parties except as permitted by applicable laws. Personnel engaging in political activity will do so as private citizens and not as representatives of the Company. Personnel s personal lawful political contribution, or decision not to make a contribution, will not influence such personnel s compensation, job security or opportunities for advancement. 
 
 H. BRIBERY, KICKBACKS, FRAUD AND CORRUPTION 
 
 The Company has a zero tolerance policy and strictly prohibits all forms of bribery and corruption, regardless of whether they involve a public official or a private person. Bribery and corruption are antithetical to the Company s commitment to operating with the utmost integrity and transparency and are also prohibited under the laws of most countries around the world, including pursuant to laws such as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010. As a result, the Company strictly prohibits its personnel and agents from offering, promising, or giving anything of value (e.g., cash, gifts, entertainment, job offers) to a Government Official, directly or indirectly, with the intention of influencing him or her in his or her capacity as a Government Official to obtain or retain business or obtain or retain a business advantage. An offer or a promise of a bribe, even if the Government Official rejects the offer or it fails to bring about the desired outcome, is also prohibited. 
 
 The term Government Official is broadly defined to include not only officials or employees of government agencies at any level (such as legislators, tax authorities, police officials, judges, etc.), but also employees of state-owned controlled enterprises (e.g., state-owned universities, hospitals, or infrastructure organizations) political parties and officials of political parties employees of public international organizations like the U.N. or the World Bank other people who act in an official capacity on behalf of any of the above and candidates for public office. This includes U.S. officials, as well as foreign officials. Offering, promising, or providing money or anything of value to a family member of a Government Official can also be considered an inappropriate payment to the official. 
 
 1. Grease or Facilitating Payments . All payments to Government Officials to secure an improper advantage, including payments made to Government Officials to expedite or to secure the performance of a routine governmental action, are strictly prohibited. 
 
 2. Meals, Entertainment, Gifts, and Travel to Government Officials . Company personnel and third-party agents are prohibited from providing meals, entertainment, or gifts (excluding gifts containing the Company logo or other Company insignia) to Government Officials without advance written approval from the Compliance Officer. Cash or cash equivalents (e.g., gift cards) should never be given to a Government Official as a gift. Similarly, the payment of travel or lodging expenses for Government Officials is prohibited unless advance written approval is obtained from the Compliance Officer. 
 
 3. Solicitation and Extortion . Payments to Government Officials are prohibited even when they are demanded by a Government Official or if the Government official threatens adverse action against the Company unless a payment is made. If a payment is made to protect an individual s health and safety, it should be immediately reported to the Compliance Officer and must be accurately recorded in the Company s books and records to reflect the amount and purpose of the payment. If at all practicable, contact should be made with the Compliance Officer 
 6 

before such a payment is made. If prior consultation is not practicable, the fact of payment and the circumstances should be reported as soon as is practicable thereafter. 
 
 4. Charitable Donations and Sponsorships . Charitable donations may also raise anti-corruption issues and implicate anti-corruption laws, particularly where a donation is to a charity with which a Government Official is associated. Such donations should only be made to registered and well respected charities, must not be made to gain or retain a business advantage, and must be approved in advance by the Compliance Officer. Additionally, all sponsoring contributions (i.e., contributions in money or in kind towards an event organized by a third party in return for the opportunity to advertise) must be transparent, pursuant to a written agreement, for legitimate business purposes, and commensurate with the consideration offered by the event host. 
 
 5. Commercial Transactions Involving Government Officials . When engaging in government contracting or transactions with state-owned or controlled enterprises, no payments or any other benefits that flow directly or indirectly to a Government Official may be provided. For example, a Government Official shall not be provided a commission for services or any other payment or benefit in connection with a government contract, tender, or bid regardless of whether such a payment or benefit is customary in the country in question. 
 
 6. Private Bribery and Kickbacks . The Company also prohibits its personnel and third-party agents from offering, promising, or giving anything of value to a private person, directly or indirectly, with the intention of inducing the person to improperly perform a relevant function or activity (such as his or her work) or to reward a person for having improperly performed a relevant function or activity. An offer or a promise of a bribe, even if the private person rejects the offer or it fails to bring about the desired outcome, is also prohibited. Company personnel are prohibited from using their positions at the Company to solicit, demand, accept, obtain, or be promised advantages. These are sometimes called kickbacks. 
 
 7. Relationships with Third Parties, Agents, and Business Partners . The Company strictly prohibits using an independent contractor, agent, consultant, intermediary, reseller, distributor, or other third party to pay or give a bribe. The actions of third parties present particular risks because in certain circumstances the Company and its personnel can be held liable for improper payments made by a third party, even if the Company did not have actual knowledge of the payment. Accordingly, the Code of Conduct provides for strict due diligence and controls when dealing with third parties who may interact with a Government Official or who may interact with private parties for or on behalf of the Company. 
 
 Whenever the Company seeks to engage a consultant, agent, representative, subcontractor or other third party Third Party in a context in which the Third Party may interact with a Government Official or act for or on behalf of the Company in private matters, the following guidelines must be followed 
 
 a. Due diligence must be performed to ensure that the Third Party is a bona fide and legitimate entity, is qualified to perform the services for which it will be retained, and maintains standards consistent with the ethical and reputational standards of the Company. Diligence should be tailored to the particular corruption risks of the situation. It should include external research and confirmation of the Third Party s qualifications, and an in-person meeting or interview with the Third Party itself or the principals of the Third Party. In addition to public profile information, it may be appropriate to have the Third Party respond to written questions regarding its structure, history, connections to Government Officials, and references. Diligence should be enhanced if there are red flags of improper activity (e.g., unusual or excessive payment requests or requests for payments in a different country). All documents relating to the due diligence should be retained in the Company s files. 
 
 b. Agreements with Third Parties must be in writing and must describe the services to be performed, the basis for compensation of the Third Party, the amounts to be paid, and other material terms and conditions of the representation, including compliance with applicable laws. 
 
 c. Payments to a Third Party should never be made in cash, and should be made to the Third Party s bank account in the country where the services are performed or where the Third Party s offices are located. 
 7 

d. After an agreement is executed and during the course of a relationship with a Third Party, Company personnel shall continue to ensure compliance with anti-corruption laws, including confirmation that the Third Party is actually performing the services for which it is being paid. If circumstances arise which raise a possible corruption concern, Company personnel should immediately discuss the concern with the Compliance Officer. 
 
 I. COMPLIANCE AND REPORTING 
 
 1. Seeking Guidance . Personnel are encouraged to seek guidance from their manager, the Compliance Officer or Human Resources when in doubt about the best course of action to take in a particular situation. In most instances, questions regarding this Code should be brought to the attention of the Compliance Officer. 
 
 2. Reporting Violations . If personnel know of or suspects a violation of this Code, or of applicable laws and regulations (including complaints or concerns about accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters), or personnel have concerns about a situation that they believe does not reflect the Company s culture and values, such personnel must report it immediately to their manager, the Compliance Officer or Human Resources. Personnel or third parties may also report concerns anonymously at https www.whistleblowerservices.com VIEW or +1 (888) 479-2043. All reports will be kept confidential, to the extent practical, except where disclosure is required to investigate a report or mandated by law. The Company does not permit retaliation of any kind for good faith reports of violations or possible violations. 
 
 3. Investigations . Reported violations will be promptly and thoroughly investigated. As a general matter, the Board will oversee investigations of potential violations by directors or executive officers, and the Compliance Officer will oversee investigations of potential violations by other personnel. However, it is imperative that the person reporting the violation not conduct an investigation on their own. Personnel are expected to cooperate fully with any appropriately authorized investigation, whether internal or external, into reported violations. Personnel should never withhold, tamper with or fail to communicate relevant information in connection with an appropriately authorized investigation. 
 
 In addition, personnel are expected to maintain and safeguard the confidentiality of an investigation to the extent possible, except as otherwise provided below or by applicable law. Making false statements to or otherwise misleading internal or external auditors, investigators, legal counsel, Company representatives, regulators or other governmental entities may be grounds for immediate termination of employment or other relationship with the Company and also be a criminal act that can result in severe penalties. 
 
 4. Sanctions . Personnel who violate this Code may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. Moreover, personnel who direct or approve of any conduct in violation of this Code, or who have knowledge of such conduct but do not immediately report it may also be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. A director who violates this Code or directs or approves conduct in violation of this Code shall be subject to action as determined by the Board. Furthermore, violations of some provisions of this Code are illegal and may subject personnel to civil and criminal liability. 
 
 5. Disclosure . Nothing in this Code limits or prohibits personnel from engaging for a lawful purpose in any Protected Activity. Protected Activity means filing a charge or complaint, or otherwise communicating, cooperating or participating, with any state, federal or other governmental agency, including the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the National Labor Relations Board. Notwithstanding any other policies in this Code (or elsewhere), personnel are not required to obtain authorization from the Company prior to disclosing information to, or communicating with, such agencies, nor are personnel obligated to advise the Company as to any such disclosures or communications. Notwithstanding, in making any such disclosures or communications, personnel must take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any information that may constitute Company confidential information to any parties other than the relevant government agencies. Protected Activity does not include the disclosure of any Company attorney-client privileged communications any such disclosure, without the Company s written consent, violates Company policy. 
 8 

J. WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS 
 
 Only the Company Board (or an appropriate committee) may waive any provisions of this Code for the benefit of a director or an executive officer (which includes without limitation, for purposes of this Code, the Company s principal executive, financial and accounting officers). Any waivers of this Code for other personnel may be made by the Company s General Counsel or the Board (or appropriate committee). 
 
 All amendments to the Code must be approved by the Board. Any waiver or amendment requiring disclosure will be promptly disclosed in accordance with applicable U.S. securities laws and or stock exchange listing standards. 
 
 K. ACKNOWLEDGMENT 
 
 All new personnel must sign an acknowledgment form confirming that they have read this Code and that they understand and agree to comply with its provisions. Signed acknowledgment forms will be kept in personnel files. Failure to read this Code or to sign an acknowledgment form does not excuse any person from the terms of this Code. 
 9 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 view-20221231x10kex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 VIEW, INC. 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction View Operating Corporation Delaware View Smart Building Technology, Inc. Canada Iotium, Inc. Delaware IoTium Systems Private Limited India IoTium Systems Australia PTY LTD Australia 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 view-20221231x10kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-268686) of View, Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2023 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 view-20221231x10kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Rao Mulpuri, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of View, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 31, 2023 s Rao Mulpuri Name Rao Mulpuri Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 view-20221231x10kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Amy Reeves, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of View, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 31, 2023 s Amy Reeves Name Amy Reeves Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 view-20221231x10kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of View, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rao Mulpuri, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 31, 2023 s Rao Mulpuri Name Rao Mulpuri Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 view-20221231x10kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of View, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Amy Reeves, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 31, 2023 s Amy Reeves Name Amy Reeves Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 view-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 view-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 view-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 view-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 view-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

