<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1889450_0001493152-23-010345.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3811700</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>221621</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>726014</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1038136</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>822273</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>921580</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010345.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331163635
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010345
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FutureTech II Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001889450
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				872551539
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41289
		FILM NUMBER:		23788474

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		128 GAIL DRIVE
		CITY:			NEW ROCHELLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10805
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9143164805

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		128 GAIL DRIVE
		CITY:			NEW ROCHELLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10805

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Future Tech II Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010345.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Global Market LLC 

The
 Global Market LLC 

The 
 Global Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the common stock outstanding, other than securities held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed
by reference to the closing sales price on June 30, 2022 for the Class A common stock, trading on such date, as reported on The Nasdaq
Global Market, was . 

As
of March 31, 2023 there were shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 
shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 1 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements; Summary of Risk Factors 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 3 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 9 

Item 2. Properties 
 9 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 10 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 
 
 PART II 
 10 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 10 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 11 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 11 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 12 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 12 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 12 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 13 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 13 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 13 
 
 PART III 
 14 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 14 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 18 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 18 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 20 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 21 
 
 PART IV 
 22 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 22 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 23 
 
 Signatures 
 24 

PART
I 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS; 

 SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS 

This
Annual Report contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements which are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Some of the statements in this Annual Report
constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or our future performance or future financial condition. These
forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our
company, our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding
our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting and any material weaknesses of the foregoing; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this Annual Report entitled
 Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be
required under applicable securities laws. 

We
use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, seeks, 
 plans, estimates, targets and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially
from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Part I -
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 

Although
we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove
to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these
and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statements in this Annual Report should not be regarded as
a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. 

1 

We
have based the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report,
and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised
to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we may file in the future with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports
on Form 8-K. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in
the section titled Risk Factors , alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and
you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

Our
 public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business
 combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
 of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

Our
 public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business
 combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
 of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

Your
 only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination
 will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless
 we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination. 

If
 we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders
 have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our
 public stockholders vote. 

The
 ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial
 condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
 for us to enter into an initial business combination with a target. 

The
 ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
 or optimize our capital structure. 

Our
 search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate
 a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing novel coronavirus
 COVID-19 outbreak. 

If
 we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors,
 officers and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders,
 which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and reduce the public
 float of our Class A common stock. 

If
 a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection
 with our initial business combination or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
 its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

2 

The
 securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate
 of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share
 redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

You
 will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain
 limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell
 your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq
 may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors 
 ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Because
 of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities,
 it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable
 to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
 10.20 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain
 circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If
 the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units not being
 held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next twelve
 (12) months (or up to eighteen (18) months), we may be unable to complete our initial business
 combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.20 per share, or
 less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Past
 performance by members of our management team or their affiliates may not be indicative of
 future performance of an investment in us. 

Our
 sponsor, FutureTech Partners II LLC, is controlled by non-U.S. person and has substantial
 ties to non-U.S. persons in China. As much, we may not be able to complete an initial business
 combination with a U.S. target company since such initial business combination may be subject
 to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the
 Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), and ultimately prohibited. 

Item
1. Business 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, 
 our and refer to FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on August 19, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
(the Business Combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated
with emerging growth companies. 

Our
efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location, although we currently
intend to focus on opportunities to acquire U.S. companies in the disruptive technology sector, for example, artificial intelligence,
or AI, robotic process automation, or Robotics, and any other related technology innovations market. We shall not undertake our initial
business combination with any entity with its principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). While we may pursue
an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on our management team s differentiated
ability to source, acquire and manage a business in the technology industry. 

3 

Our
management team is led by Yuquan Wang, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Yuquan Wang is a New York based investor
in hardware-based technologies. Mr. Wang is the Founding Partner of Haiyin Capital, a venture capital fund formed in 2008 that focuses
on investing in new technologies around the world. To date, Haiyin Capital has invested in hardware-based technology companies around
the world, with AI and Robotics as key fields of investment. Haiyin Capital s portfolio companies include Hanson Robotics, an AI
and Robotics company dedicated to creating socially intelligent, human-like machines that enrich the quality of human lives; Soft Robotics,
a company that designs and builds automated hand-like devices using proprietary soft robotic grippers and AI to solve problems related
to grasping items in industries such as food processing, consumer goods production, and logistics. Prior to being an investor, Mr. Wang
had 20 years of experience in the field of consulting and was the founder, first Chairman and Chief Advisor of Frost Sullivan (China
branch). Additionally, Mr. Wang is a frequent speaker on topics such as trends in technology and is featured on the Dedao Platform (a
provider of online education courses in China) and Toutiao (among the leading news apps in China over the past several years). Mr. Wang
has published articles on global technology trends and since 2017 has branded an annual 4-hour technology review show Mapping
Global Innovation annually, the review show has attracted on-site attendees and a large online following. Mr. Wang has written
four books on global innovation: Modularized Innovation , The Invisible Trends , Industry Insights Handbook and The
Indispensable China , which was Mr. Wang s latest book (the titles of these works are approximate translations). Mr. Wang believes
cross-border cooperation is crucial for the future global innovation, and therefore founded Innovation Map in 2016, a company that facilitates
cross-boundary business and cultural communication especially between United States and China. Mr. Wang currently serves as an advisor
to the George H.W. Bush Foundation for U.S.-China Relations. Mr. Wang earned his bachelor s degree in Biology from Beijing Normal
University. 

The
Company s sponsor is FutureTech Partners II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). On February
18, 2022, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common
stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000
(the Initial Public Offering ), including full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional Units. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 520,075
units (the Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of
 5,200,750 (the Private Placement ). The Placement Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve a public offering. 

A
total of 117,300,000, comprised of the proceeds from the Offering and the proceeds of private placements that closed on February 18,
2022, net of the underwriting commissions, discounts, and offering expenses, was deposited in a trust account established for the benefit
of our public stockholders. 

Our
Business Strategy 

We
believe that the Artificial Intelligence AI and Robotics sectors are evolving quickly and will experience substantial
growth in the coming years. AI and Robotics have the potential to improve social productivity, bring disruptive changes to human life,
safer work, more affordable products and services, smarter and more human-friendly infrastructures, new markets and more emerging employment
opportunities. AI and Robotics are becoming fully commercialized and bring profound changes to all industries. The opportunity for technology
companies serving these needs has never been greater, and we believe this trend will continue to generate significant value on a global
scale. 

Artificial
Intelligence 

We
believe that we are living in a digital era where AI is poised to reshape our lives. The continuous research and innovation directed
by the tech giants are driving the adoption of advanced AI technologies in industry verticals, such as automotive, healthcare, retail,
finance, and manufacturing. 

The
global artificial intelligence (AI) software market is forecast to grow rapidly in the coming years and reach approximately 126 billion
by 2025. We believe the development of AI will facilitate growth in a variety of industries such as auto driving, smart city, the Internet
of things IoT and Robotics. The investment in AI is also growing rapidly. According to IDC, global investment in AI is
projected to grow from approximately 50.1 billion in 2020 to over approximately 110.0 billion in 2024. 

4 

The
 global AI market reached a value of approximately 40.21 billion in 2020. 

The
 AI market is projected to experience strong growth during the next five years, growing by approximately 76.44 billion, representing
 a CAGR of approximately 21 during the forecast period of 2021 - 2025. 

North
 America is expected to represent approximately 56 of the worldwide market s overall growth. 

Robotics 

The
global market for robots is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of approximately 26 percent to reach just under
 210 billion by 2025. Robotics investments boomed during the COVID-19 pandemic. From March 2020 to March 2021, venture firms invested
approximately 6.3 billion into Robotics companies, an increase of nearly 50 from the 4.3 billion that such firms invested during the
prior 12-month period, according to an analysis by venture-capital database PitchBook for Forbes. 

Industrial
Robotics firms, which serve factories and warehouses, accounted for approximately 1.9 billion of such funding, a 90 increase from the
approximately 1.0 billion raised for the prior year, according to PitchBook for Forbes which represents nearly one-third of total
venture investment in that period, demonstrating the increased interest from venture investors in industrial innovation. The commercial
Robotics market was valued at 10.91 billion in 2020, and it is expected to reach a value of 58.56 billion by 2026, at a CAGR of 33.21 ,
during the forecast period (2021 - 2026). 

According
 to Mordor Intelligence, commercial robots are widely used in the field, as autonomous guided, drones, and in medical applications
 due to robots exceptional service as compared to traditional methods. 

Moreover,
 Mordor Intelligence notes that the medical Robotics sector has developed at a rapid rate, as the healthcare industry strongly generally
 favors innovation and the IoT industry and investments in Robotics have been the major contributors to the growth of this market. 

Our
Acquisition Criteria 

The
focus of our management team to create stockholder value by leveraging its experience to improve the efficiency of the business, while
implementing strategies to grow revenue and profits organically and/or through acquisitions. Consistent with our strategy, we have identified
the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we intend
to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may decide to enter into our initial business combination
with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to seek to acquire one or more companies that we believe
have: 

Market
 trend and focus 

We
will focus on hardware technology companies that have large market potentials, mainly in areas of AI and Robotics. Based on the factors
discussed elsewhere in this report, robots are becoming the underlying operating system of our society. Integrated with AI, robots can
perform complex tasks that require rich human experience. Various types of robots have been introduced into the market, such as cleaning
robots, hotel service robots, logistics robots, cruising robots, cooking robots and human-like social robots. These robots are gradually
being integrated into our daily lives and we believe that they will likely be significantly further popularized in the future. 

Opportunity
 for operational improvements 

We
will seek to identify businesses that we believe are stable but at an inflection point and would benefit from our ability to drive improvements
in the target s processes, go-to market strategy, product or service offering, sales and marketing efforts, geographical presence
and/or leadership team. 

5 

Leading
 industry position and competitive market advantage 

We
will seek to acquire a business whose products utilize a proprietary or patented technology, have a significant market position in a
specific geographic or technological niche, or have a significant market position in a specific geographic or technological niche, or
have some other form of distinct competitive advantage. The factors we intend to consider include management s credentials, growth
prospects, competitive dynamics, level of industry consolidation, need for capital investment, intellectual property, barriers to entry,
and merger terms. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business
combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that
our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that
does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder
communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer
documents that we would file with the SEC. 

In
addition to any potential business candidates we may identify on our own, we anticipate that other target business candidates will be
brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large
business enterprises 

Our
Acquisition Process 

In
evaluating a potential target business, we expect to conduct a comprehensive due diligence review to seek to determine a company s
quality and its intrinsic value. That due diligence review may include, among other things, financial statement analysis, detailed document
reviews, technology diligence, multiple meetings with management, consultations with relevant industry and academic experts, competitors,
customers and suppliers, as well as a review of additional information that we will seek to obtain as part of our analysis of a target
company. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect
that the independent members of our board of directors would be involved in the process for considering and approving the transaction. 

Members
of our management team, including our officers and directors, directly or indirectly own our securities and, accordingly, may have a
conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target company is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial
business combination. Each of our officers and directors, as well as our management team, may have a conflict of interest with respect
to evaluating a particular business combination, including if the retention or resignation of any such officers, directors, and management
team members was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to such business combination. 

We
have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. 

Each
of our directors, director nominees and officers presently have and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity.
Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers
or directors will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or complete our initial business
combination. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any
director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our company, and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal
obligation. 

6 

Our
founder, sponsor, officers, and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the
period in which we are seeking an initial business combination and their respective participation in any such companies may present additional
conflicts of interest in respect of determining to which such company a particular business combination opportunity should be presented,
particularly in the event there is overlap among the investment mandates of such companies. Additionally, one of our directors, Mr. Stein,
has invested in other blank check companies. We do not believe Mr. Stein s investments would affect our ability to identify and
pursue business opportunities or complete our initial business combination. 

Moreover,
because our management team has significant experience in identifying and executing multiple acquisition opportunities simultaneously
and we are not limited by industry or geography in terms of the acquisition opportunities we can pursue, except with respect to our prohibition
from seeking target acquisitions in China and Hong Kong. In addition, our founder, sponsor, officers, and directors are not required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time
among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we complete one or more initial business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the
value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of
directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. 

If
our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent
determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced
with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets
or prospects. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business for the post-acquisition company to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target or assets sufficient for it not to be required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Even
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial
business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest
in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our
initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction
company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets
test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate
value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for the purposes
of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

7 

The
net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the placement units released to us from the trust account upon the closing
of our initial business combination may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete our initial
business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released
from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemption
of our public shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate
purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest
due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
In addition, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination to
be used following the closing for general corporate purposes as described above. 

There
is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances
or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we
would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a
party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities
or otherwise. None of our sponsors, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with
or after our initial business combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination to fund
our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will
be prohibited from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account;
or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares: (a) on any initial business combination, or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to: (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination, or (y) amend the foregoing
provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) we offer our public
stockholders the opportunity to redeem their public shares 

Employees 

We
currently have two officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote
as much of their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs and intend to continue
doing so until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that our officers or any members of our management
team devote in any time period may vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and
the current stage of the initial business combination process. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
executive offices are located at 128 Gail Drive, New Rochelle, New York 10805, and our telephone number is (914) 316-4805. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

As
a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by
this Item. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this Annual Report are any of the risks described
in our final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material
adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Annual Report, except as follows, there
have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus dated February 14, 2022 filed with the SEC, our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 25, 2022, our Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2022. We may
disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

8 

We
may not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company since such initial business combination may be
subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in
the United States (CFIUS), and ultimately prohibited. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Our
sponsor, FutureTech Partners II LLC, is controlled by a non-U.S. person and has substantial ties with non-U.S. persons in China. Our
sponsor owns approximately 22.3 of our outstanding shares. Certain companies requiring federal-issued licenses in the United States,
such as broadcasters and airlines, may be subject to rules or regulations that limit foreign ownership. In addition, CFIUS is an interagency
committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign investment in the United States by foreign persons in order to
determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States. Therefore, because we may be considered a foreign
person under such rules and regulations, we could be subject to foreign ownership restrictions and/or CFIUS review if our proposed
business combination is between us and a U.S. target company engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security. The
scope of CFIUS was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA to include certain
non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying
U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subject certain categories of investments
to mandatory filings. Therefore, if our potential initial business combination with a U.S. target company falls within the scope of foreign
ownership restrictions, we may be unable to consummate a business combination with such target company. In addition, if our potential
business combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a
voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before
or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions
to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a
U.S. business of the combined company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance. The foreign ownership limitations,
and the potential impact of CFIUS, may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent us from pursuing certain initial
business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of
potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms
of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. 

Moreover,
the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our
initial business combination (12 months, or up to 18 months, if we extend the time to complete a business combination) our failure to
obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public shareholders
may only receive 10.10 per share initially, and our warrants would expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose any potential
investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation
in the combined company. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
executive offices are located at 128 Gail Drive, New Rochelle, New York 10805 and our telephone number is (914) 316-4805. We have agreed
to pay FutureTech Partners II LLC a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support
and the use of this office location is included in such 10,000 monthly payment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 66,000 was paid. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We consider
our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

9 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of business. Our management
believes that there are currently no claims or actions pending against us, the ultimate disposition of which could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols FTIIU, FTII 
and FTIIW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on February 16, 2022. Our Class B common stock is not listed
on any exchange. 

As of March 30, 2023, there were 2 holders of record of our units, 4 holders of record of our Class
A common stock, 5 holders of record of our Class B common stock and 1 holder of record of our warrants. A
substantially greater number of holders of Class A common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares of record
are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. As a result, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders
represented by the record holders of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

See
 Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering, below. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

On
February 18, 2022, we completed our Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 units. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock
and one redeemable warrant. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price
of 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000. 

10 

On
February 18, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private sale of 520,075 Placement Units to
the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 5,200,750. The Placement Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve a public offering. 

No
payments for our expenses were made in the offering described above directly or indirectly to (i) any of our directors, officers or their
associates, (ii) any person(s) owning 10 or more of any class of our equity securities or (iii) any of our affiliates, except in connection
with the repayment of outstanding loans and pursuant to the administrative support agreement disclosed herein which we entered into with
our sponsor. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our offering as described in our final prospectus
filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) related to the Initial Public Offering. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited
financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors,
including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on August 19, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business
Combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth
companies. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the Private Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital
or to complete our initial Business Combination will be successful. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception to December 31, 2021 were
organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering Initial Public Offering ), conducting
the Initial Public Offering and identifying a target company for a business combination. The Company will not generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering We incur expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses. 

For the year end December 31, 2022, we had net income of 700,015, which
consisted of investment income of 1,676,585, partially offset by expenses of 666,311 and tax expense of 310,259. 

For
the period from August 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 438 which consisted of formation costs. 

11 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations
in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until May 18, 2023 to complete a
Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate an initial Business Combination by this time. If an
initial Business Combination is not consummated by this date and the Company has not exercised its option to extend the deadline, there
will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the Company s inability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash
equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company had 262,756 in cash and no cash equivalents as of December
31, 2022. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. The underwriter is entitled
to a deferred fee of three percent (3.00 of the gross proceeds of the Offering upon closing of the Business Combination, or 3,450,000.
The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject
to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of audited financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the audited financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods
reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. As of December 31, 2022, there were no critical accounting policies. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our audited financial statements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

12 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ),
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the
design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls
and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design
of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for us. Under the supervision and with the participation of our Certifying Officers, our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria specified in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment, our management, including
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the internal control over financial
reporting was effective. Additionally, based on management s assessment, we determined that there were no material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

13 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Yuquan
 Wang 
 
 51 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Michael
 Greenall 
 
 61 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 
 
 Neil
 Bush 
 
 68 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Aroop
 Zutshi 
 
 61 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Jeffrey
 Moseley 
 
 68 
 
 Independent
 Director 

Yuquan
Wang, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Yuquan
Wang has been our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors since our inception. Mr. Wang has been the founding
partner of Haiyin Capital since January 2009. Additionally, Mr. Wang has served as a board member of Soft Robotics Inc. from February
2016 to January 2021. Mr. Wang served as a board member for Wicab, Inc. since July 2014 and as a board member of Cerevast Medical, Inc.
since October 2014. Since January 2003, Mr. Wang has served as a board member of Frost Sullivan (Beijing). Mr. Wang also currently
serves as a board member of T4Game since August 2013. In addition, Mr. Wang served as a board member of Hanson Robotics since March 2015.
Mr. Wang is the co-founder and has served as the chairman of Innovation Map since June 2016 and the Chairman of Innovation Map USA since
August 2017. Mr. Wang has served as an advisor to the George H.W. Bush Foundation for U.S.-China Relation since January 2021. Since May
2009, Mr. Wang has served as a board member of Easescent Wine. He also currently serves as a member of the board of Fuwen Enterprise
Management Consulting since December 2011, and Guangkong Haiyin Enterprise Management since October 2014. Mr. Wang is the CEO of FutureTech
Acquisition Corp., where he currently serves as a member of the board. 

Michael
Greenall, Chief Financial Officer, Director and Secretary 

Michael
Greenall has been our Chief Financial Officer, a member of our board of directors, and our Secretary since our inception. Mr. Greenall
has been advising family offices on investments and trading in the equity markets since January 2021. He is also the founder of Kairos
Villa - an eco-resort hotel in Malaysia. He served as the Managing Director and Head of Equity for BNP Paribas Malaysia from September
2014 to April 2016. Additionally, Mr. Greenall served as the Managing Director and Regional Head of Research and ASEAN strategist for
CIMB Securities from April 2016 to July 2018. Mr. Greenall was the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director for Value Partners Group
from July 2018 to June 2020. 

Neil
Bush, Independent Director 

Neil
Bush has served on our board of directors since February 2022. Mr. Bush has been the sole member of Neil Bush Global Advisors, LLC since
January 1998. Additionally, Mr. Bush has been on the board of directors for Hong Kong Finance Investment Holding Group since 2012. Mr.
Bush has also served as the co-chairman for CIIC since 2006 and as an adviser to CP Group since 2015. Further, Mr. Bush has served as
a partner for Asia America Consultants since March 2016 and the chairman of Singhaiyi since April 2013. Mr. Bush served on the
board of Greffex, Inc. since June 2020 and the Points of Light Foundation. Mr. Bush was appointed director of Rebound International,
LLC in early 2022. 

Aroop
Zutshi, Independent Director 

Aroop
Zutshi has served on our board of directors since February 2022. Mr. Zutshi has been the Global Managing Partner and Executive Board
Member for Frost Sullivan, a business consulting firm. since June 2020. From October 1997 to June 2020, Mr. Zutshi served as the
Global President and Managing Partner at Frost Sullivan. 

Jeffrey
Moseley, Independent Director 

Jeffrey
Moseley has served on our board of directors since February 2022. Mr. Moseley has served as the director of SNU Foundation since April
2016. Mr. Moseley previously served as director of Wallis Bank from April 2014 to February 2018. 

14 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We
have five directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year
and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first
fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Neil Bush, will expire
at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Jeffrey Moseley and Aroop
Zutshi, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office for the third class of directors consisting of Yuquan
Wang and Michael Greenall, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Prior
to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders
of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of
our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to nominate persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers may consist
of one or more chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary,
treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Executive
Officer and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date of our Initial Public Offering,
we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Other than
as set forth above, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect
of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors,
prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). Our officers and directors will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors, or our or their
affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other
than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement
payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating
an initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

15 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited
exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of
independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
established an audit committee of the board of directors. Neil Bush and Jeffrey Moseley serve as members of our audit committee, and
Aroop Zutshi chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least
three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Bush, Zutshi, and Moseley meet the independent
director standards under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Zutshi qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We
adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
 engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and
 establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited
 to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent
 registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
 authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken
 to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the
 independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
 prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
 or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
 reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Aroop Zutshi and Jeffrey Moseley serve as members of our compensation
committee, and Mr. Moseley chairs the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required
to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Zutshi and Moseley are independent. 

16 

We
adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our executive officers compensation, if any
 is paid by us, evaluating our executive officers performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving
 the remuneration (if any) of our executive officers based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for twelve (12) months
(or up to eighteen (18) months), for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation of any kind,
including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of
their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business
combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee
will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such
initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity
that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
Our independent directors will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605
of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee
charter in place. 

17 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
bylaws. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our
audit committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement for our Initial Public Offering. You can review these documents by
accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided
without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in
a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors, certain officers and any beneficial owners of more than 10 of our
common stock to file reports relating to their ownership and changes in ownership of our common stock with the SEC by certain deadlines.
Based on a review of Section 16 filings with respect to our Company made during or with respect to the preceding year, we are not aware
of any late Section 16(a) filings other than one late Form 3 report filed by Mr. Bush and one late Form 3 report filed by the Sponsor. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

None
of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind,
including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of
their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business
combination. However, our initial stockholders, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by
us. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management, or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of a stockholder meeting held to
consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and
director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report
on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. 

Since
our formation, we have not granted any stock options or stock appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive plans
to any of our executive officers or directors. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 30, 2023 by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

18 

In
the table below, percentage ownership is based on 15,010,075 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 12,135,075 shares of our Class
A common stock, and (ii) 2,875,000 shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of March 30, 2023. On all matters
to be voted upon, holders of the shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class. The
following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable
within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our
common stock beneficially owned by them. 

On
October 8, 2021, our sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per share, in exchange for the issuance of 2,875,000
shares of our Class B common stock. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets,
tangible or intangible. The per unit price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by
the number of founder shares issued. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Approximate 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Sponsor, Officers and Directors 

FutureTech Partners II LLC (2) 
 520,075 
 4.3 
 2,825,000 
 98.3 
 22.3 
 
 Yuquan Wang (2) 
 520,075 
 4.3 
 2,825,000 
 98.3 
 22.3 
 
 Michael Greenall 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

Neil Bush 
 - 
 - 
 10,000 

Aroop Zutshi 
 - 
 - 
 10,000 

Jeffrey Moseley 
 - 
 - 
 10,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group (five individuals) 
 520,075 
 4.3 
 2,875,000 
 100.0 
 22.6 
 
 5 Holders 

Karpus Management, Inc. (3) 
 1,120,277 
 9.2 
 - 
 - 
 7.5 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management LLC (4) 
 960,962 
 7.9 
 - 
 - 
 6.4 
 
 ATW SPAC Management LLC (5) 
 850,000 
 7.0 
 - 
 - 
 5.7 
 
 Boothbay Fund Management, LLC (6) 
 850,000 
 7.0 
 - 
 - 
 5.7 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (7) 
 768,503 
 6.3 
 - 
 - 
 5.1 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o FutureTech II Acquisition Corp., 128
 Gail Drive, New Rochelle, NY 10805. 
 
 (2) 
 FutureTech
 Partners II LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Yuquan Wang is a member. By virtue of this
 relationship, Mr. Wang may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by our sponsor. Mr. Wang disclaims
 any such beneficial ownership except to the extent of his pecuniary interest. 

19 

(3) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Karpus Management, Inc., a New York corporation, d/b/a Karpus Investment
 Management Karpus ). Karpus is controlled by City of London Investment Group plc, which is listed on the London Stock
 Exchange. Karpus holds shared voting and dispositive power over the shares owned directly by the accounts managed by Karpus and thus
 Karpus may be deemed the beneficial owner of these shares. The business address of Karpus is 183 Sully s Trail, Pittsford,
 New York 14534. 
 
 (4) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Shaolin Capital Management LLC Shaolin ), the business
 address of Shaolin is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. Shaolin holds 960,962 shares of Class A common stock. Shaolin
 serves as the investment advisor to Shaolin Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company, MAP 214 Segregated
 Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC, DS Liquid DIV RVA SCM LLC and Shaolin Capital Partners SP, a segregated portfolio of
 PC MAP SPC, being managed accounts being advised by Shaolin Capital Management LLC. 
 
 (5) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by ATW SPAC Management LLC. The shares are held by one or more private
 funds managed by ATW SPAC Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the ATW Adviser ), which has been delegated
 exclusive authority to vote and/or direct the disposition of such shares held by sub-accounts of one or more pooled investment vehicles
 managed by a Delaware limited liability company. Antonio Ruiz-Gimenez and Kerry Propper are managing members of the ATW Adviser.
 The address of the business office of the ATW Adviser is 17 State Street, Suite 2100, New York, New York, 10004. 
 
 (6) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 18, 2022 by Boothbay Fund Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 (the Boothbay Adviser ). Ari Glass is the Managing Member of the Boothbay Adviser. Certain subadvisors have been delegated
 the authority to act on behalf of one or more private funds managed by the Boothbay Adviser, including exclusive authority to vote
 and/or direct the disposition of certain shares held by such funds, and such shares may be reported in regulatory filings made by
 such subadvisors. The address of the reporting persons is 140 East 45th Street, 14th Floor, New York, New York 10017. 
 
 (7) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Saba
 Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Saba GP ), and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein
 Mr. Weinstein ). Saba Capital, Saba GP and Mr. Weinstein may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of these shares.
 The principal business address of Saba Capital, Saba GP and Mr. Weinstein is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York
 10174. 

The
founder shares held by our initial stockholders represent 19.2 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Because of this ownership
block, our initial stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our stockholders,
including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions including
our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares do not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors
prior to our initial business combination. 

Each
holder of the founder shares has agreed (a) to vote any founder shares owned by it in favor of any proposed business combination and
(b) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Our sponsor
and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities
laws. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

On
October 8, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,875,000 shares of Class B common stock to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase
price of 25,000 in cash. Such Class B common stock includes an aggregate of up to 375,000 shares that were subject to forfeiture by
the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would
collectively own at least 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Offering (assuming the initial stockholders
did not purchase any Public Shares in the Offering and excluding the Placement Units and underlying securities). The underwriters exercised
the over-allotment option in full so those shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The
initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Class B common stock (except to certain permitted transferees)
until the earlier of (i) one year after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or (ii) the date on which the closing
price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations
and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing six months after a Business Combination, or
earlier, in each case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange
or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock
for cash, securities or other property. 

20 

On
August 19, 2021, the Sponsor committed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of
March 31, 2022 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Note balance was 144,443 as of December 31, 2022 and the Company
is delinquent under the terms of the note. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor may provide us with a loan to the Company up
to 1,500,000 as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted upon
consummation of a Business Combination into additional Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding
under any Working Capital Loans. 

If
the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate the initial Business Combination within 12 months, the Company may, by
resolution of the board if requested by the Sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to two times,
each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a Business Combination), subject to the Sponsor depositing
additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
and the trust agreement entered into between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order for the time available
for the Company to consummate the initial Business Combination to be extended, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees, must deposit
into the Trust Account 1,150,000 0.10 per unit), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each of the available three
month extensions, providing a total possible Business Combination period of 18 months at a total payment value of 2,300,000 0.20 per
unit). Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation
of a Business Combination out of the proceeds of the trust account released to the Company. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Neil Bush, Aroop Zutshi and Jeffrey Moseley
are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Adeptus Partners, LLC, or Adeptus Partners, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by Adeptus Partners in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Adeptus
Partners for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information
included in our Forms 8-K for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022
and for the period from August 19, 2021 (date of inception) to December 31, 2021 totaled approximately 66,000 and 40,000, respectively. The
above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

21 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services
that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit
Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial
accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Adeptus Partners any audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for
the period from August 19, 2021 to December 31, 2021. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Adeptus Partners for tax return services, planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period August 19, 2021 to December 31, 2021. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Adeptus Partners for any other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
August 19, 2021 to December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

part
IV 

ITEM
15 . Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1)
Financial Statements 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required
information is presented in the financial statements and notes beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3)
Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be obtained on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

22 

FUTURETECH II ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page(s) 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from August 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from August 19, 2021
 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from August 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022
and the period of August 19, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period
of August 19, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has negative working capital and an accumulated deficit that raises substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Adeptus
 Partners, LLC 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March
 31, 2023 

PCAOB
 ID: 3686 

F- 2 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE
SHEETs 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Assets 

Deferred offering costs 
 - 

Marketable Securities held in Trust Account 
 
 - 

Prepaid expenses, non-current 
 
 - 
 
 Total Assets 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued offering costs 

Note payable - Sponsor 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commission 
 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 6) 
 - 
 - 

Redeemable Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of per share 
 
 - 

Stockholders (deficit) equity: 

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding (including representative shares) 
 
 - 
 
 Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, value 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 3 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
 For the Period 
 August 19, 2021 
 (Inception) 

Year Ended 
 Through 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 EXPENSES 

Administrative fee - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise tax 
 
 - 
 
 General and administrative 

TOTAL EXPENSES 

OTHER INCOME 

Income earned on Investments held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL OTHER INCOME 
 
 - 

Pre-tax income (loss) 

Income tax 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 
 
 - 
 
 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of Class A common stock 

Weighted average number of shares of Class B stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of Class B common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 19, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Shares 
 Amounts 
 Shares 
 Amounts 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Additional 
 
 Total Stockholders 

Common
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid
 in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amounts 
 Shares 
 Amounts 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance
 - August 19, 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 
 - 
 - 

Sale
 of units in Initial Public Offering 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale
 of Private Placement Units 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares
 issued to representative 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 underwriting commission 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Class
 A Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Remeasurement
 adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2022 

- 

Balance 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 5 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year Ended 
 For the 
 Period From 
 August
19, 2021 
 (Inception) Through 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Cash flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Other assets 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 - 

Cash flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discount paid 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to sponsor 

Proceeds from sale of private placement units 
 
 - 
 
 Underwriting fee paid 

Note receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Note receivable repayment 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - Beginning of the period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash - End of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Deferred underwriting commission 
 
 - 

Accrued deferred offering costs 

- 

Initial Classification of Class A common stock subject to redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Remeasurement adjustment 
 
 - 
 
 Offering costs paid by Promissory note - related parties 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 6 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock
included in the Units offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note
3. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of private placement units (the Private
Placement Units at a price of per unit in a private placement to the FutureTech Partners II LLC (the Sponsor ),
generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on February 18, 2022, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the
Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account to the Company s
stockholders, as described below. 

Transaction
costs of the Initial Public Offering with the exercise of the overallotment amounted to consisting of of cash underwriting
fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other costs. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, 
of cash was held outside of the Trust Account available for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has
available to it 
of cash on its balance sheet and a working capital deficit of . 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that
together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of a definitive agreement to enter
a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires
 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
1 - Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

The
Company has until May 18, 2023 (or up to August 18, 2023, as applicable) to consummate a Business Combination. If the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination within 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to 18 months from the closing
of the Initial Public Offering at the election of the Company in two separate three month extensions subject to satisfaction of certain
conditions, including the deposit of up to per unit in either case) for each three month extension, into the Trust
Account, or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with its certificate of incorporation), the Company will (i)
cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes
(less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the Company s remaining stockholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii) above to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Accordingly, it is the Company s intention to redeem its Public Shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 12th month
(or up to 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering at the election of the Company in two separate three month extensions
subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of up to per unit in either case) for each three
month extension, into the Trust Account, or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with its certificate of incorporation). As such, the Company s stockholders could potentially
be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of such stockholders may extend
well beyond the third anniversary of such date. On February 17, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited into the Trust Account
for its public stockholders, representing per Public Share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate
its initial Business Combination by three months from February 18, 2023 to May 18, 2023 (the Extension ). The Extension
is the first of the two three-month extensions permitted mentioned above. 

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality
or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 1 
per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the day of liquidation of the Trust Account,
if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will
not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in
the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of
the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe
that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure its stockholders that the Sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by
third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. The Company will seek to reduce the
possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the
Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity
and Management s Plans 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of and working capital deficit of . 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s
Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, the Company has until May 18, 2023 to complete a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will
be able to consummate an initial Business Combination by this time. If an initial Business Combination is not consummated by this date
and the Company has not exercised its option to extend the deadline, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution
of the Company. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the Company s inability to continue as a going concern. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
1 - Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statement. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Additionally,
as a result of the military action commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related
economic sanctions, the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination or the operations of a target business with which
the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination may be materially and adversely affected. Further, the Company s ability
to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these events,
including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms
acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on
the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

. At December 31, 2022, the Company had not experienced
losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

and , respectively. The Company had no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement Units was held in the Trust Account located in the United States
with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with
a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act,
which will be invested only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the
completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described above. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had in marketable securities held in the Trust Account. 

consist principally of costs
incurred in connection with formation of the Company and preparation for the Initial Public Offering. These costs, together with the
underwriter discount of were charged to additional paid-in capital upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s
balance sheets. The increase of during the year ended December 31, 2022 in
the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is a remeasurement adjustment to the redemption value. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A Common Stock 

Class B common stock 

Numerator: Income allocable to Class B common stock 

Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B Common Stock 

For the 

Period From 

August 19, 2021 

(Inception) 

Through 

December 31, 

2021 

Class A common stock 

Numerator: Loss allocable to Class A common stock 
 - 
 
 Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 - 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class A Common Stock 

Class B common stock 

Numerator: Loss allocable to Class B common stock 

Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B Common Stock 

as of December 31, 2022); 

Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted
prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active;
and 

Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions,
such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

In
some circumstances, the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In
those instances, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input
that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

excise tax on public company stock buybacks. The Company is assessing the potential impact of the IR Act. 

The
IR Act imposes a excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchases made by covered corporations after December 31, 2022. The
total taxable value of shares repurchased is reduced by the fair market value of any newly issued shares during the taxable year. Redemption
rights are ubiquitous to nearly all SPACs. Until there is further guidance from the IRS, the Company will continue to assess the potential
impact of the IR Act. The Company does not expect a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units at
a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant Public
Warrant ). Each Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 
per share (see Note 7). 

per Private Placement Unit (or in the aggregate), from the Company. The Sponsor transferred to the Trust
Account on February 16, 2022. 

The
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust
Account. The warrants included in the Private Placement Units (the Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants
sold in the Initial Public Offering, except as described in Note 7. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the
required period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

shares of Class B common stock to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase
price of in cash, or approximately per share. Such Class B common stock includes an aggregate of up to shares
that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or
in part, so that the Sponsor would collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public
Offering (assuming the initial stockholders did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private
Placement Units and underlying securities). 

The
initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Class B common stock (except to certain permitted transferees)
until the earlier of (i) one year after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or (ii) the date on which the closing
price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations
and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing six months after a Business Combination, or
earlier, in each case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange
or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock
for cash, securities or other property. 

Promissory
Note - Related Party 

On
August 19, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate
principal amount of to be used for payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering. . As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, there was and outstanding pursuant to the promissory note, respectively. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company was delinquent under the terms of the promissory note. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the
Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon
consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 
of such loans may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into units at a price of 
per unit. The Units will be identical to the Private Placement Units. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the
Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the
Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has no working capital loans
outstanding. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
5 - Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

Extension
Loan - Related Party 

If
the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate a Business Combination within 12 months, the Company may, by resolution
of the Company s board if requested by the Sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to two times,
each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a Business Combination), subject to the Sponsor depositing
additional funds into the Trust Account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order
for the time available for the Company to consummate the initial Business Combination to be extended, the Sponsor or its affiliates or
designees, upon five business days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the Trust Account per unit), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each of the available three month extensions, providing a total
possible Business Combination period of 18 months at a total payment value of per unit) (the Extension Loans ).
Any such payments would be made in the form of non-interest-bearing loans. If the Company completes its initial Business Combination,
the Company will, at the option of the Sponsor, repay the Extension Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company
or convert a portion or all of the total loan amount into units at a price of per unit, which units will be identical to the Private
Placement Units. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Company will repay such loans only from funds held outside
of the Trust Account. Furthermore, the letter agreement among the Company and the Company s officers, directors, and the Sponsor
contains a provision pursuant to which the Sponsor will agree to waive its right to be repaid for such loans to the extent there is insufficient
funds held outside of the Trust Account in the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination. The Sponsor and its affiliates
or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete the initial Business Combination.
The public stockholders will not be afforded an opportunity to vote on the extension of time to consummate an initial Business Combination
from 12 months to 18 months described above or redeem their shares in connection with such extensions. As of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under the related party loans. On February 17, 2023 the Company caused to be deposited 
into the Company s Trust account for its public stockholders, representing per Public Share, allowing the Company to extend
the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by three months from February 18, 2023 to May 18, 2023 (the
 Extension ). The Extension is the first of two three-month extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents. 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

Commencing
on the date the Units are first listed on Nasdaq, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space,
utilities and secretarial and administrative support for up to 18 months. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the
Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded
 to the statement of operations pursuant to the agreement. 

Representative
Shares 

The
Company issued to EF Hutton and/or its designees, shares of Class A common stock upon the Initial Public Offering. EF Hutton
has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such common stock until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination.
In addition, EF Hutton has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such common stock in connection with the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to such common stock if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months
if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

The
representative shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately
following the commencement of sales in the Initial Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant
to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period
of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement for the Initial Public Offering, nor may they be sold,
transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales in the Initial
Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners,
registered persons or affiliates or as otherwise permitted under Rule 5110(e)(2), and only if any such transferee agrees to the foregoing
lock-up restrictions. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering,
or . In addition, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of three and a half percent of the gross proceeds of
the Initial Public Offering, or . The deferred fee was placed in the Trust Account and will be paid in cash upon the closing
of a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. In addition, the Company issued EF Hutton and/or its designees,
 shares of Class A common stock upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. 

Right
of First Refusal 

For
a period beginning on the closing of the Initial Public Offering and ending twenty-four (24) months from the closing of a Business Combination,
the Company granted EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC a right of first refusal to act as lead-left book running manager
and lead left manager for any and all future private or public equity, convertible and debt offerings during such period. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

preferred shares with a par value of per share with such designation,
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. At December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, there were preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Common Stock - The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per
share. . At December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, there were and no shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, respectively, which included representative
shares. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and shares, respectively, of Class A common stock that
were classified as temporary equity in the accompanying balance sheets. 

Class
B Common Stock - The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of 
per share. . At December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Upon exercise of the over-allotment option, 
shares of Class B common stock are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

Only
holders of the Class B common stock will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders
of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of
the Company s stockholders except as otherwise required by law. In connection with the Company s initial Business Combination,
the Company may enter into a shareholders agreement or other arrangements with the shareholders of the target or other investors to provide
for voting or other corporate governance arrangements that differ from those in effect upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination, or earlier
at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock,
or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to
the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common
stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment
with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of
all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all
shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed
in connection with a Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller of an interest
in the target to the Company in a Business Combination. 

Warrants
 - The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will
expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A
common stock is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from
registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue
any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of residence of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
7 - Stockholders Equity (Continued) 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of a Business Combination,
the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have
declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the
Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to
file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds - Once the warrants become exercisable, the
Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing
 once the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice
 of redemption to warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that
wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise
price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except
as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally,
in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the required period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive
any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held
outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 - 

Deferred 

State and local 

Current 
 - 
 
 Deferred 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

In
assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies
in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty
exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

The
effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the valuation allowance recorded
on the Company s startup costs. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination
by the various taxing authorities. The Company s tax returns since inception remain open to examination by the taxing authorities. 

into the Trust Account for its public stockholders, representing 
per Public Share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by three months
from February 18, 2023 to May 18, 2023. The Extension is the first of two three-month extensions permitted under the Company s
governing documents. 

F- 19 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

23 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 31st day of March, 2023. 

FUTURETECH
 II ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Yuquan Wang 

Yuquan
 Wang 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Yuquan Wang 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Yuquan
 Wang 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Michael Greenall 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Greenall 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Neil Bush 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Neil
 Bush 

/s/
 Aroop Zutshi 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Aroop
 Zutshi 

/s/
 Jeffrey Moseley 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey
 Moseley 

24 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated February 17, 2022 (2) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated February 16, 2022, among the Company, its officers and directors and the Company s sponsor, FutureTech Partners II LLC. (2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated August 19, 2021, issued to the Company (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 18, 2022 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, by and among the Company and certain securityholders. (2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, by and between the Company and FutureTech Partners II LLC. (2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, by and between the Registrant and FutureTech Partners II LLC. (1) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (1) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-261886), filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021 and/or February 11, 2022. 

(2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. 

25 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION1 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The
following summary of the registered securities of FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. does not purport to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended and bylaws, each of which are incorporated
by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and certain provisions of Delaware law.
Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to the Company, we, our, and us 
in this Exhibit refer to FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A common
stock, 0.0001 par value per share, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated
preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. 

Units 

Each
unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant. Only whole warrants are exercisable. Each whole warrant
entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise his,
her or its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised
at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants are trading. 

Placement
Units 

The
placement units are identical to the units sold in our initial public offering except that (a) the placement units and their component
securities will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination except
to permitted transferees and (b) are entitled to registration rights. 

Common
Stock 

15,010,075
shares of our common stock are outstanding, consisting of: 

12,135,075
 shares of our Class A common stock; and 

2,875,000
 shares of Class B common stock held by our initial stockholders. 

Our
sponsor purchased an aggregate of 520,075 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 5,200,750.
The initial stockholders hold an aggregate of approximately 22.6 of our issued and outstanding common stock. 

Common
stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class
A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our
stockholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required
by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock
that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into three classes,
each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no
cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for
the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if
declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if
we were to enter into an initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required
to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on
the initial business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year
after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold
an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made
by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting.
Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they
may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c)
of the DGCL. 

We
will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of
two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.20 per public share. The per-share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held
by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder
votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of
public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by applicable law or stock
exchange requirements, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other
legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other
information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however,
a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a
proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial
business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital
stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to
vote at such meeting. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, the other initial
stockholders, our officers and our directors have agreed to vote their respective founder shares, placement shares and any public shares
held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 

The
participation of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in privately negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the
approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote,
against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted,
non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately
30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall
be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders,
may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our
initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares
on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we
complete the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding
15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If
we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and placement shares held by them and any public shares they hold in favor of our
initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares and placement shares, we would
need 357,444, or 3.1 , of the 11,500,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business
combination (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted) in order to have our initial business combination
approved. In the event that all shares of our outstanding common stock are voted, we would need 4,109,963, or 35.7 , of the 11,500,000
public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial
business combination approved. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they
vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months
(or up to 18 months) from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to any founder shares and placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within 12 months (or up to 18 months) from the closing of our initial public offering. However, if our initial stockholders acquired
public shares in or acquire public shares after the initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
period. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made
for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon
the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder
Shares and Placement Shares 

The
founder shares and placement shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold in our initial public
offering, and holders of founder shares and placement shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i)
the founder shares and placement shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our sponsor,
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares, placement shares, and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of
our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, placement shares, and any
public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(x) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain
amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 12 months (or up to 18 months) from the closing of our initial public offering or (y) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
12 months (or up to 18 months) from the closing of our initial public offering, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such
time period, (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock that will automatically convert into shares of our Class
A common stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as
described herein, and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders
for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any founder shares and placement
shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately
negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. The placement shares are not transferable, assignable or saleable
until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination except to permitted transferees. 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our
initial business combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like), and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked
securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in our initial public offering and related to the closing of
the initial business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock
will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with
respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all
shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares
of common stock outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering (excluding and the placement units and underlying securities)
plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial business
combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination,
any private placement-equivalent units and their underlying securities issued to our sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans
made to us). We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any future
issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the
following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the agreement for our initial business combination; (ii) negotiation with Class A
stockholders on structuring an initial business combination; or (iii) negotiation with parties providing financing which would trigger
the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock. If such adjustment is not waived, the issuance would not reduce the percentage
ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If
such adjustment is waived, the issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. The term
 equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for
shares of Class A common stock issues in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not
limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Securities could be deemed issued for purposes of the conversion rate
adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities. 

With
certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or saleable (except to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier
to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,
(x) if the reported last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
six months after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common
stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more
series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating,
optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series.
Our board of directors can, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect
the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of
directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of
control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently
intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Redeemable
Warrants 

Public
Stockholders Warrants 

Each
warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

The
warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations
described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A
common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified
or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that
the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will
not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to
net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of
a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying
such unit. 

We
have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to our initial public offering registration
statement or a new registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business
days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current
prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement;
provided that if our shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may,
at our option, require holders of warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration
statement, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the
extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may,
until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky
laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In the event of any cashless exercise described in this paragraph, each holder would
pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the
 fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrant by (y) the fair market value. The fair
market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted last reported average price of the Class A common stock
as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the date that notice of exercise is received by
the warrant agent. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable (the 30-day redemption
 period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, right issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day
 period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to
 the warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon
exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect
such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky
laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price
of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a
 cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and
the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior
to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the
notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received
upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner
will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature
is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If
we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees
would still be entitled to exercise their placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that
other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, as described in more detail below. 

A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock,
or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up
or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each whole warrant will be increased in proportion
to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders
to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of
shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights
offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class
A common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided
by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class
A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received
for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted
average price of Class A common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first
date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the
right to receive such rights. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to the holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital
stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain
amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our Class A common stock if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering
at the election of the Company in two separate three month extensions subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit
of up to 1,150,000 0.10 per unit in either case) for each three month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by the Company s
stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares
upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately
after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on
each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock
split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever
the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant
exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the
numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior
to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

The
warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent,
and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants
and the warrant agreement set forth in our initial public offering prospectus, or defective provision, but requires the approval by the
holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the
registered holders of public warrants. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of
our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) with such issue price or effective issue price to be
determined in good faith by our board of directors (and in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking
into account any founder shares or private placement units (or securities underlying such private placement units) held by such holder
or affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of
the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and the Market Value is below 9.20 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), then the exercise price of each warrant
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) such that the effective exercise price per full share will be equal to 115 of the higher of the
Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting
rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common
stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be
voted on by stockholders. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to
be issued to the warrant holder. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. This provision does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts
of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. In addition, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the full extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum
for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Placement
warrants 

Except
as described below, the placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of
the units in our initial public offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability, redemption and exercise period. The placement
warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or
salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers
and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor). 

In
addition, holders of our placement warrants are entitled to certain registration rights. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans
may be converted into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination.
The units would be identical to the placement units. However, as the units would not be issued until consummation of our initial business
combination, any warrants underlying such units would not be able to be voted on an amendment to the warrant agreement in connection
with such business combination. 

We
may also receive loans from our sponsor to finance any extension of the deadline for consummating the initial business combination. The
sponsor would receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid
in the even that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such
notes would be repaid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or all, or any portion, of such loans may be convertible
into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the sponsor, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units
would be identical to the placement units. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed
to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of
its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for
its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified
person or entity. 

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions that will apply to us until the completion
of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of at least 65 of our common
stock. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own approximately 22.6 of our common stock, will participate in any vote
to further amend our certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If
 we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months) from the closing of our initial
 public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
 not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds
 held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
 expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
 rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and
 (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our
 board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware
 law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to
 (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

Although
 we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors
 or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent
 directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders
 valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If
 a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for
 business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange
 Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially
 the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation
 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide
 our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

So
 long as we maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations
 having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred
 underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement
 in connection with our initial business combination; 

If
 our stockholders approve an amendment to our certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
 to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to
 redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our
 initial public offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering at the election of the Company in two
 separate three month extensions subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of up to 1,150,000 0.10 per
 unit in either case) for each three month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by our stockholders in accordance with
 our certificate of incorporation) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business
 combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of
 Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
 trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes,
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

We
 will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares
unless our net tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations,
under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a
 stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an
 affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an
 associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A
 business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section
203 do not apply if: 

our
 board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date
 of the transaction; 

after
 the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at
 least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common
 stock; or 

on
 or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized
 at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting
 stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors.
As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or
more annual meetings. 

Our
authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be
utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit
plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage
an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive
forum for certain lawsuits 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought
in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought
only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware
determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party
does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested
in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have
subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented
to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency
in the application of law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and
to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over
all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result,
the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other
claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America,
rather than the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for
the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot
waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates
concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Special
meeting of stockholders 

Our
bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief
Executive Officer or by our Chairman. 

Advance
notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations 

Our
bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election
as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s
notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the
90 th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately
preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy
statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content
of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders
or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action
by written consent 

Subsequent
to the consummation of the offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly
called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with
respect to our Class B common stock. 

Classified
Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year
terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by
resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office
at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding
shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on
our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a
majority of our directors then in office. 

Class
B Common Stock Consent Right 

For
so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders
of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any
provision our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration
or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class
B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without
a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be
signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary
to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. 

Securities
Eligible for Future Sale 

As
of December 31, 2022 we had 15,010,075 shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, the 11,500,000 shares sold in our initial
public offering are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased
by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 2,875,000 founder shares, and
all 520,075 placement shares are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving
a public offering, and the shares of Class B common stock and placement units are subject to transfer restrictions. These restricted
securities are entitled to registration rights as more fully described below under Registration Rights. 

Rule
144 

Pursuant
to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled
to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time
during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three
months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such
shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the
time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person
would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock then outstanding, which equals 121,350 shares as of December 31, 2022; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales
by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current
public information about us. 

Restrictions
on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule
144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell
companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to
this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on
 Form 8-K; and 

at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status
 as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As
a result, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares and placement units (including component securities contained
therein), as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, placement units (including securities contained therein) and units (including securities contained therein)
that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the placement
warrants and any shares of Class A common stock and warrants (and underlying Class A common stock) that may be issued upon conversion
of the units issued as part of the working capital loans and Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares, will
be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed in connection with our initial public offering,
requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock).
The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Listing
of Securities 

Our
units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols FTIIU, FTII 
and FTIIW , respectively. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF FUTURETECH II ACQUISITION CORP. 

None. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Yuquan Wang, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FutureTech II Acquisition Corp.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Yuquan Wang 

Yuquan
 Wang 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Michael Greenall, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FutureTech II Acquisition Corp.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael Greenall 

Michael
 Greenall 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADDED BY 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Yuquan Wang, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Yuquan Wang 

Yuquan
 Wang 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADDED BY 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Michael Greenall, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael Greenall 

Michael
 Greenall 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ftiiu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ftiiu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ftiiu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ftiiu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

