<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1861063_0001213900-23-024748.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3738980</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>206007</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>755412</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>793468</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>969675</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>921259</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024748.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330171754
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024748
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aquaron Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001861063
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41470
		FILM NUMBER:		23781798

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		515 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86)13122310095

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		515 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024748.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_aquaronacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from _____________ to ________________ 

Commission file number:

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

c/o Aquaron Investments LLC , , 10022 (646) 970 2181 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone
number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of a share of common stock AQUNU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Rights AQUNR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

On June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value
of the Registrant s shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was . 

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s
shares of common stock as of March 30, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

AQUARON ACQUISITION CORP. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

PART I 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 15 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 15 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 15 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 15 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 15 
 
 PART II 
 16 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 16 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 17 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 18 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 21 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 22 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 22 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 22 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 22 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 22 
 
 PART III 
 23 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 23 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 28 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 29 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 30 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 33 
 
 PART IV 
 34 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 34 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 36 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking
statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words
 anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include,
for example, statements about our: 

ability to complete our initial
business combination; 

success in retaining or recruiting,
or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers and directors allocating
their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination,
as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential ability to obtain
additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool of prospective target
businesses; 

the ability of our officers
and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential change in control
if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity and
trading of our securities; 

the lack of a market for our
securities; 

use of proceeds not held in
the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial performance following
our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can
be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and when management knows
or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM 1.BUSINESS 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references
to the Company and Aquaron and to we, us, and our refer to Aquaron
Acquisition Corp. 

Introduction 

Aquaron Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company
formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. Our efforts to identify a target business will not be
limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus on operating businesses in the new energy sector.
We affirmatively exclude as an initial business combination target any company of which financial statements are audited by an accounting
firm that the United States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB is unable to inspect for two consecutive
years beginning in 2021 and any target company with China operations consolidated through a VIE structure. 

On October 6, 2022,
we completed our initial public offering IPO of 5,000,000 units at an offering price of 10.00 per unit (the Public
Units ), generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000. Simultaneously with the IPO, the Company sold to its Sponsor 256,250 units at
 10.00 per unit (the Private Units in a private placement generating total gross proceeds of 2,562,500. 

We granted the underwriter
a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 750,000 Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. On October 14, 2022,
the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase 417,180 Units Over-Allotment Option Units at 10.00 per Unit generating total gross proceeds of 4,171,800. Simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, we
consummated the Private Placement of an additional 12,515 Private Units generating gross proceeds of 125,154. 

A total of 54,984,377
of the net proceeds from the sale of the Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) and the Private Placements on October
6, 2022 and October 14, 2022, were deposited in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. 

All of the proceeds
we receive from these purchases have been placed in the trust account described above and, together with the interests earned on the
funds held in the trust account and except for payment of our franchise and income taxes if any, shall not be released to us until the
earlier of the completion of our initial business combination and our redemption of the shares of common stock sold in the IPO upon our
failure to consummate a business combination within the required period. We are not permitted to use the proceeds placed in the trust
account and the interests earned thereon to pay any excise taxes or any other similar fees or taxes in nature that may be imposed on
the company pursuant to any current, pending or future rules or laws, including without limitation any excise tax due imposed under the
Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) of 2022 (H.R. 5376) on any redemptions or stock buybacks by the Company. 

With these exceptions, expenses incurred by us
may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of our IPO not held in the trust account; provided, however, that
in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of our IPO, if the funds not held in the trust account are insufficient,
our insiders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time,
in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would
either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 600,000
of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of 10.00 per unit (which,
for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 72,000 shares of Common Stock (which includes 12,000 shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of rights). If we do not complete a business combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds
not held in the trust account, and only to the extent available. 

1 

On February 8, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 100,000 to Aquaron Investments LLC (the Sponsor in exchange for the
Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s working capital account in order to meet our working capital needs following the
consummation of our IPO. 

On February 23, 2023, the Company issued unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 140,000 to the Sponsor in exchange for the Sponsor depositing such amount into
the Company s working capital account in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of our IPO. 

Business Combination 

Merger Agreement 

On March 23, 2023, we entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (as amended from time to time, the Agreement with (i) Bestpath IoT Technology Ltd., a Cayman
Islands exempted company Holdco ), (ii) Bestpath Group Limited, an exempted company incorporated in Cayman Islands
and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco PubCo ), (iii) Bestpath Merger Sub I Limited, an exempted company
incorporated in Cayman Islands and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub 1 ), (iv) Bestpath Merger
Sub II Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub 2 and, together with
PubCo and Merger Sub 1, each an Acquisition Entity and collectively, the Acquisition Entities ),
and (v) Bestpath (Shanghai) IoT Technology Co., Ltd. ),
a PRC limited liability company Bestpath ). All capitalized terms used herein and not defined shall have the meanings
ascribed to them in the Agreement. 

Pursuant to the Agreement and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth therein, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merger with and into the Holdco (the Initial Merger whereby
the separate existence of Merger Sub 1 will cease and Holdco will be the surviving corporation of the Initial Merger and become a wholly
owned subsidiary of PubCo, and (ii) following confirmation of the effective filing of the Initial Merger, Merger Sub 2 will merge with
and into us (the SPAC Merger , and together with the Initial Merger, the Mergers ), the separate
existence of Merger Sub 2 will cease and we will be the surviving corporation of the SPAC Merger and a direct wholly owned subsidiary
of PubCo. 

The Mergers implies a current equity value of
Bestpath at 1.2 billion prior to the closing of the Mergers (the Closing ). As a result of the Mergers, among other
things, (i) each outstanding share in Holdco shall automatically be cancelled, and in exchange for the right to receive newly issued ordinary
shares in PubCo PubCo Ordinary Shares at the Holdco Exchange Ratio; (ii) each outstanding SPAC Unit will be automatically
detached; (iii) each unredeemed outstanding share of our common stock will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive one PubCo
Ordinary Share, (iv) every five (5) outstanding our rights will be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for one PubCo Ordinary Share,
and (v) each SPAC UPO will automatically be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for one (1) PubCo UPO. Each outstanding PubCo Ordinary
Share will have a value at the time of the Closing of 10.00. 

In addition, following the Closing, PubCo will
(a) issue an aggregate of up to 15,000,000 PubCo Ordinary Shares (the Earnout Shares to the Holdco s shareholders
who hold Holdco s shares as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Initial Merger on a pro rata basis, and (b) issue
an aggregate of up to 15,000,000 PubCo Ordinary Shares to eligible participants including directors, officers and employees of Bestpath
under a share incentive plan to be established then (the Earnout Incentive Plan ). The Earnout Shares and the Earnout
Incentive Plan will be subject to certain milestones (based on the achievement of certain targets of consolidated revenue for the fiscal
year of 2023 and 2024). 

Representations and Warranties 

In the Agreement, Bestpath and Holdco (collectively,
the Warrantors make certain representations and warranties (with certain exceptions set forth in Bestpath s
disclosure schedule) with respect to Holdco and Bestpath (collectively with respective subsidiaries, Company Group and the Acquisition Entities, including matters relating to, among other things: (a) proper corporate organization and similar corporate
matters; (b) authorization, execution, delivery and enforceability of the Agreement and other transaction documents; (c) absence of conflicts;
(d) capital structure and validity of share issuance; (e) accuracy of charter documents and corporate records; (f) required consents and
approvals; (g) financial information; (h) absence of certain changes or events; (i) title to assets and properties; (j) material contracts;
(k) ownership of real property; (l) licenses and permits; (m) compliance with laws, including those relating to foreign corrupt practices
and money laundering; (n) ownership of intellectual property; (o) customers and suppliers; (p) employment and labor matters; (q) taxes
matters; (r) environmental matters; (s) brokers and finders; (t) that neither Holdco nor Bestpath is an investment company; (u) privacy
and data protection; (v) no alternative transactions, (w) litigation, and (y) other customary representations and warranties. 

2 

In the Agreement, we make certain representations
and warranties relating to, among other things: (a) proper corporate organization and similar corporate matters; (b) authorization, execution,
delivery and enforceability of the Agreement and other transaction documents; (c) absence of conflicts; (d) litigation; (e) brokers and
finders; (f) capital structure and validity of share issuance; (g) minimum trust fund amount; (h) validity of Nasdaq Stock Market listing;
(i) SEC filing requirements and financial statements; (j) material contracts; (k) compliance with laws, including those relating to foreign
corrupt practices and money laundering; (l) taxes matters; (m) that SPAC is not an investment company; (n) no alternative transactions,
and (l) other customary representations and warranties. 

Conduct Prior to Closing; Covenants 

Each of Holdco, Bestpath, and SPAC has agreed
to, and agreed to cause their respective subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable efforts to, conduct their respective business only
in the ordinary course consistent with past practice, prior to the Closing, and not to take certain specified actions without the prior
written consent of the other party. 

Bestpath also agrees that it shall: 

use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into definitive agreements to raise additional investment (the PIPE Investment and 

use its all commercially best efforts to duly complete a reorganization as soon as practicable in accordance with applicable laws and the Reorganization Plan attached to the Agreement, immediately after which, Bestpath will become a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Holdco (the Reorganization ). 

The Agreement also contains covenants providing
for: 

each party providing access to their books and records and providing information relating to their respective business to the other party, its legal counsel and other representatives; 

each party having obligation to promptly notify the other party for notices and other communications it has received in relation to certain matters of the transactions contemplated under the Agreement; 

Bestpath to deliver the audited financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2022; 

Aquaron to make appropriate arrangements with respect to the funds in its trust account; 

exculpation, indemnification, advancement of expenses, and insurance arrangement in favor of directors and officers of Aquaron and Company Group; 

parties cooperation in making filings with the SEC; and 

that the Bestpath may, at its sole discretion, select to pay certain amounts to extend the time Aquaron has to complete a business combination under certain circumstances and if necessary. 

Conditions to Closing 

General Conditions 

Consummation of the transactions under this Agreement
is conditioned on, among other things, (i) the absence of any applicable Law or prohibiting the transactions; (ii) the Form F-4 having
been declared effective by the SEC; (iii) each of the additional agreements described in the Agreement having been entered into, provided
that no less than 95 of the Closing Payment Shares shall be subject to the Bestpath s Shareholders Lock-up Agreement (see below);
(iv) the requisite approval of the shareholders of Aquaron and Holdco having been obtained; and (v) immediately after the Closing, PubCo
having in excess of US 5,000,000 in net tangible assets. 

3 

Aquaron s Conditions 

Our obligation to consummate the Closing is conditioned
upon, in addition to the conditions described in the first paragraph and among other things, the following: 

Company Group complying with all of the obligations under the Agreement in all material respects; 

the Fundamental Representations of the Warrantors being true and correct in all material respects and representations of the Warrantors other than the Fundamental Representations being true and correct except to the extent that would not have a Material Adverse Effect; 

there having been no material adverse effect on the business of Bestpath; 

the requisite third party consents and governmental approvals having been obtained; and 

the Reorganization having been consummated. 

Holdco s Conditions 

The obligation of Holdco s obligation to
consummation the Closing is conditioned upon, in addition to the conditions described in the first paragraph and among other things, the
following: 

Aquaron complying with all of their obligations under the Agreement in all material respects; 

disregarding all materiality qualifiers, the representations and warranties of Aquaron being true and correct except to the extent that would not have a Material Adverse Effect; 

there having been no material adverse effect on Aquaron; 

Aquaron shall have completed its share redemption in accordance with the Agreement and its proxy statement; and 

Aquaron complying with the applicable reporting requirements under the Securities Act and Exchange Act. 

Termination 

The Agreement may be terminated as follows: 

in the event the Closing has not occurred by January 6, 2024, by Aquaron or Bestpath, provided that the party seeking to terminate this Agreement has not committed any material breach; or 

in the event Aquaron or the Bestpath has committed any material breach and such breach is not cured within fifteen (15) days following receipt of a notice of breach from the other party, the non-breaching party may terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the other party. 

The foregoing summary of the Agreement does not
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto. 

Additional Agreements Executed in Connection
With the Agreement 

Bestpath Voting and Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Agreement,
certain shareholders of Bestpath, representing more than fifty percent (50 of the equity interests in Bestpath, have entered into a
voting and support agreement with the Holdco, Bestpath, each of the Acquisition Entities and Aquaron, pursuant to which each such holder
agrees to, among other things, vote in favor of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement. 

Sponsor Voting and Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Agreement,
Sponsor has entered into and delivered a support agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed, among others, to vote in favor of
the Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder at the SPAC Special Meeting in accordance with the Insider Letter. 

4 

Additional Agreements to be Executed at Closing 

In addition to the Agreement, the following agreements
will be entered into in connection with the Closing. 

Shareholders Lock-Up Agreement 

Certain Bestpath Shareholders will enter into
an agreement with the PubCo, to be effective as of the Closing, pursuant to which at least ninety-five percent (95 of the Merger Consideration
Shares shall be subject to a lock-up in accordance with the terms and conditions thereunder. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

In connection with the transactions, PubCo shall
enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement with certain Holdco shareholders and the initial shareholders of Aquaron
to provide for the registration of the PubCo Ordinary Shares. 

Our Management Team 

Our Chief Execute Officer, Ms. Yi Zhou, co-founded
Ease Consulting in September 2019 and has served as its chief executive officer since then. She is responsible for providing consultancy
services to funds including VC funds that are expanding their limited partner base in the U.S. and other countries and advise on fund-raising.
Our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Qingze Zhao is currently working at Wang Partners Consulting where he conducts research at the
corporate strategic level. Our independent directors also have company management experience in both the United States and China. For
example, Ms. Yanyan Lin has been serving as the founder and chief executive officer of Bole Education Consulting Inc., a Maryland incorporated
education consulting company, since July 2014. Mr. Yang Wang was a partner at Cowin Capital from February 2011 to March 2021, where he
focused on various transactions predominantly in the healthcare sector. Mr. Xiaoming Ma has experience in delivering concrete business
plans and executing such plans in the European renewable energy industry. 

We believe that: 

our team s networks and relationships from sourcing,
evaluating, due diligence, and executing transactions will provide us with a significant pipeline of opportunities; 

our team s unique background and experience in completing
a variety of large-scale domestic and cross-border transactions between the U.S. and Asia will be attractive to leading Asia based companies;
and 

our team s extensive operational and investment management
experience will enable a highly focused approach to idea generation, analysis and transaction execution. 

However, none of our management team is obligated
to remain with the company after an acquisition transaction, and we cannot provide assurance that the resignation or retention of our
current management will be a term or condition in any agreement relating to an acquisition transaction. Moreover, despite the competitive
advantages we believe we have, we remain subject to significant competition with respect to identifying and executing an acquisition transaction. 

Acquisition Strategy and Criteria 

Our management team intends to focus on
potential acquisition targets in the new energy sector. We affirmatively exclude as an initial business combination target any
company of which financial statements are audited by an accounting firm that the United States PCAOB is unable to inspect for two
consecutive years beginning in 2021 and any target company with China operation consolidated through a VIE structure. We believe
that our experience and networks will enable us to identify potential business combination opportunities efficiently and
productively. In addition, we believe the target business will benefit from our involvement, through the potential strategic
relationships we can introduce, as well as by assisting the target in areas such as intellectual property management and corporate
strategy. Despite our intended focus, we may attempt to acquire a target in another industry if an attractive acquisition
opportunity is identified in such other industry prior to the time we identify an acquisition opportunity within our primary
industry focus and if we believe that such opportunity is in the best interest of our stockholders. 

5 

We have identified the following general criteria
that we believe are important in evaluating candidates for our initial business combination. 

The main ambition of our management is to create
the value-added for our stockholders though our experience to shift the operating efficiency of the business while implementing the revenue-driven
and/or profit-engagement strategies and gain the profits through acquisitions. Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following
general criteria and guidelines that we believe are essential in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we intend to use these
criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines should we consider well-fit
to do so: 

Industries that are Not Heavily Regulated or Related to
National Security 

We
will not acquire an operating business that is highly regulated by its home country or related to national security, including companies
that collect and process large amounts of public information and data, companies related to artificial intelligence, telecommunications
companies, companies involved in semiconductor industries, rare natural resource companies, UAV, geological survey companies or any other
enterprises that may relate to a country s strategic reserve, resources critical to national security, human stem cells, or development
or application of gene diagnosis and treatment technology. 

Niche Deal Size 

We
intend to acquire companies which enterprise values of between 150 million and 300 million that are preferably already cash-generative.
We believe we have greater access to companies within this range and the negotiation process is expected comparable time-saving. 

Long-term Revenue Visibility with Defensible Market Position 

In
the management view, the target companies should appropriate at an inflection point, such as those requiring additional management expertise,
are able to innovate by developing new products or services, or where we believe we have ability to achievement improved profitability
performance and where an acquisition may help facilitate growth. 

Benefits from Being a U.S. Public Company (Value Creation
and Marketing Opportunities) 

We
have intention to search target companies that should offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our stockholders. We intend to
seek to acquire a target on terms and in a manner that leverages our experience. We are regarding to evaluate financial returns based
on (i) the potential for organic growth in cash flows, (ii) the ability to achieve cost savings, (iii) the ability to accelerate
growth, including through the opportunity for follow-on acquisitions and (iv) the prospects for creating value through other value
creation initiatives. Potential upside from future growth in the target business earnings and an improved capital structure will
be prior than any identified downside risks. 

Leadership Position 

We
will seek to identify one or more companies that have a leadership position in their industry or a defensible niche within a target market
as a result of differentiated technology or other competitive advantages. 

6 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general
guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time following the IPO. We intend to utilize cash derived from
the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of private units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these in effecting our
initial business combination. Although substantially all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of private units are
intended to be applied generally toward effecting a business combination as described in our IPO prospectus, the proceeds are not otherwise
being designated for any more specific purposes. Accordingly, investors in the IPO are investing without first having an opportunity to
evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. Our initial business combination may involve the acquisition
of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading market
for its shares. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be financially unstable or
in its early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target
business, we will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

At the time of the IPO, we anticipated that target
business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital
funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses
may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources
may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis. 

Our officers and directors, as well as their respective
affiliates, also brought to our attention target business candidates that they became aware of through their business contacts as a result
of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In no event, however, will
any of our existing insiders, special advisors or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting
fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination
(regardless of the type of transaction). If we decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with
our insiders, we will do so only if we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination
is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business
Combination 

Subject to the limitations that a target business
have a fair market value of at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions
and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business
combination, as described below in more detail, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective
acquisition candidate. We did not establish any other specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target
businesses. To the extent we effect a business combination with a company or an entity in its early stage of development or growth, including
entities without established records of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business and operations
of early stage or potential emerging growth companies, which we will disclose to investors in a proxy statement or registration statement
to be filed in connection with the business combination. Although management endeavors to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular
target business, there is no assurance that it will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

7 

Fair Market Value of Target Business 

Pursuant to Nasdaq listing rules, our initial
business combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the
value of the funds in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income
earned on the trust account), which we refer to as the 80 test, at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial
business combination, although we may structure a business combination with one or more target businesses whose fair market value significantly
exceeds 80 of the trust account balance. If we are no longer listed on Nasdaq, we will not be required to satisfy the 80 test. 

We have structured the business combination with
Bestpath so that the post-business combination company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity
interests in Bestpath. If we are unable to consummate the business combination with Bestpath and have to identify another target business
or businesses, we may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns less
than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders
or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of
the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise owns a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the
post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and
us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new
shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in
the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial
business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less
than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination
company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 test. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business
Combination 

In connection with any proposed business combination,
we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public
stockholders may seek to redeem their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination,
into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need
for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our insiders
have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to redeem any public shares held by them into their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured
so that each stockholder may tender any or all of his, her or its public shares rather than some pro rata portion of
his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow
stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. If we so choose and we are legally permitted
to do so, we have the flexibility to avoid a stockholder vote and allow our stockholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4
and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with
the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required
under the SEC s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least
 5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common
stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 

We chose our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001
to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an
initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have
a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, our net tangible asset
threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination (as we may be required to have a lesser number of shares
converted or sold to us) and may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all.
As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target
within the applicable time period, if at all. Public stockholders may therefore have to wait 15 months from the closing of the IPO in
order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account. 

8 

Our insiders and our officers and directors have
agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not to redeem
any shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not sell
any shares of common stock in any tender offer in connection with a proposed initial business combination. As a result, if we sought stockholder
approval of a proposed transaction, we would need only 137,001 of our public shares (or approximately 2.53 of our public shares) to be
voted in favor of the transaction in order to have such transaction approved (assuming that only a quorum was present at the meeting,
and that the insiders do not purchase any units in the IPO or units or shares in the after-market). 

None of our officers, directors, insiders or their
affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or shares of common stock in the IPO or from persons in the open market or in
private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of stockholders
vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination, our officers, directors, insiders, or their affiliates
could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our officers, directors, insiders, and their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2)
or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company s stock. 

Tendering share certificates in connection with a tender offer or
redemption rights 

At any meeting called to approve an initial business
combination, public stockholders may seek to redeem their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business
combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then
due but not yet paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our insiders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to redeem
any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account.
If we hold a meeting to approve an initial business combination, a holder will always have the ability to vote against a proposed business
combination and not seek redemption of his, her or its shares. 

Alternatively, if we engage in a tender offer,
each public stockholder will be provided the opportunity to sell his, her or its public shares to us in such tender offer. The tender
offer rules require us to hold the tender offer open for at least 20 business days. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we
would need to provide holders to determine whether they want to sell their public shares to us in the tender offer or remain an investor
in our company. 

Our insiders, officers, and directors will not
have redemption rights with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to the
IPO or purchased by them in the IPO or in the aftermarket. 

We may also require public stockholders, whether
they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer
agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, at any time at or prior to the vote on the business combination. The proxy solicitation
materials that we will furnish to stockholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether
we are requiring stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time our proxy statement
is mailed through the vote on the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his redemption rights. Under
Delaware law and our bylaws, we are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any stockholder meeting, which
would be the minimum amount of time a stockholder would have to determine whether to exercise redemption rights. As a result, if we require
public stockholders who wish to redeem their shares of common stock to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust
account to comply with the foregoing delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their
shares for redemption. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their redemption rights and may be forced to retain our securities
when they otherwise would not want to. 

There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker 45 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would
be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement
of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders
seeking to exercise redemption rights to deliver their shares prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed
business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. 

9 

Any request to redeem or tender such shares once
made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore,
if a holder of a public share delivered his, her or its certificate in connection with an election of their redemption or tender and subsequently
decides prior to the vote on the business combination or the expiration of the tender offer not to elect to exercise such rights, he,
she or it may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If the initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption or tender rights would not be entitled
to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares
delivered by public holders. 

Automatic Liquidation of Trust Account if No
Business Combination 

If we do not complete a business combination within
9 months, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
(in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 9 months,
our insiders or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination two times
by an additional three months each time (for a total of 15 months to complete a business combination), provided that, pursuant to the
terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company on the date of our IPO prospectus, the only way to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination
in the absence of a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing is for our insiders or their affiliates or designees, upon
five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, to deposit into the trust account 812,577 0.15 per share in either
case, or an aggregate of 1,625,154), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. In the event that they elected to extend the
time to and deposited the applicable amount of money into trust, the insiders will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory
note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless
there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business
combination, or, at the lender s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units
at a price of 10.00 per unit. Our stockholders have approved the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such notes, to
the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. In the event
that we receive notice from our insiders five days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend
to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue
a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our insiders and
their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination.
To the extent that some, but not all, of our insiders, decide to extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination,
such insiders (or their affiliates or designees) may deposit the entire amount required. If we do extend the period of time to consummate
our initial business combination as described above, we would follow the same liquidation procedures described above if we do not complete
a business combination by the end of the extended period. At such time, the rights will expire and holders of rights will receive nothing
upon a liquidation with respect to such rights, and the rights will be worthless. 

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our outstanding public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may be considered a liquidation
distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during
which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims
brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any redemptions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with
respect to a redemption is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to
the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust
account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial
business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the statute of limitations
for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of
a liquidation distribution. It is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible and, therefore, we do not intend
to comply with the above procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

10 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280
of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law requires us to adopt a plan, based
on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially
brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company,
and our operations will be limited to seeking to complete an initial business combination, the only likely claims to arise would be from
our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. 

We will seek to have all third parties (including
any vendors or other entities we engage after the IPO) and any prospective target businesses enter into valid and enforceable agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account. The underwriters
in the IPO will execute such a waiver agreement. 

As a result, the claims that could be made against
us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in any liability extending to the trust. We therefore
believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not have a significant impact on our ability to distribute
the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, there is no guarantee that vendors, service providers and prospective
target businesses will execute such agreements. In the event that a potential contracted party was to refuse to execute such a waiver,
we will execute an agreement with that entity only if our management first determines that we would be unable to obtain, on a reasonable
basis, substantially similar services or opportunities from another entity willing to execute such a waiver. Examples of instances where
we may engage a third party that refused to execute a waiver would be the engagement of a third party consultant who cannot sign such
an agreement due to regulatory restrictions, such as our auditors who are unable to sign due to independence requirements, or whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or a
situation in which management does not believe it would be able to find a provider of required services willing to provide the waiver.
There is also no guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account.
Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold
to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds
in the trust account to below 10.15 per public share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a valid and enforceable agreement
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account and except
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. However, the sponsor may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations, as we have not required it to retain any assets
to provide for its indemnification obligations, nor have we taken any further steps to ensure that it will be able to satisfy any indemnification
obligations that arise. Moreover, our sponsor will not be liable to our public stockholders and instead will only have liability to us.
As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution from the trust account could be less than approximately 10.15 due to claims
or potential claims of creditors. We will distribute to all of our public stockholders, in proportion to their respective equity interests,
an aggregate sum equal to the amount then held in the trust account, inclusive of any interest not previously released to us, subject
to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors as described below. 

If we are unable to consummate an initial business
combination and are forced to redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a portion of the funds held in the trust account, we anticipate
notifying the trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after such date and anticipate it will take no more
than 10 business days to effectuate the redemption of our public shares. Our insiders have waived their rights to participate in any redemption
with respect to their insider shares. We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust
account and from the interest income on the balance of the trust account (net income and other tax obligations) that may be released to
us to fund our working capital requirements. If such funds are insufficient, our sponsor has agreed to pay the funds necessary to complete
such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately 18,500) and has agreed not to seek repayment of such expenses.
Each holder of public shares will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account, plus any pro rata interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes. The proceeds deposited
in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of public stockholders. 

Our public stockholders shall be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete our initial business combination in the required time period
or if the stockholders seek to have us redeem their respective shares of common stock upon a business combination which is actually completed
by us. In no other circumstances shall a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. 

11 

If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or
an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to
applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per share redemption amount received
by public stockholders may be less than 10.15. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our
creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders
from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Claims may be brought against us for these reasons. 

Certificate of Incorporation 

Our certificate of incorporation contains certain
requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If
we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder s rights or pre-business
combination activity (including the substance or timing within which we have to complete a business combination), we will provide our
public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, in connection with any such vote. Our insiders and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC Chardan have agreed to waive any
redemption rights with respect to any insider shares, private shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to
amend our certificate of incorporation. Specifically, our certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which
public stockholders may seek to redeem their shares of common stock, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business
combination, into a portion of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, or (2) provide our stockholders with the
opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, in each case subject to the limitations described
herein; 

we will consummate our initial business combination only
if public stockholders do not exercise redemption rights in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; 

if our initial business combination is not consummated within
9 months of the closing of the IPO (or 12 or 15 months, if the period is extended), then our existence will terminate and we will distribute
all amounts in the trust account to all of our public holders of shares of common stock; 

we may not consummate any other business combination, merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination;
and 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote
on any initial business combination. 

12 

Potential Revisions to Agreements with Insiders 

Each of our insiders has entered into letter agreements
with us pursuant to which each of them has agreed to do certain things relating to us and our activities prior to a business combination.
We could seek to amend these letter agreements without the approval of stockholders, although we have no intention to do so. In particular: 

Restrictions relating to liquidating the trust account if
we failed to consummate a business combination in the time-frames specified above could be amended, but only if we allowed all stockholders
to redeem their shares in connection with such amendment; 

Restrictions relating to our insiders being required to vote
in favor of a business combination or against any amendments to our organizational documents could be amended to allow our insiders to
vote on a transaction as they wished; 

The requirement of members of the management team to remain
our officer or director until the closing of a business combination could be amended to allow persons to resign from their positions
with us if, for example, the current management team was having difficulty locating a target business and another management team had
a potential target business; 

The restrictions on transfer of our securities could be amended
to allow transfer to third parties who were not members of our original management team; 

The obligation of our management team to not propose amendments
to our organizational documents could be amended to allow them to propose such changes to our stockholders; 

The obligation of insiders to not receive any compensation
in connection with a business combination could be modified in order to allow them to receive such compensation; 

The requirement to obtain a valuation for any target business
affiliated with our insiders, in the event it was too expensive to do so. 

Except as specified above, stockholders would
not be required to be given the opportunity to redeem their shares in connection with such changes. Such changes could result in: 

Our having an extended period of time to consummate a business
combination (although with less in trust as a certain number of our stockholders would certainly redeem their shares in connection with
any such extension); 

Our insiders being able to vote against a business combination
or in favor of changes to our organizational documents; 

Our operations being controlled by a new management team
that our stockholders did not elect to invest with; 

Our insiders receiving compensation in connection with a
business combination; and 

Our insiders closing a transaction with one of their affiliates
without receiving an independent valuation of such business. 

13 

We will not agree to any such changes unless we
believed that such changes were in the best interests of our stockholders (for example, if we believed such a modification were necessary
to complete a business combination). Each of our officers and directors have fiduciary obligations to us requiring that they act in our
best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar
to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic
acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than
us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives
others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, the requirement that we acquire a target business or
businesses having a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time
of the agreement to enter into the business combination, and our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who
exercise their redemption rights, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. 

Employees 

We have two executive officers. They are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The
amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the business combination
and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once management locates a suitable target business to
acquire, they will spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently
spend more time to our affairs) than they would prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers
to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week
while we are trying to locate a potential target business to a majority of their time as we move into serious negotiations with a target
business for a business combination). We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements 

We have registered our units, common stock and
rights under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports
with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial statements audited and
reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to stockholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with or reconciled
to United States GAAP or IFRS as issued by the IASB. A particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination
candidate may not have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to consummate
our initial business combination with the proposed target business. 

14 

We may be required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to
have our internal control over financial reporting audited for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. A target company may not be in
compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of their internal control over financial reporting. The
development of the internal control over financial reporting of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such initial business combination. 

We are an emerging growth company as defined in
the JOBS Act and will remain such for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period or our
total revenues exceed 1.07 billion or the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following
fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we have elected, under Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, to take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures
under this Item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our principal executive offices
at 515 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10022. The annual rent we paid for this space is 0 and our sponsor Aquaron Investments
LLC plans to renew the lease for us by the lease end date, i.e., March 31, 2023. We consider our current office space, combined with the
other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations
and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other
legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure
that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

15 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our units began to trade on The Nasdaq Capital
Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol AQUNU on October 4, 2022. The shares of Common Stock and rights comprising the units
began separate trading on Nasdaq on October 19, 2022, under the symbols AQU and AQUNR , respectively. 

Holders of Record 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 7,040,240
of our shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding held by seven stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from
the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of Common Stock whose shares are held in the names
of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Common
Stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within
the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings,
if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the
foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends
in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use of Proceeds 

On October 6, 2022,
we consummated our IPO of 5,000,000 Units. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001, and one
right to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one share of Common Stock upon the consummation of the Company s initial business combination.
The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the Private Placement with the Sponsor of 256,250 Private Units, at a price of 10.00 per Private
Unit, generating gross proceeds of 2,562,500.00. The Private Units (and the underlying securities) are identical to the Units sold in
the IPO, except as otherwise disclosed in the registration statement. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect
to such sale. 

Subsequently, on October
14, 2022, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the Units occurred on October
14, 2022. The total aggregate issuance by the Company of 417,180 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit resulted in total gross proceeds
of 4,171,800.00. On October 14, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private
sale of an additional 12,515.40 Private Units, generating gross proceeds of 125,154. 

16 

On October 14, 2022,
the underwriters canceled the remainder of the over-allotment option. In connection with the cancellation of the remainder of the over-allotment
option, the Company has cancelled an aggregate of 83,205 shares of Common Stock issued to the Sponsor, prior to the IPO and Private Placement. 

As of October 14, 2022,
a total of 54,984,377 of the net proceeds from the sale of the Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) and the
Private Placements on October 6, 2022 and October 14, 2022 respectively, were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit
of the Company s public stockholders and maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

All of the proceeds
we receive from these purchases have been placed in the trust account described above and, together with the interests earned on the
funds held in the trust account and except for payment of our franchise and income taxes if any, shall not be released to us until the
earlier of the completion of our initial business combination and our redemption of the shares of common stock sold in the IPO upon our
failure to consummate a business combination within the required period. We are not permitted to use the proceeds placed in the trust
account and the interests earned thereon to pay any excise taxes or any other similar fees or taxes in nature that may be imposed on
the company pursuant to any current, pending or future rules or laws, including without limitation any excise tax due imposed under the
Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) of 2022 (H.R. 5376) on any redemptions or stock buybacks by the Company. 

With these exceptions, expenses incurred by us
may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of our IPO not held in the trust account; provided, however, that
in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of our IPO, if the funds not held in the trust account are insufficient,
our insiders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time,
in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would
either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 600,000
of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of 10.00 per unit (which,
for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 72,000 shares of Common Stock (which includes 12,000 shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of rights). If we do not complete a business combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds
not held in the trust account, and only to the extent available. 

On February 8, 2023, the Company issued unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 100,000 to Aquaron Investments LLC (the Sponsor in exchange for
the Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s working capital account in order to meet our working capital needs following
the consummation of our IPO. 

On February 23, 2023, the Company issued unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 140,000 to the Sponsor in exchange for the Sponsor depositing such amount into
the Company s working capital account in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of our IPO. 

We paid a total of 812,577 in underwriting discounts
and commissions (not including the 3.5 deferred underwriting commission payable at the consummation of business combination) and 835,549
for other costs and expenses related to the IPO. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds
generated in our initial public offering, see below Part II, Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

17 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related
thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware in March 2021. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination. Our efforts to identify a target business will
not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus on operating businesses in the new energy sector.
We affirmatively exclude as an initial business combination target any company of which financial statements are audited by an accounting
firm that the PCAOB is unable to inspect for two consecutive years beginning in 2021 and any target company with China operations consolidated
through a VIE structure. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our IPO and the private placement of Private Units, our
securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting our initial Business Combination. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management is currently
evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus
could have a negative effect on the Company s future financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company,
there has not been a significant impact as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the future outcome of this uncertainty. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged
in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date except the preparation and completion of the IPO and search for target
candidate following the consummation of the IPO. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities
and those necessary to prepare for the IPO, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for an initial business combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We expect to generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the IPO. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses
in connection with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. 

For the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 164,068, which consists of loss of approximately 221,031 derived from general and administrative
expenses of approximately 207,495, franchise tax expense of 13,536 and income tax expense of 51,753, offset by unrealized gain on investments
held in Trust Account of 176,876, and interest earned on investments held in Trust Account of approximately 259,976. 

For the period from
March 11, 2021 (inception) through the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 4,396, all of which consisted of formation
and operating costs. 

18 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On October 6, 2022,
we consummated our IPO of 5,000,000 Units. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001, and one
right to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one share of Common Stock upon the consummation of the Company s initial business combination.
The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the Private Placement with the Sponsor of 256,250 Private Units, at a price of 10.00 per Private
Unit, generating gross proceeds of 2,562,500. 

We granted the underwriter
a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 750,000 Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. Subsequently, on October
14, 2022, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the Units occurred on October
14, 2022. The total aggregate issuance by the Company of 417,180 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit resulted in total gross proceeds
of 4,171,800.00. On October 14, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private
sale of an additional 12,515.40 Private Units, generating gross proceeds of 125,154. 

On October 14, 2022,
the underwriters canceled the remainder of the over-allotment option. In connection with the cancellation of the remainder of the over-allotment
option, the Company has cancelled an aggregate of 83,205 shares of Common Stock issued to the Sponsor, prior to the IPO and Private Placement. 

A total of 54,984,377
of the net proceeds from the sale of the Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) and the Private Placements on October
6, 2022 and October 14, 2022 respectively, were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public
stockholders and maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had 57,284 in cash and working capital (current assets less current liabilities, excluding investment held in Trust Account, deferred
underwriting commissions payable and taxes payable) of 39,709. The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the IPO
had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of 25,000 for the Founder Shares and the loan under an unsecured promissory note
from the Sponsor of 300,000. On February 8 and February 23, 2023, the Sponsor provided a loan of 100,000 and 140,000, respectively,
to be used, in part, for transaction costs related to the Business Combination. 

The Company has 9 months
(or up to 15 months if the time to complete a business combination is extended as) from the closing of the IPO to consummate a Business
Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination
is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. The Company expects to continue to
incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of
the consummation of a Business Combination. The Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete its Business Combination
or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon consummation of its Business Combination, in which
case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with
applicable securities laws, the Company would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination.
If the Company is unable to complete its Business Combination because it does not have sufficient funds available, it will be forced
to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following the Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient,
the Company may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations. 

In connection with the
Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards
Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ,
management has determined that if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by July 6, 2023 (unless the Company extends
the time to complete a Business Combination), then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date
for liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

19 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than described below. 

The holders of the founder
shares, the Private Placement Shares, and any common stock that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any underlying
securities) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into in connection
with the IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our completion of our initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements. 

Upon closing of a business
combination, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per public share, or 1,896,013 in the aggregate. The deferred
fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business
combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriters will also be entitled to 0.75 of the gross proceeds
of the IPO in the form of common stock of the Company at a price of 10.00 per share, and 54,172 Private Units, to be issued if the Company
closes a business combination. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the period reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Common stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common stock subject to possible
redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value.
Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that is either within the control of the
holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) is classified
as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. The Company s common stock features
certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future
events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the
stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. 

20 

We have made a policy election in accordance
with ASC 480-10-S99-3A and recognizes changes in redemption value in additional paid-in capital (or accumulated deficit in the absence
of additional paid-in capital) over an expected 9-month period leading up to a Business Combination. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share 

The Company complies with accounting and disclosure
requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. The audited statements of operations include a presentation of income (loss) per redeemable
share and income (loss) per non-redeemable share following the two-class method of income per share. In order to determine the net income
(loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss)
allocable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net
loss less any dividends paid. The Company then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number
of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares. Any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the
common shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders. 

Offering Costs 

Offering costs consist of underwriting, legal,
accounting, registration and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the IPO. The Company
complies with the requirements of ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A - Expenses of Offering . Offering
costs are allocated between public shares and public rights based on the estimated fair values of public shares and public rights at
the date of issuance. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06,
 Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity
(Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ),
which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. ASU 2020-06
removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception and it also
simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the
impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk 

As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject
to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our IPO, the net proceeds of our IPO, including amounts in the Trust
Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds
that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material
exposure to interest rate risk. 

21 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included
herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ),
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent
registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

22 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The following table sets forth information about our directors and
executive officers as of March 30, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Yi
 Zhou 
 
 36 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairwoman and President 
 
 Qingze
 Zhao 
 
 34 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Yanyan
 Lin 
 
 34 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Yang
 Wang 
 
 44 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Xiaoming
 Ma 
 
 31 
 
 Independent
 Director 

Below is a summary of the business experience
of each our executive officers and directors: 

Yi Zhou has been our Chairwoman, President
and Chief Executive Officer since June 2022. Ms. Zhou co-founded Ease Consulting in September 2019 and has served its chief executive
officer since then. During her time with Ease Consulting, Ms. Zhou is responsible for providing consultancy services to funds including
VC funds that are expanding their limited partner base in the U.S. and other countries and advise on their fund-raising. Ms. Zhou has
been a partner at the Balloch Group since Oct 2021 and an advisor to Hashkey Capital since Feb 2022. Previously, Ms. Zhou was a private
equity associate at Susquehanna Investment Management Consulting Company Ltd. in Shanghai between April 2020 to June 2021 and a Director
II at VC relation management at Silicon Valley Bank between July 2017 and March 2020. Ms. Zhou also served as the associate director of
China market development at S P Capital IQ from September 2013 to June 2017. She currently is the alumni council member of Harvard
University Graduate School of Education from 2021 to 2026. Ms. Zhou received her bachelor s degree of Korean and Economics from
Peking University in 2009 and a master s degree in Education from Harvard University Graduate School of Education in 2010. We believe
Ms. Zhou is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of her extensive business and management experience, as well as her contacts
and relationships. 

Qingze Zhao has been our Chief Financial Officer
and a director since our inception. Mr. Zhao joined Century Frontier asset management as a portfolio manager in October 2022 and worked
there since then. Century Frontier asset management is a top tier asset management fund in China and he focuses on Chinese equity market
and quant-trading. From August 2019 to September 2022, Mr. Zhao worked in Wang Partners Consulting as a consultant. Wang 
Partners Consulting is a boutique management consulting firm in China, where his main focus is on the sectors of consumer, manufacturing
and new energy. From May 2016 to April 2019, he worked at Ping Capital Management, a hedge fund where he concentrated on quant-trading
and market research. Mr. Zhao received his Doctor of Philosophy in Science in Applied Mechanics from the University of Pennsylvania in
2016 and his bachelor s degree of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering from Shanghai Jiaotong University in 2011. We believe Mr.
Zhao is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his expertise in the consumer, manufacturing and new energy industries. 

Yang Wang has served as our independent director
since March 2021. He has been a partner of Haoyue Healthcare Fund since May 2021. Mr. Wang served as the partner at Cowin Capital
from February 2011 to March 2021, where he focused on the health sector. Before that Mr. Wang served as the senior project manager
of the business development department at Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd from November 2007 to January 2011. Mr. Wang received
a Master of Business Administration degree from Tsinghua University in 2006 and a bachelor s degree of Engineering in Computer Software
from Anhui University in 2000. We believe Mr. Wang is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive financial, commercial,
corporate strategy, business development and transaction experience, as well as his expertise in the health sector. 

23 

Yanyan Lin has served as our independent
director since March 2021. Ms. Lin has served as the founder and chief executive officer at Bole Education Consulting Inc.,
a Maryland incorporated education consulting company, since July 2016. Ms. Lin served as the senior auditor at Tate 
Tryon CPAs and Consultants Company in Washington, D.C from January 2013 to June 2018, where she led audit teams, completed
audit projects, and performed key audit testing in a variety of organizations including trade organizations and professional associations.
Ms. Lin graduated from University of Virginia with a Master of Science in Accounting in 2012, and a Bachelor of Science in Commerce
(Accounting and Finance) and second major in Economics in 2012. She also holds the Certified Public Accountant issued in the U.S. We
believe Ms. Lin is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to her extensive financial, commercial, and business development
experience. 

Xiaoming Ma has served as our independent
director since May 2021. Xiaoming holds the post of sales manager china of Royal IHC Group in Shanghai since September 2020. Before he
moved to Shanghai, he was appointed to Kinderdijk and served as the outsourcing management lead from September 2019 to September 2020.
Before that, Xiaoming worked successively at Royal IHC Group which includes proposal manager from April 2019 to September 2019,
assistant general manager from October 2018 to April 2019, business development manager from October 2018 to May 2019, strategy
consultant from April 2018 to November 2018 and purchaser and supply chain management analyst from November 2017 to April 2018. He joined
the management trainee-ship program of Royal IHC Group in November 2017. Before that, he worked at Hengxin Offshore Marine
Engineering (Europe) and was a sales and business development manager in Rotterdam during April 2016 to December 2016. Xiaoming
obtained his Master s degree in Marine Technology Shipping Management Specialization from Delft University of Technology in 2018
and the Bachelor s degree in Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering from Harbin Engineering University in 2015. We believe Mr.
Ma is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his commercial, business development and transaction experience, as well as
his contacts and relationships. 

Officer and Director Qualifications 

Our officers and board of directors are composed
of a diverse group of leaders with a wide array of professional roles. In these roles, they have gained experience in core management
skills, such as strategic and financial planning, financial reporting, compliance, risk management, and leadership development. Many
of our officers and directors also have experience serving on boards of directors and board committees of other companies, and have an
understanding of corporate governance practices and trends, which provides an understanding of different business processes, challenges,
and strategies. Further, our officers and directors also have other experience that makes them valuable, managing and investing assets
or facilitating the consummation of business combinations. 

We, along with our officers and directors, believe
that the above-mentioned attributes, along with the leadership skills and other experiences of our officers and board members, provide
us with a diverse range of perspectives and judgment necessary to facilitate our goals of consummating an acquisition transaction. 

Board Committees 

The board has a standing audit, nominating and
compensation committee. The independent directors oversee director nominations. Each audit committee (the Audit Committee ),
nominating committee (the Nominating Committee and compensation committee (the Compensation Committee has
a charter, which was filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 on September 16, 2022. 

24 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee, which is established in
accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, engages Company s independent accountants, reviewing their independence
and performance; reviews the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and the integrity of its financial statements;
the audits of the Company s financial statements and the appointment, compensation, qualifications, independence and performance
of the Company s independent auditors; the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and the performance
of the Company s internal audit function and internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee held no formal meetings
during 2022 as the Company does not have any underlying business or employees, relying on monthly reports and written approvals
as required. 

The members of the Audit Committee are Yang
Wang, Yanyan Lin, and Xiaoming Ma , each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Yanyan Lin
is the Chairperson of the Audit Committee. The board has determined that Yanyan Lin qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert, as defined under the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

The Nominating Committee is responsible for overseeing
the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board. Specifically, the Nominating Committee makes recommendations to the board
regarding the size and composition of the board, establishes procedures for the director nomination process and screens and recommends
candidates for election to the board. On an annual basis, the Nominating Committee recommends for approval by the board certain desired
qualifications and characteristics for board membership. Additionally, the Nominating Committee establishes and administers a periodic
assessment procedure relating to the performance of the board as a whole and its individual members. The Nominating Committee will consider
a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating
a person s candidacy for membership on the board. The Nominating Committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial
or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and
makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The Nominating Committee does not distinguish among nominees
recommended by shareholders and other persons. The Nominating Committee was not established until the closing of the IPO and therefore
held no meetings in 2022. 

The members of the Nominating Committee are Yang
Wang, Yanyan Lin, and Xiaoming Ma , each of whom is an independent director under NASDAQ s listing standards. Yang Wang is
the Chairperson of the Nominating Committee. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee reviews annually the
Company s corporate goals and objectives relevant to the officers compensation, evaluates the officers performance
in light of such goals and objectives, determines and approves the officers compensation level based on this evaluation; makes
recommendations to the board regarding approval, disapproval, modification, or termination of existing or proposed employee benefit plans,
makes recommendations to the board with respect to non-CEO and non-CFO compensation and administers the Company s incentive-compensation
plans and equity-based plans. The Compensation Committee has the authority to delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as
it may deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The chief executive officer of the Company may not be present during voting or deliberations
of the Compensation Committee with respect to his compensation. The Company s executive officers do not play a role in suggesting
their own salaries. Neither the Company nor the Compensation Committee has engaged any compensation consultant who has a role in determining
or recommending the amount or form of executive or director compensation. The Compensation Committee did not meet during 2021. 

25 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above,
no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including
our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation
of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the Compensation
Committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection
with such initial business combination. 

The members of the Compensation Committee are
 Yang Wang, Yanyan Lin, and Xiaoming Ma , each of whom is an independent
director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Yang Wang is the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Investors should be aware of the following potential
conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers and directors
is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among
various business activities. 

In the course of their other
business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for
presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management has pre-existing fiduciary duties
and contractual obligations and may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. 

Our officers and directors
may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities similar to those
intended to be conducted by our company. 

Unless we consummate our initial
business combination, our officers, directors and insiders will not receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
them to the extent that such expenses exceed the amount of available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the amount of interest
income from the trust account that may be released to us as working capital. 

The insider shares beneficially
owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if our initial business combination is successfully completed.
Additionally, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time frame, our officers and directors
will not be entitled to receive any amounts held in the trust account with respect to any of their insider shares or private units. Furthermore,
our insiders (and/or their designees) have agreed that the private units will not be sold or transferred by them until after we have
completed our initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, our board may have a conflict of interest in determining whether
a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to affect our initial business combination. 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially
undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the
corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to the
corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

26 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business
affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the
above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity
will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where the application of the doctrine would conflict
with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have. In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise
from multiple affiliations, our officers and directors (other than our independent directors) have agreed to present to us for our consideration,
prior to presentation to any other person or entity, any suitable opportunity to acquire a target business, until the earlier of: (1)
our consummation of an initial business combination and (2) 12 months (or 15 or 18 months, as applicable) from the date of our IPO. This
agreement is, however, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations such officer or director may from time to time
have to another entity. Accordingly, if any of them becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity
to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We
do not believe, however, that the pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers and directors will materially
undermine our ability to complete our business combination because in most cases the affiliated companies are closely held entities controlled
by the officer or director or the nature of the affiliated company s business is such that it is unlikely that a conflict will
arise. 

The following table summarizes the current pre-existing
fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors: 

Name of Individual 
 
 Name
 of Affiliated Company 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Yanyan Lin 
 
 Bole Education Consulting Inc. 
 
 Education consulting 
 
 Founder and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Yi Zhou 
 
 Ease Consulting 
 
 Finance consulting 
 
 Founder and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Yang Wang 
 
 Haoyue Healthcare Fund 
 
 PE fund 
 
 Partner 

Our insiders and Chardan have agreed to vote
any shares of Common Stock held by them in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive their respective
rights to receive any amounts held in the trust account with respect to their insider shares and private shares if we are unable to complete
our initial business combination within the required time frame. If they purchase shares of Common Stock in the open market, however,
they would be entitled to receive their pro rata share of the amounts held in the trust account if we are unable to complete our initial
business combination within the required time frame, but have agreed not to redeem such shares in connection with the consummation of
our initial business combination. 

All ongoing and future transactions between us
and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than
are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our Audit Committee and a majority of
our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in
either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction
unless our Audit Committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction
are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we
have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors
or insiders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair
to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested and independent
directors (if we have any at that time). Furthermore, in no event will our insiders or any of the members of our management team be paid
any finder s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

27 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable
to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The code of ethics codifies the business
and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with
the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of Common Stock and other equity securities. These
executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all
Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based solely on our review of such forms furnished
to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our executive
officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into any employment agreements
with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

No executive officer has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us and no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any
of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render
in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the
reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and Audit Committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement,
or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

28 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth as of March 30, 2023
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than
five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (ii) each of our officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers
and directors as a group. As of March 30,, 2023, we had 7,040,240 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons
named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by them. The following
table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Rights, as the Rights
are not convertible within 60 days of March 30, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and 

 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 
 of Common 
 Stock 
 Approximate
 Percentage of 
 Outstanding 
 Shares 
 of Common 
 Stock 
 
 Aquaron Investments LLC (2) 
 1,578,060 
 22.41 
 
 Yi Zhou 
 10,000 

Qingze Zhao 
 10,000 

Yang Wang 
 5,000 

Yanyan Lin 
 15,000 

Xiaoming Ma 
 5,000 

All current directors and executive officers as a group (five individuals) 
 1,623,060 
 23.05 
 
 Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (3) 
 450,000 
 6.39 
 
 ATW SPAC MANAGEMENT LLC (4) 
 549,693 
 7.81 
 
 Antonio Ruiz-Gimenez (4) 
 600,101 
 8.52 
 
 Kerry Propper (4) 
 600,101 
 8.52 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (5) 
 475,000 
 6.75 
 
 Boothbay Fund Management, LLC (6) 
 549,693 
 7.81 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals
 is c/o Aquaron Acquisition Corp., 515 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10022. 

(2) 
 Aquaron Investments LLC, our sponsor, is controlled by Ms. Yating Wang. 

(3) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address
 for the reporting person is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, Connecticut 06830. 

(4) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address
 for the reporting person is 17 State Street, Suite 2100, New York, New York 10004. 

(5) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address
 for the reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(6) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address
 for the reporting person is 140 East 45th Street, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10017. 

29 

All of the insider shares outstanding have been
placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as escrow agent. Subject to certain limited exceptions, 50 
of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until the earlier of six months after the date of the
consummation of our initial business combination and the date the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50 of the insider shares will not be transferred, assigned,
sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier in either
case if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

During the escrow period, the holders of these
shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (1) transfers among the insiders, to our officers, directors,
advisors and employees, (2) transfers to an insider s affiliates or its members upon its liquidation, (3) transfers to
relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (4) transfers by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (5) transfers
pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (6) private sales made at prices no greater than the price at which the securities
were originally purchased or (7) transfers to us for cancellation in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination,
in each case (except for clause 7) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and forfeiture, as the case may be,
as well as the other applicable restrictions and agreements of the holders of the insider shares. If dividends are declared and payable
in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate,
there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the insider shares. 

Our insiders, officers and directors may, but
are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion.
Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination,
without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 600,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business
combination into private units at a price of 10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire
72,000 shares of Common Stock (which includes 12,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Rights) if 600,000 of the notes
were so converted). Our pre-IPO stockholders have approved the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent
the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. If we do not complete
a business combination, any outstanding loans from our insiders, officers and directors or their affiliates, will be repaid only from
amounts remaining outside our trust account, if any. 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

In April 2021, we sold an aggregate of 1,437,500
shares of our Common Stock for 25,000, or approximately 0.02 per share, to our insiders. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO on
October 6, 2022, we consummated the Private Placement with Aquaron Investments LLC, our sponsor, purchasing 256,250 Private Units, at
a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of 2,562,500.00. The Private Units (and the underlying securities) are
identical to the Units sold in the IPO, except as otherwise disclosed in the registration statement. No underwriting discounts or
commissions were paid with respect to such sale. Additionally, the initial purchasers in the Private Placement agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement)
until the completion of our initial business combination. Such initial purchasers were granted certain demand and piggyback registration
rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Units. 

30 

Subsequently, on October
14, 2022, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the Units occurred on October
14, 2022. The total aggregate issuance by the Company of 417,180 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit resulted in total gross proceeds
of 4,171,800.00. On October 14, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private
sale of an additional 12,515.40 Private Units, generating gross proceeds of 125,154. 

On October 14, 2022,
the underwriters canceled the remainder of the over-allotment option. In connection with the cancellation of the remainder of the over-allotment
option, the Company has cancelled an aggregate of 83,205 shares of Common Stock issued to the Sponsor, prior to the IPO and Private Placement.
The Company received additional funds of 99,846 from the Sponsor upon the closing of IPO to finance transaction costs in connection with
searching for a target business. 

In order to meet our working capital needs following
the consummation of our IPO, our insiders, officers, and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or
at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The
notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion,
up to 600,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of 10.00 per
unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 72,000 shares of Common Stock (which includes 12,000
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Rights) if 600,000 of the notes were so converted). Our pre-IPO stockholders have approved
the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time
of the consummation of our initial business combination. If we do not complete a business combination, any outstanding loans from our
insiders, officers and directors or their affiliates, will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside our trust account, if any. 

On February 8, 2023, the Company issued unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 100,000 to Aquaron Investments LLC (the Sponsor in exchange for the
Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s working capital account in order to meet our working capital needs following the
consummation of our IPO. 

On February 23, 2023, the Company issued unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 140,000 to the Sponsor in exchange for the Sponsor depositing such amount into the
Company s working capital account in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of our IPO. 

The holders of our insider shares issued and
outstanding on the date of our IPO, as well as the holders of the private units (and underlying securities) and any shares our insiders,
officers, directors, or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be entitled to registration
rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of our IPO. The holders of a majority of these securities
are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect
to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of Common Stock are
to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private units or shares issued in payment of working capital loans made
to us can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders
have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation
of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

We will reimburse our officers and directors
for any reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf such as identifying
and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable
by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest
income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business
combination. Our Audit Committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any initial stockholder or member of
our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members of our Audit Committee
will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

31 

No compensation or fees of any kind, including
finder s fees, consulting fees, or other similar compensation, will be paid to our insiders or any of the members of our management
team, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of
the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence
on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of
prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by
us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest
income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business
combination. 

All ongoing and future transactions between us
and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than
are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our Audit Committee and a majority of
our uninterested independent directors, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel.
We will not enter into any such transaction unless our Audit Committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine
that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction
from unaffiliated third parties. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever
possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved
by the board of directors (or the Audit Committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate
amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant,
and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our shares
of Common Stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect
material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict
of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively
and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits
as a result of his or her position. 

We also require each of our directors and executive
officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

Our Audit Committee, pursuant to its written
charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. All
ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval
by our Audit Committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not
have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We
will not enter into any such transaction unless our Audit Committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors
determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such
a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

32 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer. 

To further minimize potential conflicts of interest,
we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated with any of our insiders unless we obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a
financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers, directors or insiders, or any entity with which
they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in
order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see above Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance. 

ITEM 14 . Principal Accountant Fees
and Services. 

The firm of UHY LLP, or UHY, acts as our independent
registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to UHY for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by
UHY in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by UHY for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual
financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings
with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled
 249,821 and 61,355, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay UHY for consultations concerning
financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021. 

Tax Fees . Commencing in March 2022 and
continuing through April 2022, a UHY LLP related entity provided tax/non-attest related tax compliance services to the Company with respect
to the Company s Federal income tax returns for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and its Delaware annual franchise tax report.
The fees billed for these services were 4,932, including administrative fee and tax processing fee. The Company s Audit Committee
chairman approved the tax/non-attest services by signing a tax engagement letter executed on March 1, 2022. UHY LLP and the Company s
Audit Committee have concluded that such services do not impact UHY LLP s independence. 

All Other Fees . There were no fees billed
for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our Audit Committee was formed upon the consummation
of our IPO. As a result, the Audit Committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior
to the formation of our Audit Committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our Audit Committee, and on a
going-forward basis, the Audit Committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed
for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in
the Exchange Act which are approved by the Audit Committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

33 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are
filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-19 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference
facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at
www.sec.gov. 

34 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Chardan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Rights Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Unit Purchase Option, dated October 6, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Chardan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements, dated October 3, 2022, by and between the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders, officers and directors of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 

35 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreements, dated October 3, 2022, among the Registrant, and the directors and officers of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, by and between the Company and Aquaron Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of Nominating Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not Applicable. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Aquaron Acquisition Corp. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yi Zhou 

Name: 
 Yi Zhou 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Yi Zhou 
 
 Chief Executive Officer. President and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Yi Zhou 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Qingze Zhao 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Qingze Zhao 
 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Yanyan Lin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Yanyan Lin 

/s/ Yang Wang 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Yang Wang 

/s/ Xiaoming Ma 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Xiaoming Ma 

37 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Chardan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Rights Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022 
 
 4.4 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Unit Purchase Option, dated October 6, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Chardan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements, dated October 3, 2022, by and between the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders, officers and directors of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 

38 

10.3 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 

10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreements, dated October 3, 2022, among the Registrant, and the directors and officers of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Aquaron Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of Nominating Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 16, 2022) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

39 

AQUARON ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-19 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

Stockholders of Aquaron Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Aquaron Acquisition Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 31, 2021(inception) to December 31, 2021, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has no
revenue, its business plan is dependent on the completion of a financing transaction and the Company s cash and working capital
as December 31, 2022, are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for the upcoming year. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and
management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

New York, 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

AQUARON ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current
 Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Deferred
 offering costs 

Investments
 held in Trust Account 

Total
 current assets 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities,
 Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders Equity 

Current
 Liabilities 

Other
 payable related party 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise
 tax payable 

Income
 tax payable 

Promissory
 note related party 

Deferred
 underwriting fee payable 

Total
 current liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at redemption value 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 (excluding 5,417,180 shares subject to possible redemption) and December 31, 2021 (1) , respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Retained
 earnings (Accumulated deficit) 

() 
 
 Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders Equity 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

AQUARON ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 

period from 

March 11, 2021 

For the 
 (inception) 

year ended 
 through 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share of redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted net loss per share of non-redeemable common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

AQUARON ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 

Balance as of January 1, 2022 

Sale of public units in initial public offering 

Sale of private placement units 

Forfeiture of Insider Shares 

Underwriter commissions 

Offering costs 

Reclassification of common stock subject to redemption 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net income for the year 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

For the Period From March 11, 2021 (Inception) Through December
31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance March 11, 2021 (Inception) 

Common stock issued to initial stockholders (1) 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

AQUARON ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period 

from March 11, 2021 

For the Year 
 (inception) 

Ended 
 through 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investment held in Trust Account 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of insider shares to the initial stockholders 

Proceeds from sale of public units through public offering 

Proceeds from sale of private placement units 

Proceeds from sale of unit purchase option 

Proceeds from promissory note- related party 

Proceeds from related party 

Repayment of promissory note to related party 

Payment of underwriters commissions 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the year 

Cash, end of the year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Financing Activities 

Initial classification of common stock subject to redemption 

Allocation of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 

Deferred offering costs in accrued offering expenses 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

AQUARON ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units at an offering price
of per unit (the Public Units ), generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the IPO, the Company
sold to its Sponsor units at per unit (the Private Units in a private placement generating total gross
proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. On October 14, 2022, the underwriters
partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase Units Over-Allotment Option Units at per Unit
generating total gross proceeds of . On October 14, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the
Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional Private Units generating gross proceeds of . 

of the net proceeds from
the sale of the Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) and the Private Placements on October 6, 2022 and October
14, 2022, were deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
as a trustee and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ),
and that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. These funds will not be released until the earlier of the completion
of the initial Business Combination or the liquidation due to the Company s failure to complete a Business Combination within the
applicable period of time. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors,
if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public stockholders. In addition, interest income earned on
the funds in the Trust Account may be released to the Company to pay its income or other tax obligations. With these exceptions, expenses
incurred by the Company may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of the IPO and private placement not held
in the Trust Account. 

F- 7 

per Public Share, plus any
pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income
tax obligations). 

upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks
stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required
by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to
its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required
by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each public
stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the
Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor and any of the Company s
officers or directors that may hold Insider Shares (as defined in Note 5) (the Initial Stockholders and Chardan have agreed
(a) to vote their Insider Shares, Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor
of approving a Business Combination and (b) not to convert any shares (including the Insider Shares) in connection with a stockholder
vote to approve, or sell the shares to the Company in any tender offer in connection with, a proposed Business Combination. 

of its Public Shares if the
Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to
the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

F- 8 

. 

per Public Share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a valid
and enforceable agreement with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies
held in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of IPO against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover,
in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the
extent of any liability for such third party claims. 

in cash and working capital (current assets less current liabilities, excluding taxes payable, investments held in Trust Account and deferred
underwriting fee payable) of . The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the IPO had been satisfied through
a payment from the Sponsor of for the Insider Shares and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of .
On February 8 and February 23, 2023, the Sponsor provided a loan of and , respectively, to be used, in part, for transaction
costs related to the Business Combination (see Note 5). 

F- 9 

excise
tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders
from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at
the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair
market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only
to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

F- 10 

and in
cash and none in cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

and 0 , respectively. The interests earned from the Trust Account totaled for the
year ended December 31, 2022, which were fully reinvested into the Trust Account as earned and unrealized gain on investments and therefore
presented as an adjustment to the operating activities in the Statements of Cash Flows. 

and consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, respectively, were charged to stockholders equity upon the completion of the IPO on October 6, 2022. 

F- 11 

() 
 
 Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

() 

Net loss including accretion of common stock to redemption value 

() 

() 

F- 12 

) 

() 
 
 Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock 

() 

() 

. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

accretion of common stock to redemption value. 

F- 13 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public rights 

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption 

Units at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of related to its IPO. The Company granted the underwriter
a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. On October 14, 2022,
the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase Over-Allotment Option Units at per Unit generating
total gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists of one share of common stock and one right Public Right ). Each
Public Right will convert into one-fifth (1/5) of one share of common stock upon the consummation of a Business Combination. 

Public Shares sold
as part of the Public Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) contain a redemption feature which allows for the
redemption of such Public Shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection
with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s
liquidation. In accordance with the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC
480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified
outside of permanent equity. 

F- 14 

Private Units at a price of per Private Unit for an aggregate purchase
price of in a private placement. Each Private Unit will consist of one share of common stock Private Share and one right Private Right ). On October 14, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the
Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Units generating gross proceeds of . Each Private Right will
convert into one-fifth (1/5) of one share of common stock upon the consummation of a Business Combination. The net proceeds from the
Private Units were added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares
(subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

shares of common stock to the Initial Stockholders (the Insider Shares for an aggregated consideration of , The
Insider Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the Initial Stockholders to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment is not exercised in full, so that the Initial Stockholders will collectively own of the Company s issued and
outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the Initial Stockholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the IPO and excluding the Private
Units). As a result of the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option which was closed on October 14, 2022, the
Company cancelled an aggregate of Insider Shares. 

of the Insider
Shares, the earlier of six months after the consummation of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the common
stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining 
of the Insider Shares, until the six months after the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent
to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in
all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

F- 15 

and , respectively, to be used, in part, for transaction costs
incurred in connection with the IPO (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note is unsecured, interest-free and due on the
closing of the IPO. The Company repaid and of the outstanding balance on October 7, 2022 and October 18, 2022, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and were outstanding under the Promissory Note, respectively. On February 8 and February
23, 2023, the Sponsor loaned the Company and , respectively, to be used, in part, for transaction costs related to the
Business Combination. 

and , respectively. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price
less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 

. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or ,
which will be paid upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. The underwriters are also entitled to of the gross proceeds of the IPO in the form of common stock of the
Company at a price of per share, to be issued if the Company closes a business combination. In addition, the Company has agreed
to issue to Chardan and/or its designees Private Units as a deferred underwriting commission if the Company closes a business combination.
If a business combination is not consummated, such Private Units will not be issued and Chardan s (and/or its designees) right to
receive them will be forfeited. 

, an option UPO to purchase Units (including the over-allotment option units).
The UPO is exercisable at any time, in whole or in part, between the close of the Business Combination and fifth anniversary of the date
of the Business Combination at a price per Unit equal to (or of the volume weighted average trading price of the ordinary
shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day immediately prior to consummation of an initial Business
Combination). The option and the underlying securities that may be issued upon exercise of the option, have been deemed compensation by
FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s NASDAQ Conduct Rules. Additionally,
the option may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a one-year period (including the foregoing 180-day period)
following the date of IPO except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the IPO and their bona fide officers or partners. 

F- 16 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. . As of December 31, 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, of which
an aggregate of up to shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not
exercised in full, so that the initial stockholders will own of the issued and outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the initial
stockholders do not purchase any public units in the IPO and excluding the Private Shares underlying the Private Units). As a result of
the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option which was closed on October 14, 2022, shares of the total
 shares of common stock were no longer subject to forfeiture. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock
issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption). 

F- 17 

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Total deferred tax asset (expense) 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 18 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Transaction costs 

Change in valuation allowance 

and for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, respectively. 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021,
respectively. The Company s tax returns for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 remain open and subject to examination. 

and , respectively, to be used, in part, for transaction costs related to the Business Combination.
The Promissory Notes are unsecured, interest-free and due earlier of the date the Company consummates a business combination or liquidates. 

F-19 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-6_aquaronacq.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.6 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As of December 31, 2022, Aquaron
Acquisition Corp. we, our, us or the Company had the following three securities
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its units, consisting
of one share of common stock (as defined below) and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5)
of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination (as defined below) (the units ), (ii)
its common stock, 0.0001 par value per share common stock ), and (iii) its rights, with each five rights eligible to receive
one share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination (the rights ). 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 10,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value.
The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and
qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and our warrant agreement,
each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part. 

Defined terms used herein
but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. 

Units 

 Each unit has a price of 10.00
and consists of one share of common stock, par value 0.0001, and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of a share of common stock
upon the consummation of an initial business combination, as described in more detail. Each five rights entitle the holder thereof to
receive one share of common stock at the closing of a business combination. We will not issue fractional shares. As a result, the rights
holder must hold rights in multiples of 5 in order to receive shares for all of such holder s rights upon closing of a business
combination. 

Common Stock 

Our holders of record of our
common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In connection with any vote held
to approve our initial business combination, our insiders, officers, and directors, have agreed to vote their respective shares of common
stock owned by them immediately prior to the IPO, including both the insider shares and the private shares, and any shares acquired in
the IPO or following the IPO in the open market, in favor of the proposed business combination. 

We will consummate our initial
business combination only if public stockholders do not exercise redemption rights in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets
to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of the initial business combination and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock
voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, if we do not consummate our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing
of the IPO (or 12 or 15 months as applicable), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above)
to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our insiders have
agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution with respect to their insider shares and private shares, although they will
be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

Our stockholders have no conversion,
preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the shares of common stock,
except that public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to us in any tender offer or have their shares of common stock redeemed
to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business combination and the business combination
is completed. If we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder s
rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance or timing within which we have to complete a business combination),
we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such vote. In either of such events, redeeming stockholders would be paid their
pro rata portion of the trust account promptly following consummation of the business combination or the approval of the amendment to
the certificate of incorporation. Public stockholders who sell or redeem their stock into their share of the trust account still have
the right to convert the rights that they received as part of the units. If the business combination is not consummated or the amendment
is not approved, stockholders will not be paid such amounts. 

Rights 

Except in cases where we are
not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one-fifth (1/5) of a share
of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of a public right converted all shares of common
stock held by him, her or it in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment to our certificate of incorporation with
respect to our pre-business combination activities. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial
business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the
one-fifth (1/5) of a share underlying each right upon consummation of the business combination. No additional consideration will
be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional shares of common stock upon consummation of
an initial business combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by
affiliates of ours). If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity,
the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the common
stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis. 

We will not issue fractional
shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise
addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples
of 5 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. If we are unable to complete an initial
business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not
receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust
account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to
deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we
be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

Unit Purchase Option 

We have agreed to sell to
Chardan Capital Markets, LLC an option to purchase a total of 97,509 units at 11.50 per unit at 11.50 per unit. The units issuable upon
exercise of this option are identical to those offered in the IPO. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_aquaronacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Yi Zhou, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Aquaron
Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/Yi Zhou 

Yi Zhou 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_aquaronacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Qingze Zhao, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Aquaron
Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant[,
including its consolidated subsidiaries] is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Qingze Zhao 

Qingze Zhao 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_aquaronacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Aquaron Acquisition Corp. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yi Zhou 

Name: Yi Zhou 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_aquaronacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Aquaron Acquisition Corp. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Qingze Zhao 

Name: Qingze Zhao 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 aqu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 aqu-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aqu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aqu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aqu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

