<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1130889_0001554795-23-000097.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1553071</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66144</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>348667</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>390950</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>304598</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>409440</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001554795-23-000097.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329173510
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-23-000097
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CANCER CAPITAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001130889
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				911803648
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32363
		FILM NUMBER:		23776350

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2157 S. LINCOLN
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-323-2395

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2157 S. LINCOLN
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001554795-23-000097.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 cncl0328form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period ___ to ___ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip code) 

Issuer s telephone number, including area code:

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered
under Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

The registrant did not
have an active trading market for its common stock as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter;
therefore, an aggregate market value of shares of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates cannot be determined. 

The number of shares outstanding
of the registrant s common stock as of March 29, 2023 was . 

Documents incorporated
by reference: None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART
I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 8 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 8 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety
 Disclosure 
 8 

PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common
 Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 9 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 9 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations 
 9 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 12 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
 Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 21 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 21 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 21 

PART
III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance 
 22 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 23 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain
 Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 23 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
 and Director Independence 
 24 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 25 

PART
IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 26 

Signatures 
 27 

In this annual report
references to Cancer Capital, we, us, and our refer to Cancer Capital Corp. 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC encourages companies to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand
future prospects and make informed investment decisions. This report contains these types of statements. Words such as may, 
 expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, project, or continue 
or comparable terminology used in connection with any discussion of future operating Results or financial performance identify forward-looking
statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this
report. All forward-looking statements reflect our present expectation of future events and are subject to a number of important factors
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Historical Development 

Cancer Capital Corp. was
incorporated in the state of Nevada on April 11, 1997, to develop an alternative medical waste treatment and processing equipment system.
We were unsuccessful in that endeavor and abandoned that business plan in December 1997. In April 28, 2016, Cancer Capital Corp. filed
Articles of Domestication in the state of Wyoming; effectively moving the Company s state of domicile from Nevada to Wyoming. 

Our Business Plan 

Our business plan is to
seek, investigate, and, if warranted, acquire an interest in a business opportunity. Our acquisition of a business opportunity may be
made by an asset acquisition, merger, exchange of stock, or otherwise. We have very limited sources of capital, and we probably will
only be able to take advantage of one business opportunity. 

Based upon current economic
conditions, management believes that it is possible, if not probable, for a company like ours, without many assets or liabilities, to
negotiate a merger or acquisition with a viable private company. The opportunity arises principally because of the expensive legal and
accounting fees and the length of time associated with the registration process of going public. 

Our search for a business
opportunity will not be limited to any particular geographical area or industry and includes both U.S. and international companies. Our
management has unrestricted discretion in seeking and participating in a business opportunity, subject to the availability of such opportunities,
economic conditions and other factors. Our management believes companies who desire a public market to enhance liquidity for current
stockholders, or plan to acquire additional assets through issuance of securities rather than for cash, will be potential merger or acquisition
candidates. 

The selection of a business
opportunity in which to participate is complex and extremely risky and will be made by management in the exercise of their business judgment.
Our activities are subject to several significant risks which arise primarily as a result of the fact that we have no operating business
and may acquire or participate in a business opportunity based on the decision of management which will, in all probability, act without
consent, vote, or approval of our stockholders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify and merge with or acquire any business
opportunity which will ultimately prove to be beneficial to Cancer Capital and our stockholders. Should a merger or acquisition prove
unsuccessful, it is possible management may decide not to pursue further acquisition activities and management may abandon our search
and we may become dormant or be dissolved. 

It is possible that the
range of business opportunities that might be available for consideration by us could be limited by the fact that while our common stock
is cleared for a quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, there is currently no public trading of our common stock on any market. We cannot
assure you that a market will develop or that a stockholder will be able to liquidate his/her/its investments without considerable delay,
if at all. If a market develops, our shares will likely be subject to the rules of the Securities Enforcement Remedies and Penny Stock
Reform Act of 1990. The liquidity of penny stock is affected by specific disclosure procedures required by those rules to be followed
by all broker-dealers, including but not limited to, determining the suitability of the stock for a particular customer, and obtaining
a written agreement from the customer to purchase the stock. This rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities
and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell our securities in any market. 

4 

Investigation and
Selection of Business Opportunities 

We anticipate that business
opportunities will come to our attention from various sources, including our officers and directors, our stockholders, professional advisors,
such as attorneys and accountants, securities broker-dealers, investment banking firms, venture capitalists, members of the financial
community and others who may present unsolicited proposals. Management expects that prior personal and business relationships may lead
to contacts with these various sources. 

We expect that our due
diligence will encompass, among other things, meetings with the target business s incumbent management and inspection of its facilities,
as necessary, as well as a review of financial and other information which is made available to our management. This due diligence review
may be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage. Our limited funds and the lack of full-time
management will likely make it impracticable to conduct a complete and exhaustive investigation and analysis of a target business before
we consummate a business combination. We anticipate that we will rely upon funds provided by advances and/or loans from management and
significant stockholders to conduct investigation and analysis of any potential target companies or businesses. We may also rely upon
the issuance of our common stock in lieu of cash payments for services or expenses related to any analysis. Management decisions, therefore,
will likely be made without detailed feasibility studies, independent analysis, market surveys and the like which, if we had more funds
available to us, would be desirable. We will be particularly dependent in making decisions upon information provided by the promoters,
owners, sponsors or other persons associated with the target business seeking our participation. 

Our management will analyze
the business opportunities; however, none of our management are professional business analysts (See Part III, Item 10, below). Our management
has had limited experience with mergers and acquisitions of business opportunities and has not been involved with an initial public offering.
Due to management s limited experience with mergers and acquisitions, they may rely on principal stockholders or associates, or
promoters or their affiliates to assist in the investigation and selection of business opportunities. 

Certain conflicts of interest
exist or may develop between the Company and our officers and directors. Our management has other business interests to which they currently
devote attention. Our President, Mr. John Peters, holds management positions with another reporting company which is also seeking business
opportunities and Mrs. Michelle Peters is currently employed. (See Part III, Item 10, below.) As a result, conflicts of interest may
arise that can be resolved only through their exercise of judgment in a manner which is consistent with their fiduciary duties to us. 

A decision to participate
in a specific business opportunity may be made upon our management s analysis of: 

the
 quality of the business opportunity s management and personnel, 

the
 anticipated acceptability of its new products or marketing concept, 

the
 merit of its technological changes, 

the
 perceived benefit that it will derive from becoming a publicly held entity, and 

numerous
 other factors which are difficult, if not impossible, to analyze through the application
 of any objective criteria. 

No one factor described
above will be controlling in the selection of a business opportunity. Management will attempt to analyze all factors appropriate to each
opportunity and make a determination based upon reasonable investigative measures and available data. Potential business opportunities
may occur in many different industries and at various stages of development. Thus, the task of comparative investigation and analysis
of such business opportunities will be extremely difficult and complex. Potential investors must recognize that because of our limited
capital available for investigation and management s limited experience in business analysis, we may not discover or adequately
evaluate adverse facts about the business opportunity to be acquired. 

In many instances, we
anticipate that the historical operations of a specific business opportunity may not necessarily be indicative of the potential for the
future operations because of the possible need to substantially shift marketing approaches, significantly expand operations, change product
emphasis, change or substantially augment management, or make other changes. We will be dependent upon the owners of a business opportunity
to identify any such problems which may exist and to implement, or be primarily responsible for, the implementation of required changes. 

5 

Form of Acquisition 

We cannot predict the
manner in which we may participate in a business opportunity. Specific business opportunities will be reviewed as well as our needs and
desires and those of the promoters of the opportunity. The legal structure or method deemed by management to be suitable will be selected
based upon our review and our relative negotiating strength. Such methods may include, but are not limited to, leases, purchase and sale
agreements, licenses, joint ventures and other contractual arrangements. We may act directly or indirectly through an interest in a partnership,
corporation or other forms of organization. We may be required to merge, consolidate or reorganize with other corporations or forms of
business organizations. In addition, our present management and stockholders most likely will not have control of a majority of our voting
shares following a merger or reorganization transaction. As part of such a transaction, our existing directors may resign and new directors
may be appointed to fill those vacancies without any vote by our stockholders. 

We likely will acquire
our participation in a business opportunity through the issuance of common stock or other securities. Although the terms of any such
transaction cannot be predicted, it should be noted that in certain circumstances the criteria for determining whether or not an acquisition
is a so-called tax free reorganization under Section 368(a) (1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code depends upon whether the owners of the acquired business own 80 or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. If a transaction
were structured to take advantage of these provisions rather than other tax free provisions provided under the Code, all
prior stockholders would in that circumstance retain 20 or less of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity.
Under other circumstances, depending upon the relative negotiating strength of the parties, prior stockholders may retain substantially
less than 20 of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. This could result in substantial additional dilution
to the equity of those persons who were our stockholders prior to such reorganization. 

In the case of an acquisition,
the transaction may be accomplished upon the sole determination of management without any vote or approval by stockholders. In the case
of a statutory merger or consolidation directly involving the Company, it will likely be necessary to call a stockholders' meeting and
obtain the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding securities. The necessity to obtain such stockholder approval may
result in delay and additional expense in the consummation of any proposed transaction and will also give rise to certain appraisal rights
to dissenting stockholders. Most likely, management will seek to structure any such transaction so as not to require stockholder approval. 

The time and costs required
to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete a business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any
degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the indemnification and evaluation of a prospective business combination that
is not ultimately completed may result in a loss to the Company. Also, fees may be paid in connection with the completion of all types
of acquisitions, reorganizations or mergers. These fees are usually used to pay legal costs, accounting costs, finder s fees, consultant s
fees and other related expenses. In the event that any such fees are paid, they may become a factor in negotiations regarding any potential
acquisition or merger by us. We have no present arrangements or understandings respecting any of these types of fees. 

Significant stockholders
may actively negotiate or otherwise consent to the purchase of all or any portion of their common stock as a condition to, or in connection
with, a proposed reorganization, merger or acquisition. It is not anticipated that any such opportunity will be afforded to other stockholders
or that such other stockholders will be afforded the opportunity to approve or consent to any particular stock buy-out transaction. We
have not adopted any procedures or policies for the review, approval or ratification of any related party transactions. 

In the event we merge
or acquire a business opportunity, the successor company will be subject to our reporting obligations. This is commonly referred to as
a back door registration. A back door registration occurs when a non-reporting company becomes the successor of a reporting
company by merger, consolidation, exchange of securities, acquisition of assets or otherwise. This type of event requires the successor
company to file a current report with the SEC which provides the same kind of information about the company to be acquired that would
appear in a registration statement, including audited and pro forma financial statements. This regulation may eliminate many of the perceived
advantages of these types of transactions. Accordingly, we may incur additional expense to conduct due diligence and present the required
information for the business opportunity in any report. 

Also, the SEC may elect
to conduct a full review of the successor company and may issue substantive comments on the sufficiency of disclosure related to the
company to be acquired. 

In addition, regulations
also deny the use of Form S-8 for the registration of securities of a shell company, and limit the use of Form S-8 to a reorganized shell
company until the expiration of 60 days from when any such entity is no longer considered to be a shell company. This prohibition could
further restrict opportunities for the Company to acquire companies that may already have stock option plans in place that cover numerous
employees. In such an instance, there may be no exemption from registration for the issuance of securities in any business combination
to these employees, thereby necessitating the filing of a registration statement with the SEC to complete any such reorganization, and
incurring the time and expense costs that are normally avoided by back door registrations. 

6 

Competition 

We expect to encounter
substantial competition in our effort to locate attractive business opportunities. Business development companies, venture capital partnerships
and corporations, venture capital affiliates of large industrial and financial companies, small investment companies, and wealthy individuals
will be our primary competition. Many of these entities will have significantly greater experience, resources and managerial capabilities
than we do and will be in a better position than we are to obtain access to attractive business opportunities. We also will experience
competition from other public reporting companies, many of which may have more funds available for such opportunities. 

Effect of Existing
or Probable Governmental Regulations on Business 

We are subject to the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This Act creates a strong and independent accounting oversight board to oversee the conduct of auditors of
public companies and to strengthen auditor independence. It also requires steps to enhance the direct responsibility of senior members
of management for financial reporting and for the quality of financial disclosures made by public companies; establishes clear statutory
rules to limit, and to expose to public view, possible conflicts of interest affecting securities analysts; creates guidelines for audit
committee members appointment, and compensation and oversight of the work of public companies auditors; prohibits certain
insider trading during pension fund blackout periods; and establishes a federal crime of securities fraud, among other provisions. 

We are subject to the
Exchange Act of 1934 and are required to file annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular
basis, and will be required to timely disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control; acquisitions or dispositions
of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business; and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. We
are also subject to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act which requires the Company to comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC
regarding proxy solicitations, as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to our stockholders at a special or annual meeting of
stockholders or pursuant to a written consent will require us to provide our stockholders with the information outlined in Schedules
14A or 14C of Regulation 14A; preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to the SEC at least 10 days prior to the date
that definitive copies of this information are forwarded to our stockholders. 

If we acquire a non-reporting
issuer under the Exchange Act, we will be subject to the back-door registration requirements of the SEC that will
require us to file a Current Report on Form 8-K that will include all information about such non-reporting issuer as would
have been required to be filed by that entity had it filed a Form 10 Registration Statement with the SEC. 

Employees 

We currently have no employees.
Our management expects to confer with consultants, attorneys and accountants as necessary. We do not anticipate a need to engage any
full-time employees so long as we are seeking and evaluating business opportunities. We will determine the need for employees based upon
a specific business opportunity, if any. 

Available Information 

We currently do not have
a Company website. 

7 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, we are not required to provide the information
for this Item. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not currently own
or lease any property. Until we pursue a viable business opportunity and recognize income, we will not seek office space. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not a party to
any legal proceedings as of the date of this filing. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable to our
operations. 

8 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR
REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock
is listed on the OTC Bulletin Board using the symbol CNCL. As of the date of this filing there has not been any trading
activity in our common stock. Any future over-the-counter market quotations in this trading system reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail mark-up, mark-downs or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Our shares of common stock
are subject to Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Securities and Exchange Act, commonly referred to as the penny stock 
rule. The rule defines penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.
These rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to trade or maintain a market in our common stock and may affect the ability of
stockholders to sell their shares. Broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited investors
must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of the security. Accredited investors, in general, include individuals
with assets in excess of 1,000,000 (excluding their primary residence) or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 together with
their spouse, and certain institutional investors. The rules require the broker-dealer to receive the purchaser s written consent
to the transaction prior to the purchase and require the broker-dealer to deliver a risk disclosure document relating to the penny stock
prior to the first transaction. A broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered
representative, and current quotations for the security. Finally, monthly statements must be sent to customers disclosing recent price
information for the penny stocks. 

Holders and Dividends 

We have 38 stockholders
of record holding 6,150,000 common shares as of March 29, 2023. We have not declared dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate
paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of
Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer Purchase
of Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA 

Not applicable to smaller
reporting companies. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Executive Overview 

We are an emerging growth
company that has not recorded revenues for the past two fiscal years. We are dependent upon financing to continue basic operations. Management
intends to rely upon advances or loans from management, significant stockholders or third parties to meet our cash requirements, but
we have not entered into written agreements guaranteeing funds and, therefore, no one is obligated to provide funds to us in the future.
These factors raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our plan is to combine with an operating company
to generate revenue. 

If we obtain a business
opportunity, then it may be necessary to raise additional capital. We likely will sell our common stock to raise this additional capital.
We anticipate that we would issue such stock pursuant to exemptions to the registration requirements provided by federal and state securities
laws. The purchasers and manner of issuance will be determined according to our financial needs and the available exemptions to the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. We do not currently intend to make a public offering of our stock. We also note that if we
issue more shares of our common stock, then our stockholders may experience dilution in the value per share of their common stock. 

9 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

We have not recorded revenues
from operations since inception. We have not established an ongoing source of revenue sufficient to cover our operating costs and we
have relied primarily upon related parties to provide and pay for professional and operational expenses. 

At December 31, 2022,
we had cash of 22,055 compared to 62 cash at December 31, 2021. The increase in cash was primarily a result of proceeds from notes
payable of 33,000 and notes payable related-party of 4,000, offset by payment of current year expenses. At December 31, 2022, total
liabilities increased to 433,654 compared to 369,194 at December 31, 2021. This increase in total liabilities primarily represents
an increase of accrued interest for all notes payable and the increase of notes payable and notes payable related party for cash
advances, consulting services and professional services provided by or paid for by third party (See Commitments and Obligations, 
below). 

We intend to obtain capital
from management, significant stockholders and/or third parties to cover minimal operations; however, there is no assurance that additional
funding will be available. Our ability to continue as a going concern during the long term is dependent upon our ability to find a suitable
business opportunity and acquire or enter into a merger with such company. The type of business opportunity with which we acquire or
merge will affect our profitability for the long term. 

During the next 12 months
the Company anticipates incurring additional costs related to the filing of Exchange Act reports. We believe we will be able to meet
these costs through advances and loans provided by management, significant stockholders or third parties. We may also rely on the issuance
of our common stock in lieu of cash to convert debt or pay for expenses. 

Results of Operations 

We had no revenues during
2022 and 2021. General and administrative expense was 21,008 for 2022 compared to 18,335 for 2021. General and administrative expense
primarily reflects consulting and accounting services relied upon for our operations. Total other expense, representing interest expense
on notes payable and notes payable-related party, increased to 21,459 for 2022 compared to 18,457 for 2021. Accordingly, our net loss
increased to 42,476 for 2022 compared to 36,792 for 2021. Management expects net losses to continue until we acquire or merge with
a business opportunity. 

Commitments and
Obligations 

At December 31, 2022 and
2021, we had notes payable of 130,275 and 97,275, respectively. The notes bear interest at 8 and are due on demand. Accrued interest
for these notes payable was 64,574 and 54,844 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Notes payable related
party at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 155,125 and 145,125, respectively. The notes bear interest at 8 and are due on demand. Accrued
interest on these notes at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 77,680 and 65,950, respectively. 

During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred 6,000 and 6,000, respectively, for consulting, administrative, and professional services
provided by a more than 5 shareholder. In 2022, the 2021 accounts payable related party totaling 6,000 were converted into
notes payable related party. In 2021, the 2020 accounts payable related party totaling 6,000 were converted into notes
payable related party. 

As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, two lenders represent in excess of 95 of our accounts payable and notes payable. 

10 

Emerging Growth
Company 

We qualify as an emerging
growth company as that term is used in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). A company qualifies
as an emerging growth company if it has total annual gross revenues of less than 1.07 billion during its most recently completed fiscal
year and, as of December 8, 2011, had not sold common equity securities under a registration statement. Under the JOBS Act we are permitted
to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section
7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can
delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected
to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those
of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

11 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

CANCER CAPITAL CORP. 

Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB
 ID 
 13 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 14 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 15 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 16 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 17 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 18 

12 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of
Directors and Stockholders 

 Cancer Capital
Corp. 

 Salt Lake City,
Utah 

 Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

 We have audited the
accompanying balance sheets of Cancer Capital Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations,
stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Consideration of
the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring losses
and has no operations which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
in regard to these matters are described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required
to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ Pinnacle
Accountancy Group of Utah 

We have served
as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March 24, 2023 

13 

Cancer Capital Corp. 

 Balance Sheets 

DEC 31, 2022 
 DEC 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable - related party 

Notes payable related party 

Notes payable 

Accrued interest related party 

Accrued interest 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Common
 stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements. 

14 

Cancer Capital Corp. 

 Statements of Operations 

FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED DEC 31, 2022 
 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED DEC 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Operating
 Expenses 

General
 and administrative 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 income (expense) 

Interest
 expense related party 

Interest
 expense 

Total
 other income (expense) 

Loss
 before income taxes 

Income
 tax expense 

Net
 loss 

Net
 loss per share basic and diluted 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements. 

15 

Cancer Capital Corp. 

 Statements of
Stockholders Deficit 

 For the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

16 

Cancer Capital Corp. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC 31, 2022 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net Loss 

Adjustment to reconcile
 net loss to cash used by operating activities: 

Expenses paid by related party 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase in accrued interest related party 

Increase in accrued interest 

Net cash used by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from notes payable related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Conversion of related party accounts payable into notes payable related party 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements. 

17 

Cancer Capital Corp. 

 Notes to the Financial
Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding 

Basic Loss per Common Share 

of the Company s Accounts Payable and Notes Payable for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

18 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which may be offset against future taxable
income through 2037. No tax benefit has been reported in the financial statements. 

Deferred tax assets and
the valuation account are as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

A reconciliation of amounts
obtained by applying the Federal tax rate to pre-tax income to income tax benefit is as follows: 

Change in valuation allowance 

The Company did not
have any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase
or decrease within the next 12 months. 

The Company includes
interest and penalties arising from the underpayment of income taxes in the statements of operations in the provision for income taxes.
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

The tax years that
remain subject to examination by major taxing jurisdictions are those for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

19 

and , respectively. The notes bear interest at and are due on demand. The Company received
proceeds of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accrued interest for the
notes payable was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively, of consulting, administrative, and professional services
to a shareholder. In 2022, the 2021 accounts payables related party totaling were converted into notes payable 
related party. In 2021, the 2020 accounts payables related party totaling were converted into notes payable related
party. Notes payable related party at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. Accrued interest on
these notes at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was
 and , respectively. The notes bear interest at and are due on demand. 

20 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN
AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DI SCLOSURE 

There
were no disagreements between the Company and our independent registered public accounting firm related to accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedures during the last two fiscal years. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We maintain
disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our filings under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. This information
is accumulated to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our President, who serves as our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered
by this report and he determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective due to a control deficiency. Specifically,
during the period we did not have additional personnel to allow segregation of duties to ensure the completeness or accuracy of our information.
Due to the size and operations of the Company we are unable to remediate this deficiency until we acquire or merge with another company. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our principal executive officer is responsible
to design or supervise a process that provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The policies and procedures
include 

maintain records in reasonable detail to accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets, 

 provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors, and 

 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

For the
year ended December 31, 2022, management has relied on the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO - 2013),
 Internal Control - Integrated Framework, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
Based upon that framework, management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting is ineffective due to the lack
of additional personnel to allow segregation of duties to ensure the completeness or accuracy of our information. 

Our management
determined that there were no changes made in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

21 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our directors and executive officers and their
respective ages, positions, term of office and biographical information are set forth below. Pursuant to our bylaws, we have two directors
who serve for terms of one year or until they are replaced by a qualified director. Our executive officers are chosen by our board of
directors and serve at its discretion. John and Michelle Peters are married. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position Held 
 Director Term 
 
 John W. Peters 
 71 
 Director and President 
 From April 1997 until next annual meeting. 
 
 L. Michelle Peters 
 70 
 Director and Secretary/Treasurer 
 From April 1997 until next annual meeting. 

John W. Peters Mr. Peters
retired in December 2012 from his employment as an office manager and a manager of a property management company. Mr. Peters also serves
as a director and executive officer of C & C Tours, Inc., a company that has a class of securities registered with the SEC pursuant
to Section 12. 

Mr. Peters experience serving in management
positions for private companies and public reporting companies may prove significant in our search for a business opportunity. Also,
his experience with public reporting companies may be critical for our operations moving forward. 

L. Michelle Peters 
 Mrs. Peters is employed with a legal firm as a legal assistant and she has over 40 years of experience working as a legal assistant
and/or paralegal for law firms located in Salt Lake City, Utah and Atlanta, Georgia. 

During the past ten years none of our executive
officers have been involved in any legal proceedings that are material to an evaluation of their ability or integrity; namely: (1) filed
a petition under federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer appointed
by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he/she was a general partner at or within two years
before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he/she was an executive officer at or within two
years before the time of such filing; (2) been convicted in a criminal proceeding or named subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) been the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended
or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him/her from or otherwise limiting his/her involvement
in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or (4) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action,
by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any federal or state securities law, and the judgment in such
civil action or finding by the SEC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

Code of Ethics 

Since we have only two persons serving as directors
and executive officers and because we have minimal operations, we have not adopted a code of ethics for our principal executive and financial
officers. Our board of directors will revisit this issue in the future to determine if adoption of a code of ethics is appropriate. In
the meantime, our management intends to promote honest and ethical conduct, full and fair disclosure in our reports to the SEC, and comply
with applicable governmental laws and regulations. 

Corporate Governance 

We are a smaller reporting company with minimal
operations and only two directors and officers. As a result, we do not have a standing nominating committee for directors, nor do we
have an audit committee with an audit committee financial expert serving on that committee. Our entire board of directors acts as our
nominating and audit committee. 

22 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Officer Compensation 

Our principal executive officer, John W. Peters,
did not receive compensation from the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022. None of our named executive officers received
any cash or non-cash compensation during the past two fiscal years and none had outstanding equity awards at year end. We have not entered
into employment contracts with our executive officers and their compensation, if any, will be determined at the discretion of our board
of directors. 

We do not offer retirement benefit plans to
our executive officers, nor have we entered into any contract, agreement, plan or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides
for payments to a named executive officer at, or in connection with, the resignation, retirement or other termination of a named executive
officer, or a change in control of the company, or a change in the named executive officer s responsibilities following a change
in control. 

Compensation of Directors 

We do not have any standard arrangement for
compensation of our directors for any services provided as director, including services for committee participation or for special assignments. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Securities under Equity Compensation
Plans 

None. 

Beneficial Ownership 

The following tables set forth the beneficial
ownership of our outstanding common stock of our management and of each person or group known by us to own beneficially more than 5 
of our outstanding common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting
or investment power with respect to securities. Except as indicated by footnote, the persons named in the table below have sole voting
power and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. The percentage of beneficial
ownership is based on 6,150,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 29, 2023. 

CERTAIN
 BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
 
 Name and address 
 of beneficial owner 
 Amount and nature 
 of beneficial
 ownership 
 Percent 
 of class 
 
 Compass Equity Partners, LLC 
 369 East 900 South, Suite 281 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 
 500,000 
 8.1 
 
 First Equity Holdings Corp. 
 2157 S. Lincoln Street 
 Salt Lake City, UT 84106 
 500,000 
 8.1 

MANAGEMENT 

Name of beneficial owner 
 Amount and nature 
 of beneficial
 ownership 
 Percent 
 of class 
 
 John W. Peters 
 650,000 
 10.6 
 
 L.
 Michelle Peters 
 450,000 
 7.3 
 
 Directors
 and officers as a group 
 1,100,000 
 17.9 

23 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions with Related Parties 

The following information summarizes transactions
we have either engaged in for the past two fiscal years or propose to engage in, involving our executive officers, directors, more than
5 stockholders, or immediate family members of these persons. These transactions were negotiated between related parties without arm s
length bargaining and, as a result, the terms of these transactions may be different than transactions negotiated between unrelated
persons. 

First Equity Holdings Corp. First Equity ),
a more than 5 shareholder, paid for consulting, administrative and professional services related to our business operations valued at
 6,000 for 2022 and 6,000 for 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company owed First Equity 155,125 in notes payable related party
with accrued interest related party of 77,680. At December 31, 2022, the Company converted accounts payable related
party for 2021 owed to First Equity of 6,000 to notes payable related party. At December 31, 2021, the Company owed First Equity
 145,125 in notes payable related party with accrued interest related party of 65,950. At December 31, 2021, the Company
converted accounts payable related party for 2020 owed to First Equity of 6,000 to notes payable related party. These
notes payable are due on demand and we have not made any payments on these amounts due. 

Director Independence 

None of our directors are independent directors
as defined by NASDAQ Stock Market Rule 5605(a)(2). This rule defines persons as independent who are neither officers nor
employees of the company and have no relationships that, in the opinion of the board, would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out their responsibilities as directors. 

24 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Auditor Fees 

The following table presents the aggregate
fees billed by our principal accounting firm, Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah, for each of the last two fiscal years in connection
with the audit of our financial statements and other professional services. 

Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 
 Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 6,700 
 6,500 
 
 Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 6,700 
 6,500 

Audit fees represent fees for professional
services rendered by our principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements
included in our Forms 10-Q or services that are normally provided by our principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements. 

Audit-related fees represent professional services
rendered for assurance and related services by the accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements that are not reported under audit fees. 

Tax fees represent professional services rendered
by the accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All other fees represent fees billed for products
and services provided by the accounting firm, other than the services reported for the other three categories. 

Pre-approval Policies 

We do not have an audit committee currently
serving and as a result our board of directors performs the duties of an audit committee. Our board of directors will evaluate and approve
in advance the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor. All services rendered by our principal accountant are performed pursuant
to a written engagement letter between us and the principal accountant. We do not rely on pre-approval policies and procedures. 

25 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

Financial statements of Cancer Capital Corp.
are included in this report under Item 8 on pages 12 through 20. 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are included
in the footnotes to the financial statements or are inapplicable or not required. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

The following exhibits have been filed as part
of this report. 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 
 3(i).1 
 Articles of
 Incorporation, dated April 11, 1997 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 of the Form 10-SB, File No. 000-32363, filed February
 20, 2001) 
 
 3(i).2 
 Wyoming
 Articles of Domestication for Cancer Capital, dated April 28, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3(i) to Form 10-Q,
 filed May 13, 2016) 
 
 3(ii) 
 Bylaws of Cancer Capital, dated May 2,
 2016 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3(ii) to Form 10-Q, filed May 13, 2016) 
 
 4.6 
 Description
of securities (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.6 to Form 10-K, filed April 14, 2020) 
 
 31.1 
 Principal Executive Officer
 Certification 
 
 31.2 
 Principal Financial Officer
 Certification 
 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

26 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
there unto duly authorized 

CANCER CAPITAL CORP. 

By: /s/ John W. Peters 

 John W. Peters, President 

Date: March 29, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

By: /s/ John W. Peters 

 John W. Peters 

 Director and President 

 Principal Executive Officer 

 Principal Financial Officer 

Date: March 29, 2023 

By: /s/ L. Michelle Peters 

 L. Michelle Peters 

 Director and Secretary/Treasurer 

Date: March 29, 2023 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cncl0328form10kexh31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 

I, John W. Peters, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cancer Capital Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 /s/ John W. Peters 
 John W. Peters 
 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cncl0328form10kexh31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 

I, John W. Peters, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cancer Capital Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ John W. Peters 
 John W. Peters 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cncl0328form10kexh32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CANCER CAPITAL CORP. 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

The undersigned executive officer of Cancer Capital Corp. certifies pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

the annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ John W. Peters 
 John W. Peters 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cncl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cncl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cncl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cncl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

